hi , how are you doing ? i am getting ready to do some cheetah chasing to stay in shape .
i am ! for my hobby i like to do canning or some whittling .
that is neat . when i was in high school i placed 6th in 100m dash !
i do not . but i do have a favorite meat since that is all i eat exclusively .
i would have to say its prime rib . do you have any favorite foods ?
do you have anything planned for today ? i think i am going to do some canning .
i think i will can some jam . do you also play footfall for fun ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
wow , four sisters . just watching game of thrones .
i agree . what do you do for a living ?
interesting . i am a website designer . pretty much spend all my time on the computer .
that is awesome . i have always had a love for technology .
i really enjoy free diving , how about you , have any hobbies ?
that is nice . moms are pretty cool too .
we all live in a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine . morning !
lol . i am shy , anything to break the ice , and i am a beatles fan .
really ? what shows ? i like tv , it makes me forget i do not like my family
i did too . i do not get along with mine . they have no class .
put the lime in the coconut as well . . .
i prefer mojitos . watermelon or cucumber .
hi ! i work as a gourmet cook .
really . but , i can sing pitch perfect .
great ! i had won an award for spelling bee .
okay but i was published in new yorker once
i have not . i can cook any word you want me to
i am asian and have no hair .
i love carrots . i eat carrots like a horse .
i work as a gourmet cook who also has a pitch perfect voice .
how are you doing today
i like to watch kids
what do you weld ? houses ?
what is your secret that you have
how does that feel for you
i bet that it does
i watch kids for a living
hello friend , how is it going
i am great enjoying the football season
you work for a funeral home ?
lol , i can imagine . i will be reading a lot when football is over
ok i see , that is your halloween costume
I wish I could crochet as well as you do.
lol , oh i see , taught you own it
well i like sherlock holmes and others
rock on , i am listening to my favorite band guns and roses .
of course . i love to listen to rock .
well i am into black everything . so at least it would not show on my black carpet .
i have a black car , purse , wear all black .
wow , does he live there or work ?
have you visited him there before ?
sounds a bit scary . i've never been .
hi . how are you doing today ?
i am alright . i just got done writing .
it is my living . i like culture .
what are you going to school for
do you own your own company
do you get free pizza
that is a good start
i used to party a lot
hi how are you today
i only worked half a day i work at the bank
what do you do ?
oh ok i am a teller was the best job i could find with no college
yes it does pay the bills
i hike at the park
i love nature and it keeps my mind off things . do you travel
i want to go to another country at least once . i have never left the states
hello , how are you today ?
i am very good . did you watch the football games today ?
what do you do for a living ? i proofread for hallmark .
books are my greatest pleasure , i have a nice little library i am building .
i agree . have you seen goodfellas ?
i catch the football and hockey games .
i do . i travel extensively to europe and south america .
ireland is very nice , japan is my next stop .
hi i am sally , i live with my sweet dogs in taos , new mexico .
i have wonderful memories of my mother playing and singing to me .
maybe you will have to record your playing and dance to it .
do you have a day job ?
interesting , i am a struggling artist and part-time tutor
great commitment to your beliefs . i admit i still eat meat only less .
do you have any pets ?
hello . how are you ?
doing good . what are some of your favorite books ?
i enjoy reading but also garden in my spare time .
i spend a lot of time in my garden .
yes . lots of rabbits .
i give away lots of my vegetables to veterans . i am a veteran .
very cool . thanks for the chat . have a great day .
hey how are you today ?
i have been eating tacos and getting ready to move to school .
yes , i am going to university of michigan . what year are you ?
i love doing anything outdoors . especially in summer . you ?
fun . have you decided on your major for school ?
pre med . i would love to be a doctor
hey , what are you up to ?
i prefer rock music , like led zeppelin .
i would if i could , but i have a farm to maintain .
i prefer hiking outdoors and photography rather than crowded malls .
work is tiring . i would love to travel the world instead .
staying here is fine too though . my two dogs keep me company .
they are both greyhounds . their names are tom and jerry .
only two months ! i actually have to take them for a walk right now
hello , how are you doing ?
i am from socal , yourself ?
that is awesome . the ocean is incredible ! i totally believe that mermaids are out in the sea
that is epic ! me and my four sisters would totally do the same thing ! !
oh nice ! my mom went to beauty school too
she still braids my hair and we chit chat because she is literally my best friend
that is such a great thing ! ! not married , single and trying to mingle haha . you ?
i am craving some iced tea right now haha . even though its a bit chilly out
i am frank . nice to meet you . what is your name ?
i work as a general manager at a grocery store . what about you ?
do you have any hobbies ? i like to read and go cycling
do you have any dreams ? i hope to compete professionally or qualify for an event one day
that is so cool . how do you like to spend your free time ?
i like to travel up to Canada to enjoy the view and relax on weekends .
have you ever been to Canada for snowboarding ?
you should try going to Canada one day . it is really beautiful there .
hey how are you ? i wanted to go to florida to surf but no way !
i am great at catching a wave with my high school sweetheart
would not mind ! i am so busy at the hospital all the time .
not like i want being a nurse on the military base .
oh boy do i lol i bake alot when i have spare time , would love to share
a few been a brat all my life lol
hi . how are you doing today ?
how many dogs do you have ?
that sounds like a lot of work
that is really nice of them
what do you like to cook
that is very true . do you ever donate ?
i understand that . my church has a pantry .
hello , tell me about you .
i just got back from the london college of fashion in the uk .
you should go some time .
i thought i would make a pretty good fashion designer since i love to shop .
maybe i could introduce you to my sister in law . she is all wrong for my brother .
she might . she thinks she is better than me because she has an actual job .
i have not ventured into employment yet in fashion . too much to do .
hey, what's going on ? how are you ?
about to smash some pretzels . cant get enough of them .
so you have two cats ? what are their names ?
oh cool . do you work ? any hobbies ?
i live with my mom and watch a lot star trek . ever seen it ?
i am a bow hunter when i am not working on the railroad .
yeah i bet we would . i like hunting but i do not kill animals . i am weird like that
hello there how are you ?
i am great thanks , do like boating ?
its my favorite activity outside of being a doctor . do you like beaches ?
i volunteer at a farm , do you like animals ?
i too am a vegan , how long for you ?
that is nice my boss at the grocery store is nice too
i work at an urban farm , i love them . do you ?
how lovely , mine is 2 miles up the road .
hello how is life treating you today ?
i bumped my head on a door frame because i am 6 foot tall .
do you usually make bank waiting tables ?
i do not work , i guess i am an investor . i have waited tables in the past .
i find people to help now they come to me like stray cats .
i play around with mensa members like myself .
when i was growing up my family moved 40 times .
i think my mother was a bit touched in the head .
hi , how are you doing today ? do you have any hobbies ?
i am okay . i was prepping dinner and stopped to complete a couple of hits .
i am a personal chef for a family of 4 . what about you ?
oh , that is cool . the career highlight of my schooling was winning a spelling bee .
it was in the 2nd grade . i missed the cut in the 3rd grade . haha .
i know , right ? that is why culinary school was where i ended up .
hi ! how was your weekend ?
hi katie , i am lucy . how was your weekend ?
great ! went for pizza , my fav , on friday . whats your favorite food ?
i am from the us too . my favorite is pink . do you go to school ?
yes ! i love sushi ! i always eat it while studying .
i am not employed , but working toward my masters in social sciences . you ?
hello , how are you doing tonight ? its midnight here
i am worried about the situation in florida . the hurricane , its terrible , you know
my father . i work for the navy , 17 years at sea . its still terrifying
and interrupted my favorite tv show , the voice . whats your favorite show ?
september of 1972 . in 1960 was hurricane donna . fortunately , i love to swim
where are you from , originally ?
ah , not many jobs left after the hurricane ?
hello ! how are you ? i am about to have pizza , i am excited ! !
i like seafood but my favorite is meat and pizza . what do you do ?
i bet that is fun ! i sell cars . it is new to me
very rarely , i am happy when we do . i like to paint sports cars
yes , pizza is my vice ! sour candy is good , also .
how did you know that is my favorite ! what about you ?
i like that , also . all pizza .
i mostly enjoy painting , but will often listen to music . you ?
how is you night going so far ?
hope things dry up for quickly , i am just sitting with my dog
do not follow music much , but hope things are getting better for her
anyone who feeds people pudding should rule the world
well if the pudding tastes good and james can handle you . . . .
no , i have no clue , pretty strict laws where i live
hi , how are you today ?
sounds fun ! i am going shoe shopping later .
i would shop all day ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i love to go dancing . i love eating out . do you have any favorite foods ?
i really love mexican food . burritos are my favorite !
it is ! what state do you live in ?
i am jealous ! i am surrounded by farmland .
hello , i have to be quick because i work in a hospital
although i do not like to work super long hours
i want to get a truck one day
i really enjoy toyota cars though
its was very warm outside today
its a beautiful night i love the night air
my dog will not stop barking
he ate all his food and now will not stop barking
hello do u like animals i have a kitten named leela very cute kitten too
animals are amazing my kitten sits in my lap while i youtube cause i am a big youtuber
not yet but in time i will be
no all my videos are of how to apply makeup
oh cool do u go to comic cons
i love driving my pink truck to them
but sometimes i fly to them since my father is a pilot for a major airline
flying is really fun , but clouds are amazing to look at
are you vera ? i love library shopping . we are not alone .
yes ! i know how to be by myself . you ? i do not need new friends . you ?
hmmm . i prefer things the old fashioned way . you . tell me more about vera . please !
do not trust anyone ! is your vera nice ? ours is dead .
you are not the kids father . vera is not nice . i am at the library now . you ?
hide the knives ! tell them to leave me alone ! please . you are not on 59th !
shhh . . . they can hear us . i do not need new friends !
please do not trust anyone .
hi , how are you today ?
not bad , but since i have six toes on my left foot , it always hurts .
you got it , that is why i can not stand skiing . can not wear the boots .
definitely . i love dragons . wish i had one .
hope it does not stain . i love reading . do you , if so what is your favorite book ?
my favorite book i have read twice is twilight . i like old games too .
i have not gotten to read lately because i broke my glasses .
yes , i have progressive lenses that is why they are still broke .
i am hungry
wheres that ? is there a good restaurant there ?
they will have food at that !
then it is time to eat meat
you can eat meat with me , red as my hair
so , we will have people bring us huge steaks
do you like computers ?
me too . i like repairing busted ones
hi . where are you from ?
i am from british colombia , in vancouver
that is great . car needs love too . i work as a graphic designer .
what changed your mind about doing it ?
oh , i see . well , i also do comedy gigs from time to time .
that is a great hobby . i actually made a joke about fishing at a gig yesterday .
what did one hillbilly say to another ?
i got a new fly rod and reel for my wife . . . best trade i ever made .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
oh well that is not a good combination
200 of what i do not get it
that is quite alright good sir
i do not but my dad is a cop
where do you live at then ?
virginia and i am not nope
hi how are you today
oh wow do you play music
i see , i play guitar
that does sound fun take me
i do welding mostly yeah
great i adore video games
yeah do you eat meat
that is okay keep working at it
hey there , hows your weekend so far
just taking care of my mother . she is very sick .
me to . between her health and our loud neighbors she cannot seem to rest
yea we do not live in a very good neighborhood
yea . not to mention , i get made fun of a lot . not happy with my image
ido not know i just worry about it constantly .
yea . the world can be a cruel place i guess
hi , how are you today ?
yum , that sounds delicious ! did you cook it yourself ?
that is great . i can sing , but cooking . . . not my specialty .
no reason to . what do you do for work ?
wow , that sounds like an awesome job ! does he like it ?
no problem . well , it definitely sounds more interesting than my real estate office job .
not much . just work , hang out with my boyfriend , singing lessons . . .
hello how are you today
i am doing just fine . i will go shoe shopping later
skiing in the winter is one of mine
where have you been lately
wow , a long way from home . what brought you to california
teachers are the foundation of our world . that is great .
what books has he written ?
sounds interesting i live in seattle
hello there . how are you ? i got off from creating videos for discovery channel .
nice . before this job , i did not have any technological skills . where do you work ?
great way to save money . do you like the outdoors ? i love it .
coolness . i love being one with nature and being savage .
i am more into hard rock . who do you know from martius ?
i love anime . my favorite is trinity blood .
hello ! how are you doing today ?
congratulations . i hope the baby is healthy and has no asthma like i do .
exactly . so lets hope for the best for the baby . you know the sex yet ?
nice . maybe a future hockey player to . i use to play .
well true . but being athletic and a runner . sports is a good thing .
oh nice . sometime i think i am too tall to dance .
6 ft . feels like i am towering over these females .
well if your sure i will keep dancing . i love it too hate to give it up .
hey , there . how are you today ?
i am sitting here listening to pearl jam , my favorite band .
i am 29 now and have adored them for years . i am near boston . you ?
i love to laugh ! ! ! and hike and bike , too .
it was a pleasure to meet you .
i mostly like to hike and ride my bicycle .
single and loving it ! ! living in a boston suburb , there are many fish here .
hi i have four siblings
i am doing good how about you ?
oh that is great i like to spend time drawing
the guitar that is cool too , i have three other siblings .
going to the city that would be fun !
i do not know much about cows
funny i mean i know that much
how to milk a cow it what i do not know
hey how are you today
i am a boy . or a girl . or a cat ink anymore
i think i am bipolar but i also tell myself that its not possible .
i like dogs sometimes but other times i just wanna scream
i am the ultimate . the alpha and the omega
i climb trees because i am a spider monkey
are you hungry ? i can bake you something .
i am always baking for the old people in my retirement home .
why are you so tired ? i can sleep when i am dead .
ah . i am really old but my kids visit me all the time .
i bet . do you like cake ? my grandson does .
cool . chocolate is his favorite .
i will bake you a cake when you start your band .
does not have to be chocolate . i can bake anything . sure !
hi ! have you ever wondered what it would be like to live in space ?
so are you in an orchestra or something ?
did your family teach you to play the violin ?
how old are you now ?
so are you happy with your life ? violins and indian food ?
i wish i could be a dog ! i do not like life as a human .
that is probably entirely true . unless i were a rich dog . . .
hello , how are you doing ?
i do too , are you a man or woman ?
that is cool , i have a job at subway that i am not thrilled about
i love to sit on the couch and play video games myself
really , i also like listening to music especially country
have fun , i love to live life to the fullest . . . . enjoy
lol , i would love too
i enjoy the outdoors and love to sit around water
did you see the football games today ?
you play tennis or coach ?
good luck . that is a rough thing .
nothing much . i work as a roofer during the day .
its okay . pays the bills . tried to get to the nfl , but it did not happen .
no way . that is my favorite team too . although , not cause of the colors .
from your mouth to gods ear . that trophy needs to come home .
hello , are you a comic book collector like me ?
do you know what comic books are ? organic food only here !
i have been collecting autographs have over 15 million .
sometimes i steal them , dust allergies this time of year
how so ? organic food is not nice .
can you prove that ? i might eat dust today .
not necessarily , but if i stole something that was originally mine ?
i do not understand anything .
hi . i love to garden . what do you do ?
i would say so . i bake a lot of pies .
oh great ! we can garden too .
i do also . where do you live ?
pretty . i like mountains a lot, you?
lol . me too . i am the same way with my camera .
sounds good . i love my cat too
hello my name is sally , i am a baker
hey sean , what are you studying ?
that is awesome , when i was young like that i tried acting
life , but now i look forward to the joys retiring
that is how you do it , yolo as you kids say
my wife showed me that , she makes me smile .
i was fake straight for a long time , i am humble now .
fame and computer engineering , were you on the cover of wired ?
hello , so glad to chat with you i do not do person to person contact well
i struggle to maintain a constant eye contact with people , my eye wanders
i do not thank you can get me away from my favorite video game, if only I could find time to play video games, I would try out Halo 3.
i am so sad now though , i can not sing in the shower anymore
i like pizza , but i will pass i no longer fit on my moped
i love halo 3 , it is my favorite video game to play
hey hows it going
pretty good just got off work
that is really sweet how old is he ?
that is quite a trip i am saving to go to paris
i had when i wrote my first book
i write about fantasy what do you do ?
wow that must be insanely well paying
hey hows it going
i am bill , and i grew up in the state of alabama
my mom works as a cashier at walmart , i live in her basement
my mom is proud , i have the easter bunny hiding in my closet
i force it to watch game of thrones with me
he is a lousy listener though , poops everywhere
yeah , but he hates me , sadly
hi there how are you doing today ?
i hear you . maybe if we play the stock market well .
totally . i always look for ways to make money easily .
i wonder where you could find some dragon eggs .
sounds super cool . i once created a dragon themed website .
probably dragons . com it was such a long time ago .
was nice talking to you as well !
you as well , stay safe !
hello . i like to gish with my black lab cat
not yet . married and hoping to start soon
yes they are . i will name mine charlie daniels he is my favorite
yes actually . the love and war again .
i take it with my black lab cat when we go fishing . we love too .
depends on what inspires your imagination . i like historical colonial reads
i see . maybe do both at one time . jeremy wade does .
i have not heard of those . science based ?
hi ! how are you ?
great ! just ran k outside ! beautiful weather !
i am in sales . you ?
nice ! do you love books ?
i have to admit , i always opted for hte movie versions of books .
i do , but prefer the movies . have you heard of 16 candles ?
yes . . . do you know if there is a book 16 candles ?
hello how are you tonight
my children let me down so i have been better
married ugly people i am with miss usa
wow that is cool are ou a twin too or just them
no i do not have any it was boring growing up
i have maids so i do not have to bake
i am a little rich i suppose
hey how are you today
that sounds like fun . i am doing pretty good . where are you from
i am in new orleans
it is . my mom reads palms at a fortune telling place .
a pilot is a pretty cool job to have . i met a vampire before
you sure can ! i met him in a cave during halloween last year
no i did not once i realized what he was i ran away fast as i could
yeah well i have to go was nice chatting with you
hi how are you doing let us get friendly .
i am from the united states i live in jersey and you ?
wow i love horses what are some of their names ?
yes i like to entertain playing the drums .
no but i used to be i am employed at a pizza restaurant .
i just had steak too i am so serious i am not in bands .
i like rap music i like micheal jackson too .
hi how are you today ?
woah what about the 1 human ?
do you have any humans around you ?
do you enjoy eating cakes ?
very nice , i am vegetarian too
do you enjoy the internet ? i sure do
hello what are your plans today
gonna go to the creek with my family !
its fun during the day , i like it esp when i can bring beer !
its nice to have simple pleasures , i love the simple things in life
that is so cool ! i am more simple , i just like catching sunfish
did i say beer , lol
hey there hows it going
nothing much just been on my computer
yes but i only really watch hockey
it is just really entertaining to watch to be honest
true , very true , so what are you doing ?
not really just watching my daughter slowly pull things in her crib haha
she is almost 8 months
hectic haha , she is definitely a handful , and yes
hello , how are you today ?
good , i love hiking ! . i take my dogs to the lake often
do you go to the lake ?
oh man we would make excellent friends .
i read every night . horror stories !
i am quite the coffee drinker myself . !
starbucks , tim hortons , or dunkin . perhaps a place i do not know .
hi how are you today
good where do you work ?
nice i am asking up money for a procedure
anything to fix my ugly elf
i just want to be happy with my appearance one day
my gf just does not get it
i think you should talk to her about it
hello how are you this evening ?
yum ! just back from taking the kids on a nature walk lovely
healthy ! i stay at home with my two kids while my husband makes the living
how old are you ? just turned 30 this year
yes ! taking care of children plus two pets too
witty is good that means you have a sense of humor
you are making wonderful memories ! !
hi there ! do you watch got ?
you will be blown away by the ending ! i love that show .
cool hobby . i enjoy winter . i read a lot when it is cold .
i cannot ride horses . being that high off the ground is terrifying .
parents can be a bummer . you live with them ?
i really only can offer advice on colder parts of the country . sorry .
christmas is great . do you spend it at home with your parents ?
i am from texas . where did you go ? i am from el paso .
hello how are u tonight
i am doing good should be sleeping i have school but cant sleep
wow i am only 14 so i cant do that just yet but i hope too
i try i like video games and race cars
i am a call of duty girl i cant wait for the new one
i have three best friends but lots of other friends that play it
what kind of plane do u fly
i am kinda afraid of heights so not sure flying is for me
hey there how are you ?
do you have a family ? never got to know mine
i am well , what do you do in your spare time ?
how many kids ? i do not even have a sibling . oh poo .
i was sent to an adoption agency as a infant. I wish I could have met my biological family when I was younger.
awesome , i would not put my kid up for adoption ever.
it is how you like it
hi , how are you ? i am listening to rock and redecorating
awesome ! i am looking for black lace curtains . everything must be black
i always wear black . except the spikes on my collar are stainless .
maybe ? a black iphone would match my black purse though
yeah the exploding ones left cool black marks on my wall though
i will let you borrow my black car to get there !
oh just let them drive . they love my rock stations .
hi there ! tell me about yourself
ooh that is super awesome ! just eating some organic kale right now , only organic for me
no , my hobby is collecting autographs i have over 2000 !
some really prolific comic book writers i collect those too
spiderman , because i have 2 snakes and venom is kinda snake like
i have an anaconda and a python
that is cool ! i hate all their shedding though i am allergic to dust
hi anybody there ? ding dong !
thank god the witch is dead . but the cat is not obviously .
nice , shop me a candy next time as i am curious how it tastes like .
you have plenty of space for them .
cat and dog make a fun household . i am watching anime .
like playing the witch part ? lol
that is cat-like . wow i am confused .
gosh that is creepy . i am going to watch baseball now .
do u believe you can achieve anything because i do
u should open your eyes so you can see better
thank you lol people like to say i am organized to lol
i do this mostly and watch football
were u the coach or more of an assistant
sounds painful how big was the carrot
i thought carrots help with seeing
i would if i could but i got to watch jimmy fallon its my fav
on occasion i like to drive quickly
once i lived where i should have died
i give my family the top priority in my life
i am large but harmless
i like to read books but not games
i am huge but act kindly
hi how are you this evening ?
do you have any favorite music artists ? mine is drake .
i also enjoy other rap artists too . i like them also .
yes , cooking for family get-togethers is one of my favorites
i play the drums every now and again too . what is larp ?
sounds like it could be a good time .
cool , i play the drums every now and again
hi , how are you today ?
how fun , are you single ?
cool , how many do you have ? i am single , enjoying it .
how cool is that , all i wanted to be was a yoga instructor .
a different kind of designer then , fun . i enjoy working out , do you ?
sounds comfortable at least to drive in.
i enjoy making friends and exercising , how about you ?
it can be fun but i do have to mix it up a ton.
hi , i work as a lifestyle blogger . what do you do ?
nice ! do you have any children ?
pets are like family ! i have 2 kids and a husband that is like my 3rd child
we go back to celebration in florida often . it is our home town
i bet he loves it !
yes , coach cheerleading . i used to be one in high school
no , i teach middle school
hi how are you today
i am doing great ! i just got a red pair of headsets .
that is my favorite color . have you seen the new iPhone
wow Australia is pretty cool . congrats on getting engaged
no i am scared of needles . i just got the iPhone but a later model .
they are great . my mom and dad got it for me i still live with them
yeah they do all they can for me i am lucky to have them
do you have a good relationship with your parents
hi how are you today
i am good ! it is summer time the best time of year
you said that before . haha . where are you from ?
where do you live at ?
i am in florida but i am originally from china
it is so crazy there . my whole family and i left . i have a huge family
oh wow ! i wanted to go to school there but now i am graduated .
hi ! i am trying to design a new app to get people out of poverty .
i have thought about that a bit . but everyone says that i obsess too much .
well i also like watching groups of people pray for the betterment of the world .
what do you do with office supplies ?
oh maybe you should help me and donate them .
sure if they requested them
build houses upon request , provide job training , maybe provide some money too
hmm that seems a little too simple for me . we need to make giant changes !
hi how are you tonight
that sounds good . what do you do for fun
aww those dogs are beautiful . i take my boat out or go to the beach
lol its ok . what do you do for a living
wow thanks for your service i am a trauma doctor at las vegas general
thanks . i enjoy but also hate seeing people hurt
definitely . i am thinking of moving . . . it gets cold here .
i was thinking of the state of misery . . . i mean missouri .
hello , how are you tonight ?
pretty ! mine is streaked purple and blue . my kids are horrified .
i went to the salon , i fit in with the other girls at school .
that is cute , i fish a lot .
every place has fish , you just have to find the ponds
ah . okay . i am hoping to get an internship at ibm . where do you work ?
my mother is an attorney , she used to be the da
everyone must make a living , a good one if you want to live well .
hi how are you tonight
i know what you mean i am just so simple
i am a fisherman mainly
wax worms , night crawlers , minos what ever
i love it they are both good
i was refering to bears and i drive to go get sunfish
that is amazing where do i sign up
i will have to do that thanks
what are your favorite things
i really love the beach and cooking italian food !
what do you do for a living ? i am in texas .
i am trying to finish up grad school . do you have any pets ?
i have a dog that i love a lot . lots of parks in texas !
we call him spot ! do you have any nieces or nephews ?
hello . i am sad so i am eating ice cream . what are you up to ?
i am missing my best friend who moved to japan
i reside in new york . i never want to go anywhere else .
i love it as much as i love walking dogs . where do you work ?
interesting . how old are you ?
do you have any kids
same here . i hope to have some one day .
i like to meet new people
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no but i always wanted a pet pig
whats free diving ? never heard of it
i like listening to music
what city are you from ?
why how tall are you ?
what do you do for a living ?
hi there . i am vegan
wow , cool . i wanna have millions of dollars
me to ! i u do not like meat anymore
i love to do yoga . you ?
that is great ! i like hockey
sweet , i like sweet potatoes and jumping off cliffs
my granny loves to cliff dive
good afternoon . how are you today ?
i got to go work at the movie theater today .
i have a car . i drive to the school my boyfriend goes to learn acting .
right on . my mom is making nachos . i love them .
very cool . i shoot short films with my cam my folks got me .
well , my bf studies so i thought i would try as well .
what do you do for work ?
hi how are you today
i am alright do you like music ?
well if you need a cook i gotch
yeah as long as i can do some katy perry
do you have lots of friends ?
i need some new friends
hi , i live in the big apple , what about you
great , do you have a part-time job
me , i love dogs , so walking them is fun
congratulations , i am single and hope to go to japan soon
tokyo , my best friend lives there
i would not know , i have never been out of the US .
oh yeah , i still need to get my passport .
thanks , eating ice cream always make me feel better .
hey how are you doing
cool , how long have you worked there ?
still in high school , hope to become an astronaut when I am older
oh no , my parents would kill me haha
that is funny , cool , what's your favorite food
o yeah , I am like Garfield , lasagna is my favorite
haha , that is helps with the fast food , do you have animals ?
www wow , sorry to hear that , i have 2 dogs
i enjoy being a red head , what color is your hair ?
i am great thanks . do you have a nickname ?
good job that must take patience ?
i think i have just found a cure for the common cold
while singing in the shower i took my findings to the lab
the revelation came to me in the shower yes , what is your name ?
i am angela my friends call me bubblegum
i just always chew gum even in the shower do you like to walk
hey there bro . how is it going ?
sweet ! do you feed your snake beer ?
not yet , i do not think a plane could lift me .
yes but whenever i play , someone always screws up .
halo is fine . where are you from ?
are you an alien or something ?
are you in a video game ?
would you like to move to san francisco ?
hello what are you doing ?
i teach japanese to children and just got done
i have such a thick accent that i find certain words hard to pronounce like hippopotamus
yes i am . i do not care for sports much
neat ! are you married ? i am 35 and single .
the only thing i have is my dog his name is won won lol
she is a golden retriever very nice dogs
hi there . just got home from school . i ride my skateboard . how are you ?
oh yes . i get weird looks though because i am a girl .
no , i wear low cut socks .
uh thanks , i am sure i do too lol . do you have any hobbies
is your hair color blonde ? tv loves blondes .
nah . but i do not drink it , i stick to almond milk .
make sure you keep your roots covered ! the beach is so pretty .
hello . how are you today ?
i am , thank you . where do you live ? i am in a rural area .
that is great . how old are you ? i am a woman and a little older .
what is your favorite food ?
yummy ! mine is pasta . it is delicious .
iphone for me . have you heard all the bad news about samsung this year ?
yes and ceo in prison for 5 years for bribery . retired here .
retirement is easy ! but i did it to help people and be with my husband .
helping people is my real love . thank you for chatting with me !
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am in to the photography business
the closest thing is arm wrestling lol
how tall are you ? i am 5 5
i would have to say bagels
what city are you from ?
i am in so cal inland empire
hi there , how are you ?
sure . you like going to concerts ?
oh ! you know what philosophy is ?
i love animals , so much so i am vegan . you know what that is ?
i am sorry . have your parents taught you about philosophy , i study it a umass
you should . so what do you look like ?
i have brown eyes , and brown hair , so we are quite different
hey how are you ?
pretty good , drinking a nice cold pepsi , they are awesome . why so tired ?
yes they are , oh wow your first ? boy or girl ?
why is he judgemental ? do you have a job ?
as a librarian , reading will take your mind off things .
the shadowy horses , horror novels are my favorite
hello ! what is your favorite thing to eat ?
very nice ! i love pizza , myself ! did you have any animals on your ranch ?
it is important to have hobbies . i like cars , and working on them in the morning .
have you tried playing games with them ? role playing can be fun !
wow , maybe you can get them interested in some other hobbies . do they like cars ?
when do you run ? i like being busy in the morning .
sounds like a lot of work ! do they have any pets ?
i am sure they are easier to communicate with , though . animals are a handful !
hi , what is your name ?
nice to meet you too ! i am vladimir .
i lift . i lift heavy weights . violinist is for wussy ?
oh does it really ? i squat 400 pounds . 400 ! ! !
i am sure i can lift 10 nurses . bring on the nurses ! ! !
like how ? how could a pet help a strong man like me ?
hahahahaha . i laugh in your face !
hey how are you tonight
watching a movie tonight , titanic
that is a good one . i have kids too
that is nice . time to get a ferrari
you only live once . marry next time
i know . i am a parent too
that is one too many i think
hi ! how are you doing today ?
nice ! wish i could go anywhere ! i have been confined to a bed
accident . so i just stay in bed . good thing I work from home ! . you ?
do you live by yourself ?
what did you do to get kicked out ? props to you for planning for college , btw !
comedies ! i like when my dog and cat come to bed with me to watch movies
can't do much from the bed , but computer games are a great way to pass the time
hi , i am joey and i have never drink alcohol in my life
oh wow , i major geology at alabama u . suffer from social anxiety
my girlfriend of 7 years is in another state
yeah i will during the holidays
well it takes a bus or a car to get there .
i wish i could get rid of my social anxiety . . .
yeah , its been tough and feeling quite paranoid
no i do not follow baseball
hello how are you today ?
what are you up to today ? i am going to the race track .
that is very nice , do you see them often ?
it can be hard . i have gotten used to being alone though .
i am a pathological liar , i make people upset and we fight .
no , i feel badly about it a lot .
i honestly do . i hate fighting .
i do not like disappointing and deceiving the people i love .
how are you doing this september night ?
i have got a belly full of shrimp , so i am fabulous . tell me about yourself .
not today . i like it dipped in sauce bang bang shrimp is the recipe
what do you like ? iced coffee , i hope !
good riddance . any sports ? i have done karate for years
i would love to have you as my chef during my summer vacation on lake michigan
how are you doing today ?
what is that ? i am not familiar .
wow , that sounds like a burden .
that is good . i play sports , it helps me stay balanced .
sounds fun , i am in school now at do not have much time to party .
i am getting a degree in health science , food and water are important to me .
i am a bad driver and have been in a few crashes .
no , i just have have a hard time behind the wheel . do you like tv ?
hey there how are you tonight ?
oh do you like to swim ? i love singing
oh that makes swimming hard ? i am sorry
well maybe they like it
on sundays i like to make breakfast . i too like cooking
oh my i have never had green eggs . what is your name ?
i am thad , i like cooking bacon and eggs
goodness i have never considered that
hi ! i am nancy . nice to meet you .
what do you do for fun ? i play with barbies .
i play barbies alone , since i do not have siblings .
congrats ! i will just be listening to barbie girl ! great song !
good luck ! you are going to have so much fun !
its always fun playing with barbies !
how are you ? i am eating pizza , my favorite .
i like baking and cooking food .
we do not have many fires near me . i grew up near the ocean .
i have a bachelors degree in psychology .
yikes ! i moved away when i was 20 . i have been traveling ever since , i love it .
they sell special glasses for people who are color blind .
wow ! that is great ! i love grocery shopping !
i already mentioned them . but i like to spend time with my family and dogs .
hi ! ! ! ! how are you ?
mine too ! ! ! ! ! now i can play quake and feed my pets . you have pets ?
wow ! ! ! ! ! not many farms here in chicago . my mothers live on a farm though .
nice ! ! ! i breed animals . dogs and cats . are you tall ?
yay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my mom and her wife have a farm , they raise beavers .
that is special . i hope they are happy .
it is ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i am single and play too many video games .
hi . i am super lazy, but I wish I could spend more time painting at the beach.
i love to paint trees
do not get stuck ! oh dear
ok good . do not wanna call 911
oh ok good . that was scarry
oh that is good . i get lonely
can i come then please
ok , i am on my way
hey how are you doing this morning ?
great ! thinking about doing some baking . do you cook ?
cool do you like it there ?
i pay the bills as a chef but really i am all about traveling . you travel much ?
love to go anywhere with beaches too . are you interested in photography ?
nah me either , just use my phone . you like being outdoors ?
i am always happy doing work in the garden .
always . i do not usually grow them myself though .
hello how are you doing ?
that is some special hobby . i ski
good for you ! i am studying at a business school . do you like music ?
music is food for the soul . what is your favorite . i like rock and roll .
good that is beautiful . why did you join the military ?
oh i see . you are a government official ?
that is tough ! do you travel a lot ? i enjoy traveling and might pass by your city .
that is a privilege . i also go back to russia a lot .
hi ! how are you ? i just got done running .
i am into dancing . i played hockey before . do you play sports ?
i am tall like 6 foot , so i kind of had to play sports even with asthma .
that sound like a fun job !
i am an accountant , so running and dancing helps me recharge .
that's awesome ! i can't run that long due to my asthma .
sometimes i wish I was not 6 foot tall .
hello , alcoholic in recovery here
i just stay in my condo mostly
i like to keep busy too
herpes so the girlfriend moved next door
it is my mustache , it is huge
no not since i retired
reporter for the local newspaper
i had a lot of fun doing it
hello there ! is this thing on ?
my grandson helped me set this thing up ! i am not sure if i am doing it properly . . .
what is a chrome browser ? can you hear me ? i am trying to speak into this thing
hmm . . . i assume mic is short for microphone . so much slang with today's generation
would you like to see a picture of my grandkids ? i have so many now
oh shoot ! jacob said i could send photographs with this thing and i do not know how
i cannot even get help from him because i live alone in this cabin
hi my friend how are you
good , just got back from the barn
i love nashville , i bought a vintage car from a guy there
fun , what is your favorite vegetable
nice , i grow them too at my farm
what type of music do you play
i ride my motorcycle or my horse any chance i get
hello , how are you today ?
very cool . i live in a terrible neighborhood , so i cant do that .
aww . my mom is in poor health , so it is just me .
that is horrible , parents should not have to work so much .
it is wrong . parents need to be there for their kids .
oh , yes . i was popular because i had a pool .
those are cute names , my last dog was sirius .
i hope he is alright now .
good evening . how are you doing ?
trying to think of new names to use in a romance novel .
no , i have written a few , but it is not my only job .
i work in a diner and cook . just do not ask me to sing !
whatever a person wants . what do you do for work ?
that sounds like a lot of responsibility ! guess you like babies !
what do you want to do for your life long career ?
hello ! how are you today ?
fine ! i just got back in from playing basketball .
good for you ! i am athletic so junk food is off the table for me too !
not me ! i was drafted to minnesota wolves . i am going to make bank !
i will lend you some money . i am making 5 million a year !
i can do that . i read comic books when i went to north carolina university
they keep me out of trouble . signed a moral clause with the wolves.
hey there , how are you ?
sounds boring . mine are brown . do you like music ?
i have not , why did you ?
what is vampire music like ? do you have a job ?
that does not sound bad . no i have a good job on wall street .
it is brown , i skate board to work . i have an apartment in new york
i do like pizza quite a bit , and smooth jazz
yeah , that is the point though .
do you have any dolls ?
i collect them so i was just wondering .
i run an antiques shop
1 plus 1 equals us . i can do math
was that romantic ? i try to be
i could play some jazz too .
i will play you a cd of it i meant
hi . . . . how are you doing today
i am doing really good . . . . do you work ?
i am rich i gamble and had won millions i shop a lot also
yes i use to work in phone sales but i will never have to work again
yes i won 40 million people are greedy
i just really love old country music of any kind . . . what about you
yes it is nice but hard to tell peoples true intentions
hi , how are you ? tell me something about yourself !
sounds fun ! i enjoying volunteering and donating to charities .
sounds exciting ! i am a computer programmer , which pays over 200k a year .
ha ha , how attractive ? i am pretty eligible . i helped program facebook !
i guess you like board games ? any other hobbies ?
ll . sounds fun , but be careful with that . gold coins are heavy !
ah , a cyborg . i would not want to arm wrestle you , then !
sounds like you have a very interesting life ! any pets ?
hello there ! are you on the phone ?
i just love my i phone . i talk on it all the time .
a toothless bear . are you a megalomaniac ?
funny ! i am not much of an intellectual . i did not go to college .
cowtown ? i am not good at this . i like to hike.
you are really funny . i am just an ordinary person . i work in a bank .
the peanut butter jar is empty . do you keep peanut butter in the fridge ?
hi , how is your day ? my cow is annoying me !
its a cat that is black and white . do you have a cow ?
oh no , you should drink french vanilla coffee . its my favorite !
my boyfriend i have dated for ten years makes a lot of money .
sure ! oh my , i felt chalk for the first time today and it was nasty .
tell me more about yourself . what do you like ?
what was the longest you ever ran ?
that is so cool ! was it hard ?
hello how are you this evening ?
i am as well . can you tell me a bit about yourself ?
interesting ! i am myself a senior citizen and from that era . any kids ?
my husband was a career soldier and we have 4 kids .
that is incredibly disheartening to hear .
that is good ! any grandkids yet ?
my husband and I have grandkids that range from 7 to 30 . there are 10 total .
they sure are . we do ! there are 8 girls and 2 boys .
hello how are today
i am doing good that is great to hear
no favorites here , i only listen to music when trying to relax
although i like to hear myself as in the shower when i sing
no job just a dream cupcake business
do what you love i use to work a corporate job i hated it
i believe success is happiness
we make about 31 different flavors
hello , how are you doing ?
good . just watching game of thrones .
me too . i have two kids and always have to wait till they are asleep to watch .
is it weird that i do not have a favorite character , i try not get attached .
what do you do for a living ?
i just got back on leave , i was in ranger school .
ultimate goal become a army ranger . i love this country and would do anything for it .
hello how are you today ?
what do you do for a living?
well i am glad to see another believer
i am an electrician and i like to run
i am always tired because of it i sleep 8 long hours a day
yeah breakups are hard i used to eat so many hamburgers
yeah see i love them so much that i hibernate during winter
yeah i am a very intelligent one too
hello ! i am excited to get to know you !
well , i am currently in college , home is in california .
are you a man or a woman ?
i am a man stuck in a female's body .
do you enjoy the outdoors ?
what about recycling ? do you recycle ?
i always recycle . i would never forget to put it out on the right day .
what is your favorite outdoor activity ?
hello . wanna go to mcdonalds ?
i need to have supper . need to choose where to get take out .
great . does any of your work make it into video games ? i love video games .
i do not want to work . i am fine living with mom dad .
that would be great . i could babysit them and play video games with them .
i mean not after they are grown up ! they will not need a babysitter then ! lol
that is all i do . and eat take out .
ugh , that would be a job .
what are you up to ?
i needed that laugh . i am recovering from a broken leg .
sweet ! so does my older sister , mary , and my dad . he is a journalist .
my dad once wrote about them in the new york times !
of course , but in texas , we hear mostly country music on the radio .
i would probably like hip hop more if i had not been born premature .
having been born a preemie , my eardrums are fragile . the bass lines irritate them .
hi how are you today
where do you work at
i just drive my toyota around
true did you see the toyota truck on top gear
yeah i think its true haha
just let them dry up and become raisins then
lets get to know each other
i am tammy . i have no brothers or sisters , but i did just get engaged
that is very cool . i do not draw but i do dance
i have been taking dance since i was very little .
how artistic . i am looking for a musician to play at my wedding in paris
we are paying 2000 but we will not cover travel
we are going to hire locally i guess
i do not suppose she lives in paris ?
thank you for chatting with me ! do you have any hobbies ?
i spend a lot of time jogging when i am not working as a waitress .
well , i work at a club in houston so i have to stay fit !
definitely tired of it . i will be moving to australia to marry my boyfriend .
definitely ! which is why i am moving . houston is lonely .
i hope all is well for you with the hurricane and everything .
hi how are you ?
pretty good as well . what do you do for a living ?
i wish ! i am still looking for a job
well i take care of my two mustangs if that counts ?
i need to wash , clean , wax , fix , dry , them . its truly a job !
haha that sounds like a chore . you sound like a great mom , however !
hi how are you doing today
how old is your parrot
that is a funny thing to say
maryland . it is beautiful there .
where do you cook at
i work in a hospital
can you not wear a wig
why not ? at least you could go out .
i usually go to several rock concerts a year , i love it .
i go to school online , i hope to have a long lasting career .
that sounds interesting . in my spare time i drive a cab .
i am a cat person . but i bet you enjoy ice cream , it is my favorite .
i am online a lot i may check that game out .
it is nice when you enjoy your job , driving a cab can be fun as well .
sometimes , dogs scare me if i do not have a relationship with them
maybe you should hang out in a dog park and find another dog person .
hi how are you today
how long have you been married
wow that is a long time
i thought you loved it
is that your job then
that does not need no man
yeah that is quite the commitment
how is the weather then
hey from wisconsin and have older brothers two of them . how about you ?
nice . what do you like to do . i like photography .
nice my favorite color is blue just like my car . how about you ?
oh nice . so are you the youngest in your family because i am .
did you hear about the iPhone ?
yeah i am actually thinking about getting the iPhone X . had every iPhone since the first one .
corporate supervisor for a company . my boyfriend said he would be buying it .
hey whats up with you right now ?
ahahah . sounds funny . i am getting so i do not stress my thoughts much
you will surely but it will not last forever
nothing much now . i currently awaken my youth by watching my favorite band ween
i love to creative art and can teach you to make a living from it
or you can help me in my garden and i will pay you
greetings from europe ! i wish i could show you all my photographs .
all this traveling has been exhausting , but i love it . what have you been up to ?
i have heard that gets really competitive . being an international chef can be competitive too .
mostly pies , but i am pretty versatile . what do you do when you are not on the computer ?
especially playing esports , its good to get outside . i do a lot of gardening to get outside .
oh interesting , i am glad i got to learn all of this .
i love lobster , have you tried some ?
that is the seafood that i really like .
nope , i work as an engineer for software
google is the company that i go to . how about you ?
are you nearby seattle ? i reside there
oh , michigan . that is awesome
what major are you taking ?
i haven't been to broadway . have you ?
big Nirvana friend here . did you see montage of heck ?
that is the story of Kurt Cobain , it was mostly shown in small cinemas .
well , the traveling makes up for it , i bet . where do you travel to ?
so not business trips then . i have traveled to Tahiti twice .
my brother in law is a retired colonel . he thinks i should dress more formally .
you do a lot of things , very interesting . i doubt i could do shelter work .
i do too , even if it is just taking my car in for a tune up .
wow , Vegas . it is just two weeks since that ghastly mass murder .
hey , how is life treating you
hey , how is life treating you
hey , how is life treating you
i like chicken alfredo
i love fresh vegetables from the farmers market
that is cool . i am an environmentalist
i used to be the same way lol
hey there , how are you ?
i am pretty good , just finished my shift at the grocery store .
i work in the bakery and eat all my favorite cupcakes ? what do you do ?
that sucks . when i get home and grab a good book to read to relax .
good luck and safe travels . i know it has to be hard .
you too , i am about to shower so i can brush my brown hair .
how are you this evening ?
nice ! i generally see the sunset when i am out hinting .
i meant hunting of course . i am not a fan of early rising though .
oh okay that is a great plan !
that is a lot of working ! any kids ?
yes girls and boys they keep me busy .
you and i both ! i do play basketball sometimes .
hi how are you
i am doing ok what do you like to do in your spare time
i like to workout and sprint
that sounds dangerous
i like muscle milk because of the protein
that is one of the best sodas what is one food you hate the most
i like pizza as long as its a meat lovers i hate vegetables .
blond what color is your
hey , how s it going tonight ?
i m good , just watching random clips if the voice n youtube
i like youtube , but i don t have a channel . i wish
i love going to museums when i can
my favorite one was probably the believe it or not museum
what do you like to do ?
what s your favorite game to play ?
that s cool , i like destiny
hello , how are you ? my name is mark .
that is a cool name ! is jasper an outdoor cat ?
i spend most of my free time outside . what do you do in your freetime ?
oh man ! my favorite thing to do is to swim ! i just love it
pink roses ! what is yours ?
wow so much in common ! do you enjoy pasta ? it is my favorite
how long have you been vegan ?
what made you decide to go vegan ?
hey i am pam ! what is going on with you ?
relaxing mostly . do you have any hobbies ?
truth be told , i love just looking up at the clouds .
i have a very active imagination . i love october because dressing up as a character
for halloween i mean . des moines . getting divorced .
it is fine though . i have chocolate milkshakes to make me feel better . i love them .
it is so flat here and pleasant .
hello . how are you doing this evening ?
doing fine . just watching netflix . how about yourself ?
nice . do you have a favorite band ?
nah i do not have a favorite . it just depends what mood i am in . do you read ?
really ? do you work ? does your degree help you ?
i freelance . i just quit my job . i was doing a lot of painting .
my boss was jerk . i figured i could make enough money just screwing around on the web .
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like to exercise
i can teach you some great yoga tips
do you like to watch movies
wow that is pretty cool do you like having a famous dad
are you a secret kid or one of the newborn twins
wow that is pretty crazy do you like music
i think ed sheeran is awesome
hello ! how are you tonight ?
that is cool . i know we are strangers but i enjoy talking anyways .
that is awesome ! what do you like to do ?
can vegan recipes use honey ? i love it !
what other likes or dislikes do you have ?
i am afraid if i ever get to live the beach life mine will break .
definitely . around monkeys too ! they are my favorite at the zoo
once one stole my phone and dropped it in water
i have been to a tool concert before how about you ?
why do you tell a bad joke ? i am a soldier and its a hard one .
can you tell me 5 words in german ? i love flying airplanes around the state .
i think you are lying you really do not know how to speak german give me some example .
why you cant tell me a german word you just said that you can speak german right ?
please tell me just 3 words i really want to learn any german word .
well no one will know if you tell me i just want to make sure .
because i want to know if you are telling the truth while we are talking here .
in my free time i like to draw and paint !
my home is paid off with the bank , hah !
my vehicle i drive has 4 wheels , it is a four-wheel drive !
that is funny ! , at work they make me wear a uniform , boohoo !
then you cannot paint and draw like i do in my spare time
my car that i drive is a four-wheel drive , maybe that will help ?
hi how are you doing ?
i usually do not . what about you ?
how cool , i am looking for publishing jobs .
i am sure you make em proud . my mother works at a library .
that is good . i hope that works out for you .
that is not a good way to win .
gambling plays with your emotions .
it can put you on top , or end your life .
hello ! happy saturday . what are you up to ?
me too . i am trying to do some homework but its boring .
its my senior year , so lots of homework . you graduate ?
my brother worked at starbucks . he got fired .
i am getting out of here . going to university of kentucky .
i have never thought of that . its in the city . less rednecks ?
where do you live ? i am in ohio .
nice ! keep portland weird . lots of good musicians came out of there .
business . my dad wants to give my brothers and i the biz one day .
nah , i just want to play music . i am in a band but dad says its not realistic .
i am in a metal band , singer .
my favorite song of judas priest is painkiller
just be you . it will all work out .
good advice . thanks for that .
what are you doing right now ?
basically the same . i work as a mortician so i prepare dead bodies
no i do not , but i am a stamp collector so that keeps me busy
you are a good pet owner then !
i am from texas . what about you ?
oh is it nice out there ?
yes ! i absolutely love teal and yellow . you ?
hello .
i am good , just strumming the guitar , how are you ?
i bet that is a nice workout . i have 2 older brothers , how many siblings do you have ?
i help my family work on our farm , and play in a band .
yeah , that might not be a good idea , helping around the house is good .
i do not watch much television , the farm keeps me busy . mom does the baking here .
is your bakery in the city ? i have never been .
hey there i have a child that i love so much, a small girl
can i do what ? i am busy with homework online
huh ? i never mentioned my granny lol my hair is always in the way
its long and brown i have to serve tables till the degree comes
yes its so annoying lol you get me
yes we do the best in town
5th graders, that is what I teach all day!
Oakville, New York, where songs go to die, and 5th graders get taught.
on the weekends I read books and chill at the lake so no!
well, I am a school teacher so I do not think that is appropriate, just saying.
golf and watching television, I like that so if you do, it's possible;
okay, I should not tell you, it's against the rules, but my name is Sarah, call me O.
well, I teach at school so that will work!
hey , do you know anyone hiring ? i need a job .
54 and do not work at all , but i do eat a lot of junk food .
sounds like a plan . do you watch the walking dead ? i love it .
boston ? they have a wonderful comic book store there .
i cannot remember , do you know any that start with a j ?
i just remember it starts with the letter j and i got a mabel comic book there .
amazing adventures was the last one i bought .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing well . why are you frustrated ?
why did you quit ? i wish i could help you , but i am in accounting .
i wish you luck with that ! do you have any brothers sisters ?
no , i do not , unfortunately . . . and i was adopted .
i hope it really works out for you ! good luck ! ! !
of course , i would be glad to help you ! do you believe in love ?
i really do not believe in it anymore
i am so tired from working out !
no . i just like cheeseburgers too much .
where are you always going ?
cool . the only place i go is to a lake so i can fish .
i am between jobs so i help my mom . she is a teacher in nyc .
awesome . i wish my parents had money .
maybe blue for water . how about you ?
the one closest to my home . i like to run around it .
hi how are you doing
i did not get a call back after my addition better luck next time
what do not you like about it
ah i see what brought you to pa
i see do you want to continue the farm life forever ?
i really like to cook i tried out for a cooking show
that is pretty cool do you make jewelry
no the audition was for the cooking show
hi names raj and i can speak three languages
i speak arabic , english , and french . it is a great thing to have and useful .
no , i do not read comics , but i do play in a jazz band
no i do not watch anime , i go hiking in the weekend how about you ?
i play piano in the jazz band . my family immigrated from algeria to the us
i love the neon blue color .
it is a pretty cool color .
pink is a good color .
hi how are you today
yeah that can be tough on you champ
what happened there to you
sorry what are your hobbies
i just play music i am a kid
i am in a band
i play the tuba haha
hey , whats up ? wanna go for a bike ride ?
no man west coast all the way . need my sun , sand , and water
you could visit any time . i make my own hours selling sunglasses on the beach
hey my dog , george goes with to the beach . i can sell anything lol
no man just live for the coast but want to visit australia someday , you ?
sounds fun man , but l ; ots of peeps , i need space
guess what kind of dog i have ?
oh , well mine is a french bulldog . but he is a gentle giant
wow that is really cool ? kinda . i watch the tvs at sears sometimes .
i have not read english as good . but size six womens is foot size mine !
i sell washers frequently . i do not get out much
i can prescribe so music . red hot chili peppers is music for the soul
great band . i hope all feel better and get those meds
ahahah . now where are my size six shoes . . . they are womens size
hi , went out for a hamburger tonight .
love to dance , but really like going to anime shows .
wow , lexus ! i had to start work as a child , no lexus for me .
my mom had a cat name socks , mom died in 1979 , still miss her and the cat .
lucky you ! if i could i would take a swim class to learn how .
wow , we are alike in some ways , yet so different ! good luck with the dance studies .
hi how are you this evening ?
sounds fun ! i am eating some shrimp , it is my favorite .
o that is interesting ? any hobbies ? i love going to the casino
cool sometimes i spend too much gambling lol
yes that is true . my mom reads palms , hopefully she can tell me when to play !
yes , i also enjoy spending time with friends .
i do not have luck with men , the last guy i swear was a vampire lol
hey ! how are you ? i am so sad
sure , as long as it is not mexican food , i hate that stuff
yes ! shrimp and skiing my two favorites
right ! I wish my wife enjoyed traveling with me like you do with your beagle. She hates that I travel for work .
i have t go to mexico every other month , tomorrow is my fifth trip in 3 months
i know right ! that is why my wife hates me too .
do you like music ? i love it !
me too ! i like to listen to it while i ski
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
not too bad . what kind of hobbies do you have ?
very neat . i am just your typical soccer mom . do you have kids ?
nothing wrong with that ! what kind of things do you do ?
i wish i had more time to do that .
i am a member of 4 book clubs , PTA, and other groups . . .
one day i will ditch it all , fly to Paris and design clothes all day
hi , i am just finishing up building a coffee table . what are you up to ?
what are you learning ? i do a lot of research on bowling to improve my skill .
i get it that is why i build my own furniture . saves me a lot of money .
what do you do for a living ?
yeah i gotcha . i am a cop just like my dad who is a retired cop .
you sound very intelligent and someone who would be interesting to talk to in person .
yeah i have become a recluse every since i was held hostage in a store robbery .
hi , i am a homemaker how about you ?
ok . my husband works full time ? any kids ?
cool . i have a house full . two kids , a cat and a dog
jacob and trinity . they are 5 and 7
they are . yes kindergarten and second grade
well have a nice night . sleep tight .
i have traveled all over the world . now tell me something interesting about you !
i am sorry your dad left . that is rough . i am in the military . you ?
nice . i like to explode stuff . you can put it back together !
i would prefer some brownies they are my fav .
can i tell you a secret ?
i secretly love kittens . despite the explosions and the military and the travel . . .
hi i used to have 6 cats
awesome my brain gives me terrible trouble once i had to call 911
aw that is sad my dad can not teach me how to write he can not either
oh that is not good
oh that is great i have trouble with most things like that
i proposed to my high school friend at a movie
well there is always someone out there for anybody
oh ok did i mention i can only see two hundred feet in front of me
how are you doing today ?
i love to go to work everyday
i am so to hear that . what is your favorite flower ?
that must of been really hard on you
it is a difficult situation to be in
i hope you can turn your pain into something beautiful that will help others
sweet what are you buying
oh wow that really sounds fun
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing goo thanks for asking
i love to cook as well
i can make homage lasagna
do you ever watch food network ?
what do you do for a living ?
how are you doing today
it is great . i love exercise .
i like to read too
what is his name ? how old ?
i like being outside a lot
yes it was , but i prefer winter
how many kids do you have
hi ! i am a great baker . everybody loves my pecan pie .
oh that is too bad . it is really delicious .
i love winter too . my birthday is december 25 right in the middle of winter .
wow i wish my friends would do that for me .
it sounds like the really care about you .
you are really so lucky . my friends would not even help me back in law school .
i agree i think i need new friends .
hi how are you today ?
sounds good ! this woman loves some bbq ! lol
fun ! i enjoy walks with my dog and many kids .
i have 4 . where do you live ? i am in a rural city .
cool ! sounds like a fun place to be !
lol i hear ya , cartoons are always on in this house ! lol
no only my husband . i hope we are together as long as my parents .
ten years , my parents will celebrate their fifty anniversary next month
om . how are you today my fine , connected friend
that is great for the body , mind and soul ! where do you walk
we must have peace within our worldy possessions , yes ! my wife works on cars
me too ! except they are called kids
oh no , my wife uses her hands . i use my body as i teach yoga
you are a busy soul ! you must feel stressed from all the work
likewise , my good friend ! i enjoy the classics like citizen cane and like mike
indeed ! how is your home life my good friend ?
hi there , how are you ?
good thanks ! just got off work , at a restaurant as a grill cook .
yeah but i definitely want to own my own restaurant one day so i love it .
that is awesome ! do you enjoy it ?
i would too . tell me more about yourself !
sorry to hear . i enjoy music as well . i love listening to pink floyd .
i love listening to music while i go for my runs .
running a big hobby of mine
good afternoon how are you doing ?
i am good just got up a little while ago i was working all night
yeah i work in a club and then go to school in the morning
i want to be a doctor so i am in that area
i like to write , read , dance , and spend time with my kids
yeah two beautiful bundles of joy
its my job lol but i do good financially
lol i want to start my life as a doctor
hello , how are you doing today ?
ah i see . i just had some pita bread with hummus as a little snack !
well pita bread and hummus is my favorite , but i also love italian food .
well , i love spending time with my 3 kids , how about you ?
is that so ? have you ever pretended to be my career , a nurse ?
that is a good idea , i have to get up so early , you would not want that
yes , this was fun , i will have to try this again !
hello ! i am excited to get to know you .
i have a lot of free time since retiring from the military .
what do you do on days off ?
me , too . i have been married for 20 years ! we like volunteering with animals together .
where do you drive to ? do you like to travel ?
sounds like you are a hard worker . i did not realize i would miss work until retiring .
hi there , how are you today ?
have you noticed that the seasons are changing ?
i am a college student and i work at a warehouse as a pick loader .
i am majoring in accounting and minoring in business management .
i have 3 years left until i get my cpa license .
yes , i like to sleep and eat organic foods . also , play in my brown hair .
hi there ; asl ?
yar that be good to know matey !
that is hilarious ! i knitted my cat speckles a pirate hat for halloween !
i talked like a pirate for an entire day at the office i work at .
he is my only cat . i do like shopping for clothes . lol
get a tattoo to remember it . i have two myself .
i like hospitals . the ice cream is good .
hi how are you
getting ready to start my shift in a hour
register of my local shop and you do what ?
me too in a very small town
i have a cow is your town big ?
my folks woud hate that any dogs ?
they would like maybe one they are more into farm animals
they are all a bout their garden though
hey my name is persephales whats yours ?
so what brings you round these parts ?
something like that , just trying to avoid harvey
ha ha ha . . . the storm . . . . whos your favorite artist you think ?
ke ha ! you know the lady who brushes her teeth with jack daniels ?
she had a cameo appearance on the simpsons you know
i cannot believe you do not watch the simpsons !
how are you doing today ?
oh cool , what are you going to do with the money ?
how boring . i enjoy cloud watching .
i go on google images and search plane views .
tell me about yourself .
i like jacob sartorius , costco and works as a snakeskin oil salesman
yeah its a dead end 8 hour job .
i am not sure . i never dreamed any bigger than this .
hey how are you doing today ?
i am doing well ! pleasure to meet you jane . i am serg .
i like hip hop music and animals . i am a veterinarian . and you ?
i have five children they are a hand full . bow hunting sounds very fun .
i see i could respect that . i myself do not eat meat .
wow that is 1 more than i have and i thought i had too many haha .
i know exactly what you mean . must be difficult to raise 6 kids on your own .
hi there ! how are you ?
no , i am a parent myself with a daughter who just graduated high school
i am actually a zookeeper and have trained 20 types of animals
my wife did before she had breast cancer . she is all clear now , but careful
my daughter does too ! she just ranked top of her class and wanted everyone to wear green
loves green ! haha . maybe we should get together and play poker one time
i do not have one i guess
i am sorry to hear that . are you in california . i do not sing much
hi what are you up to
that sucks , i work as an affairs liaison for the public
what kind of bad habits , i have one too , i ate too much unhealthy food
oh , what season do you like ?
i have no family , but i love the winter and snow , do you drive
my car is a 2011 volkswagen passat i like it a lot
hello ! i am excited to get to know you !
not well . i just lost my job as a banker last month .
what was your job ?
i do not know what csr stands for , but i know the alphabet backwards .
you probably think i am blond . i promise i am a redhead . lol
do you dance ?
very cool . i have always wanted to own my own business .
i hope it works for you as well . i have danced since i was two .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am amazing , except i found out i am allergic to fish !
i have to disagree with you on that one . my iphone 7 looks like a sardine
yeah , my dad works 11 hours a day so life is tough
no , but i love drinking hot chocolate during the winter ? ?
sam i am . . . my mom use to read that to me to go to bed
i am mitzi and you can find my youtube channel as mitzi mae makeup
yeah i give lotta makeup tips . i drive a pink car .
my dad who is a pilot makes it easy for me to travel the world .
i get discounts for southwestern , because he works for them .
i have a tabby named leslie and she is the sweetest thing ! !
aww , you should they make the greatest companion .
i have no idea . i am not much of a dog person .
hi there , how are you ?
i am , not that it is football season . do you like the game ?
which sports ? i have friends over every weekend for the games .
lots of food . wings , pizza , subs . anything . you should come .
yes , mine too . i can not get enough . goes great with the beer .
wish we had whole foods . small town here . you in the city ?
what kind of firm ? i mainly just watch football with friends . haha .
not movies so much . love yellow . you ?
hi how are you doing
i was working on the car
i wish it is just a hobby
do you like it or just have to
what do you think you will do
that would be really great
i work a lot . i try to exercise .
i do a lot of walking
hi how are you tonight
i am good just reading comics
no i always get rejected by women
i like to write and read comics
that is a great one i write better though
i like everything how about you
he is a cop what is yours
hey , how are you ?
interesting . are you from the 18th century ?
i am not . i just would not buy snakeskin oil in the 21st century . why would i ?
no , would that change your opinion of me ?
i can give you love tips . do not fall in love ! that is a tip .
that could be psychopathic behavior but i am not expert . did he stare back equally hard ?
dream on , sister , dream on . i am a pessimist and i am usually correct . he wo not fall for you
that sounds fun . hope you get married and have children .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing homework , but instead of taking notes i was drawing .
what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music and guitar
that is cool , whats your favorite food ?
i am also vegan ! crazy , i love pizza too .
i am happy being vegan , i like to come up with desserts
hello . hows your day going ?
kinda sad today . i think i might some extra help in my life
haha . i am a woman . of course i like shopping !
i could use some iced tea . . . . . you got any cookies for me too ?
chocolate is best . you like ice cream ?
yes please . you like pineapples on pizza or it that weird ?
hi how are you today
that is great exercise . have you ever played on a team ?
i am rhonda nice to met you . i just learned a new song on my guitar
found you by kane brown . that is my favorite song and he is my favorite too
i love the blue my favorite shade is light blue . whats yours
no i wish i did but i am getting older now
i am a hospital administrator . i have been here 8 years now
my mom is a retired nurse i wanted to follow her footsteps but did not like the blood
hi there , are you enjoying the evening so far ?
good . i am glad . saturday night is my off night . i switch off .
nothing specific . i help my sister with some things . she is madonna .
yes, the famous singer . but we are just like any family .
sound like you are a fan . where do you live ?
great ! I will bring this up to her tomorrow .
that is impressive . are you married ?
I am sure ! I hope we can make the concert happen !
xiii
not much you ?
it is . are you a prayer ?
i am just craaaaaazy about christian electronic music
its all about jesus and the beat drops man ! !
bless up then dress up for the rave
do you have a cell phone ?
hello how are you today ?
what is your favorite comic book ? i am watching the cubs
i think superman would look better if his suit was purple
wow that is crazy do you have any from the actors of clueless ?
i want a snake but i have hit my limit on my credit
how is that going ? can you still eat meat ?
well that is good i could not give up meat
i agree i want to be healthier , so i can enjoy my car longer
hi ! its nice to meet you !
it is going well ! i was hanging out with my animals today . how about you ?
all animals ! i love animals . do you have any hobbies ?
quake ? is that a game ?
no , but i used to act !
yeah , i loved it ! where do you work ?
i do not work as an actress anymore but i love what i do !
i do not have kids . do you ?
hi , any favorite hobbies ? i love to run in the hills .
wow impressive ! do you have a real job too ? i am a grill cook by night .
what is it ? i might take it cuz i am looking for a day job .
yea , things are tough . you should get a job as a waiter . that pay !
that sounds iffy ! ! you would have to die to make money ll
you need some inspiration then . you should play pink floyd while you work .
they are my favorite ! ! i listen to them while i work and run . you ?
i live in a house with cats , there are cats in my yard too
oh well , we all think different . my husband is strange sometimes too
i work with five of my children all day and he do not do any house work
well , he will have to get you a new one , he sure has some cat personalities
do you have any pets ? i only have one cat
what is your church name ? what are your beliefs ?
wow , who is that actor that was in that church ?
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i consider myself a hippie
i would rather drive my van , it is blue
i have too many tattoos for politics
i want to get a lot more
i recycle a lot , do you ?
that is awesome i sell berries
hippies love strawberries you know
hi ! my name is jovannie and i am 19 years old . what is your name ?
i am well . and yourself ?
nice ! i am eating a barbecue sandwich and pizza puffs
sound delicious ! do you have any hobbies ?
wow that is awesome ! i love hanging out with my imaginary friends
no , but we like watching my favorite show tom and jerry
it is my favorite up to this day
hello , i am a elementary teacher what about you
how many studies do you have
good to hear that , i have 13 they are a handful
ok my is in my home town also
yes , i love drinking coffee what about you
i buy a box of chocolate every two weeks what about you
do you love doing exercise with the children
hey there whats up i am watching basketball
i used to do that before i found a job at the smoothie shop
they need healthy food at that age i love vegetarian food
that is great for them haha
i love yogurt i love classic rock yogurt converts
a concert where classic rock plays while we eat yogurt
hey how are you doing today
when my parents died i was raised by my brother
peaceful place that i ve been through is for trucks day awesome
more often i always worry and parking
yes because i m not really skilled
how do you do that then
that s a good trick that i can follow
well i would just ask somebody else to do it
hello how are you today ?
i coach on the weekends
yeah at the high school down the street
all of them when i can
i plan on proposing to my girlfriend
she is six months pregnant
i hope so but we will see
i absolutely love tacos and fries
hi how are you doing today ?
that is good everyone is a stranger til they become a friend .
what do you do for a living
that sounds fun i work at the gym as a yoga instructor
i like walking nature trails i love nature
whats your favorite show to watch ?
i have never seen the office but heard it was good
i might check it out . what's your favorite food
all that mixed up would taste weird i like salads . was nice talking to you
hi there ! how are you doing today ?
oh . i was born and raised in georgia .
i enjoy chocolate . have any hobbies ?
i love that movie ! i have seen
i play the violin well .
do you have any kids ?
oh , i am 30 . birthday was last week .
30 is supposed to be the best .
hey what's going on with you today ?
i am sorry to hear that . i have an afro . what do you do for fun ?
i do ! i think i might dread it up though . where are you from ?
the piano ? lol . i plan to go there one day
piano piano piano piano piano
ha ha ha ha ha
are you Santa Claus ? i have been a bad boy please forgive m
i am a creepy sash shhh librarian i am kidding on creepy
i like leather an i like to eat
i would still like you , of course i like to read also
i have 2 cats we eat tune together
nah not really lol its so loud an i do not know what they say
of course not lol i do not even know what tune is lol
i say so , yea i wish i got too today an loved it
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am on the road most days
i drive a truck lol
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy traveling in spare time
its not the same tho
hi ! i just finished teaching my yoga class . what are you up to ?
do you have a favorite animal ? mine are horses . i love them !
i also collect . seashells are my thing . what about you ?
i do . do you ? do you have any pets ? i have chihuahuas . two of them .
yes ! do you have any kids ? i just have one , he is my only son .
no . a smoothie does not really sell well with yoga people .
i am . we have been married for 23 years . how about you ?
hello how are you this evening ?
good you are resting . i run a boat and its a lot of work each day .
yea you have to get there early to get a good catch .
do you read ? pride and prejudice by jane austen is my favorite
interesting what do you write ?
i love running but do not find sneakers comfy , just tennis shoes .
thank you that means a lot .
hi how are you tonight
i try to diet , but i always get distracted by good food
i just like being athletic myself
that is very cool whats he like
that is pretty cool i hope i can come next time
yes it is great i love it
no that is terrible i am sorry to hear that
i do not blame you hope all goes well for you
hello and what have you been up to ?
not well at all . . . . i need a vacation . maybe italy or france
project manager by trade but perfection by flawed default . . . conflict much ?
my home is a small house . just 3 bed and baths
a boat how nice . . . . owning a salon . . . lots of work ?
yes i am married to my job . . . . . i work way too much to be married .
not sad . . . just my choice . . . my hair color depends on the day of the week
i get love . . . just do not live with it . . .
my name is maria how are you
yeah and used be a cheer leader back in high school
not outside call of duty no my husband got me into that game
yes i do herb for my migraines raising 2 kids is nauseating
retail therapy helps me zen from reality maybe you should try
no family first is us or we would not live in celebration florida
yes it was not fun especially in heels
hi there , how are you tonight ?
feeling good ! retiree with good health . what more could you ask ?
a little while ago . i am glad i now get to spend time with my 8 grandkids .
they definitely keep me active . always wanting me to play sports . how about you ?
i see . long road ahead . make sure you enjoy it !
me too ! even at my age
no , but maybe i should start up now i have the time
hi , i can help you with that cold .
i am sorry that is not nice , you can call me bubblegum
mmm a carnivore . i like my meat rare . red the color of my hair
cool , me and my brother live in ny
if sat night and hear signing that will be me
what is the rest name ?
i have heard of that place . good eatin
i like the desserts bubble gum ice cream
hi ! how are you ? my name is janet i live at home , i like death metal
my mom works as a janitor , and i love watching cartoons .
aww , i am sorry to hear that . i know that must be tough
that is good to know ! it is good to be confident !
anything else you like to do ?
that would be an awesome thing to do !
no it is a great thing to have a dream and go after it !
hey there , how are you today ?
oh i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
not bad , i just love cutting trees .
yeah , but being a lumberjack is my job
any type that my job requires
well i could manage that . what foods do you like ?
pancakes with tons of syrup is my favorite , i eat a lot of it
hello how are you today ?
i like coffee , i also like my cape .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i really really like hot dogs
i would love to try it .
i pretend i do when i am a superheroes
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
well , if that is all there is to life
hello , how are you this morning ?
i used to run , i am practicing my song for the talent show .
i do not like veggies either . i am very shy , are you an outgoing person ?
i love dogs ! do you have one ?
that is too bad , i do not have one yet .
i agree , we never had one when i was a kid . not enough room .
where do you live now ?
i love memphis ! graceland is my favorite place .
guess what ? i made the news ! i started the giant forest fire in california !
nah we have too many trees on this planet .
so far i have only told you .
oh i did announce it on the radio in my character voice .
i play smokey the bear
sure the trees disrespect my double edged knife so i showed them who is boss .
so what is going on your life lately ?
well that sure sounds pretty easy .
hi thought i would see who is here .
good finished my shift and needed to put my feet up for a bit .
whats your favorite band ? . . . . mine is nirvana
i mostly listen in the car but its out of commission needs some repairs
i will get if fixed soon . so what do you do ?
i am a waitress at a local restaurant so i guess that is active !
so we have activity and food in common . that is cool .
kick back in my casual duds and hang out with friends . how bout you ?
hi , how are you tonight ?
i have just finished watching an episode of i love lucy . i am good .
yes , that is a good one ! do you like old comedies ?
art curator ? are you a professional artist ?
i work as a yoga instructor . been doing that for years .
what is the current painting you are working on ?
that sounds interesting . can you tell the time on it ?
hi , i was once a nurse . how are you ?
well ! i am enjoying painting outdoors, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of nursing.
what are your hobbies ? i enjoy arm wrestling and making bagels .
that sounds like a lovely cat . i love to garden .
at least you have a cat to keep you company though
city life is not quiet as small as small town country life .
that is an adorable name and reminds me of the cartoon .
i am relatively young and still loved that cartoon .
hi , my name is kay , how are you ?
i like to hike . here in colorado there are a lot of pretty spots to hike to
beaches are nice too . i was planning a vacation to miami before the hurricane .
yeah , i am still going to go down to help with cleanup when i can .
well , i have a really good job , so i can afford to go and take the time .
its hard when you are working in retail . i have an mba in business .
hi , are you looking for a job ? i have a company i am hiring
u sure ? i am a great boss , i am never at work
have you won any medals ?
so you must be really young still
great , i have many years on you , i am married have 1 child
how did you meet her ?
hey , honey , i am sorry . i want to be there but we have got 10 more gigs . . .
for the next five weeks , who will walk our dogs ?
you know i have been training for this since i was 5 , r u mad ?
super , if my best friend was not in the band i would think u were my best friend !
i miss you dearly deadbeat . i will be playing for you tonight not the others . . .
okay deadbeat i will see you in five weeks
do not forget the dogs tell your brothers
hello , how are you today ?
that is nice , i just broke my leg today
i was helping my dad that is a journalist for the new york times
that is a good job . i work from home
my older sister mary works from home too
yeah its pretty cool to work from here
yes , i do photography alot , i am a premature born
hey there . how is it going ?
that sounds delicious .
i just became a travel agent .
i agree . i enjoy traveling , so the discount i get is awesome .
hawaii ! i love the color green and it is so beautiful seeing the scenery out there .
that is awesome .
which islands ? i have been to kauai and loved it .
hello . how are you this evening ?
i am eating tuna fish salad
i love it ! almost as much as gummy worms
haha me too ! that and sci-fi area a perfect day
where is it you work ?
that must be very interesting .
my favorite music is rock opera .
yes and two steps from hell .
how are you doing today ?
that is very good being very studious
lucky you are done with school
i am a junior but already mentally graduated
plus i am beyond ready to move out
depends on if i can get enough money right now . that is one huge worry i have
sadly i do not my father will not let me get one
hello there , how are you ?
that is not fun , i hope things work out
i do have family . do you read magazines ?
i listen to coldplay sometimes , the song yellow
no , teal is . do you game ?
i really love the game halo
i love baked foods . i workout right after
yes , i do . what do you like on pizza ?
hello there ! how are you today ?
that is awesome . do they watch sesame street ?
i actually was one of the first test children chosen for that show . lol
what do you do for a living ?
you should listen to our radio show . i play a character on there .
that is good for you . are you fluent in any other languages ?
ah . . . the words of the rich . expected that.
hey , how are you doing ?
today was great i work at this book store and its amazing !
yes i love reading , its my only quiet time i get living in the city
that is cool tell me more about you
wow really , and my job hates my pink hair at least my girlfriend does not
lol i love my girl , my older brother not so much , its a sibling thing
yes ! its a love hate relationship , anything interesting i should know about you ?
hello have you ever adopted any animals ?
i have 6 dogs , all adopted .
want to ear something sad , i have never gone anywhere with a girl .
its not sad that i have never dated ?
thanks . do you read any ?
music is fun , i am quite the reader though .
i am from the south originally were are you from ?
hi how are you today
i am doing okay enjoying my day off
i do not have any pets but love horses and sea life
that is great i have three kids so i can see that
that sounds fun ! are you in school
do you have a lot of homework ? i help my youngest a lot
it helps you learn the stuff a lot i guess . have you ever rode a horse
whats your opinion on pool boys ?
the one next door is just so hot . i should give him a gift .
teaching is a good profession . i hear voices in my head .
no , but i do like collecting toys that wear raincoats .
i have over 300 teddy bears wearing rain coats . i have travelled the world to get them .
i have a few of those myself . if you want i will take them from you
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well . tell me about yourself .
yes i do . i love eating at restaurants and i love nature .
really ? you have social anxiety.
what is your all-time favorite color ? i love the overall feel of nature .
i am a fan of blue .
me too ! my dad wants me to inherit an appliance store but i do not want it .
whats going on with you tonight ?
just sitting here thinking how most people bother me
that is a good quality . . . what things do you need to get done tonight ?
i could probably do it for you
i like to use the computer . . . i can code
well your loss . . . . man i could go for a hershey bar
hello . how are you doing this evening ?
i love doggies ! what is his name ?
aw that is cute . what do you do for fun ?
i study rocks . do you like rocks ? cant live without em .
i want to double major in material science and geology . develop makeup .
well just recently . my girlfriend always spent a ton of money and i liked helping her .
yeah we got a place a couple of years ago . cant get enough of each other .
did you know cellphones were invented in norway ? the more you know .
hello how are you ?
i am great my wife just made spaghetti .
yes that is my favorite with coffee as a drink .
coffee makes me a joyful individual , also drawing .
i love to paint and draw , that is great .
i work out sometimes .
hi . how are you doing today ? i am peachy . listening to 80s music .
i am more of a home body . too busy planning weddings for my job .
a few have . what do you do for work ?
i used to want to be an architect . that was before i saw my first wedding .
too funny . i want to have yellow as the main color for my wedding .
he might . i am sorry to hear about your father .
that is sad . i have been blessed with a better experience .
good evening . how are you tonight ?
oh , where did you buy a home ?
sweet ! i am packing for my road trip . have a couple weeks off of work .
seattle . i love it there .
i would love to see a band .
sure will . well keep in touch . send me a pic of the house .
hey whats up ? how are you
that is good . i work for a grocery market . i visit them a lot
well as long as youre doing something right ?
look into the school system . my my does social work and she loves it
sure . my mother grows plants in her home garden too
yes you def would get along
yes she is divorced . bout 5 years ago
you def could . she is vegetarian
hi ! how are you doing ? what hobbies to do you have ?
nice ! me drums , and i am good at them
i am in sales . what do you do ?
i am diabetic , so i am my own medic all the time here
yes , gotta take my blood sugar every day . i have to exercise more .
i need to use my bicycle more . do you have any pets ?
what else do you like to do for fun ?
spending time with the 3 dogs i have , mostly
hi how are you tonight
i love candy then i have to run to burn it off
i have trophies from running track
no not anymore i got too old and slow
at least you are going in style in that case
that is very nice of him
that is great at least you did that
hey . how are you doing today ?
i need to meditate and do some yoga . getting pretty aggro
i work from home but it gets tough sometimes . i try not to waste too much time
i want to be a rat . retired at thirty . how about yourself
i am actually trying to build an online business . i do editing , trading , marketing .
thank you . good luck to you as well . what do you do for fun ?
i try to do the meditation but swimming does sound relaxing .
hello ! how are you doing this evening ?
good . just got home from a12 hour word day . i hate those hours
kids are great ! i have five grandsons
i need a big car for five grandsons i would love a toyota
i would really rather have a truck
i love to enter sweepstakes , i have won two cars
oh no i could not function without my glasses
oh i hope you get them real soon !
hey how are you doing today ?
just listening to some u2 they are my favorite band !
i work at del taco , it is a research department for french fries !
that is not good , my passion in life is designing french fries .
do you just stay to the right now ?
i understand , i once fell up the stairs .
i can teach you about women , my man .
hi there ! i am a dancer . what do you do for a living ?
how long did you study to learn to fix airplanes ?
like the old vinyl ones ? that is awesome !
wow what did you get ?
i have no idea who that is ! i will have to spotify it !
i am listening ! that would be cute for my kids ballet class !
that would be so cute to dress them all up in fairy tale costumes
do you sell the parts or something ?
hello . do you enjoy video games ?
i like lots of things . i come from a technological family .
i do not work . i am pretty sick .
i am severely diabetic and have nerve damage from it .
my mother and father are . she works for apple . he is a professor .
i am so sorry to hear that .
that is good to hear . i know it can be hard to lose anyone you love .
i love dogs . i have one named tila .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am tired . i am worried about my neighbors yelling at night
i will try it . my mom needs to be healthier too . i went to school .
no i am scared to walk in the bad neighborhood but maybe from home ?
what kind of marketing do you do ?
what are some of the things you are doing to get started ?
i am in high school and i wish i could go to a better one
the other kids view me in a poor light and i have a bad image
hi , i will try to speed this up for us
i think i am ugly because of all the freckles i have
i love dogs . they make me laugh , which i love to do .
my good friend is from tanzania , and she lives with me
house . gotta have a big kitchen because i love to bake
i really enjoy making brownies .
i love those too . do you like flip flops ?
haha i do not . it is a debate between a friend and i
hi there . i am practicing my singing . how are you ?
do you hunt ? i love hunting .
i like animals but i love meat .
i am a teacher . i coach basketball because i love it .
my daughters took an acting class . my sons did not want to .
indianapolis . i am single .
just basketball and hanging out with my kids .
hi there , do you know i am a lottery winner ?
it was six years ago tho
i never told anyone about the winnings
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
because i am lazy and also poor
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
he is in japan so far away
what is your favorite color ?
hi , i just got home from work .
i am a kindergarten teacher at a large school
that is nice . i like to go kayaking when i can
i have 26 attachments which are my students
yes , i got used to it . i have taught since 2016
i love sweet and sour chicken as well . i also like pizza
that is cool . i eat all types of foods
hi there , how are you doing ?
not too bad . i am so ready to ride my new bike this weekend .
anywhere near water because i love surrounding myself around anything blue !
currently i am working as a salesman for a high-end insurance company . you ?
you will get there one day , i believe in you ! what do you do aside from work ?
that is nice ! on my spare time i comment a lot on reduit blogs .
it consists of news , personal opinions , internet trolls , movies and more !
i have not been able to work all day , least i am home
how are you ? i just got a cat named diva .
awww darn , i like to read , do you ?
i like comics over anything else . how old ?
gotcha , like any bands ? i like nightfish
i understand , so how is your job ?
i wish my system came back up goodness
hi sports are really important to me
ah you are a shorty and i am tall , allows me to do my job better
i play in the nfl
in my position you probably could not catch me in the field
wow well its my job to be fast
have you lived in the us your whole life ?
yes and now i live in philadelphia
whats your favorite food ? i love food truck burgers .
how many cats do you have ? i dyed my hair to match my cats
i am naturally brown , blonde now . my older brother takes care of all my finances
i try to do stuff like that all time but i can never speak up for myself
i was too before my parents died but my big bro introduced me to vegan food trucks
you should not be so down on yourself . have some fun ! you could dye your hair too
peroxide and koolaid are a cheap route , make me feel punk rock even though i am quiet
thank you for saying that , i am sure deep down you are brave too
hello how was your day today ?
it was just fair and earned twice what i got yesterday
i can not try that because i know my blood is weak
yes i took over my parents house after they died in an accident
yes and am working as an office messenger during my vacation
so am looking for a higher paying job now though i have this
i love them so much but can not afford one
i want something related to do with computer work, and if I could, I would love to travel to Japan and experience their technology firsthand.
hello , what do you do for fun ?
same here , i am into politics , trying to get out democrat to win the next house election .
i do a few things for fun , was into gymnastics when young but now into swimming .
sorry to hear that , what type of swimming to you do ?
i do pool exercises , i can to jump out of a pool from the water
lol , it takes work , i was really out of shape two years ago
hummus is good , seafood is my favorite , overall food
where do you do nursing ?
hi , i am eating sweet strawberry candies while chatting
i eat and sleep most of the time during the day
i eat sweets and then sleep every 5 hours . . .
not a riddle , its true , i also listen to bruno mars while i eat sweets
oh , i am still in high school , my friends love christian rock .
i love jesus , i hate to tell white lies ! truth means a lot to me .
sorry i am not familiar , can you tell me more about him ?
can you please tell me what his philosophy is and how it affect your life ?
hey there ! do you live with your mom ?
my mom loves the beatles ! but you know what i hate ? broccoli ! how about you ?
my mom made it tonight too but i was too busy creating a sick new video game .
it was an adventure game about a mom and son who are best friends .
i hate nighttime because it gets so dark . do you like the dark ?
you really must be great at science !
forced ? my mom never forces me to do anything .
that sucks . living with my mom is the best . i am staying forever !
hi how are you doing ?
i do whenever i am not flying .
i fly planes for a living
yes airplanes i loved traveling so i became a pilot
sure can me 2 beagles be in the movie to ?
that is awesome hopefully only for good stuff
oh great maybe i can be military pilot in honor of my parents
i like the civil war
good morning , glad all my kids are gone for school . hbu ?
i love me some hip hop while they are gone
you love what group ? i am from spain
cool , i am married with 5 little 1s .
i love getable only hbu ?
i bet i am married an a vet
no lol i am sorry a veterinarian ha
you are cool lol , do you like rap ?
hi how are you today ?
i am great here in ny
yes but i like photography the best
sounds interesting . i just started at nyu
vegan has always interested me .
i am the youngest and only girl in my family and i am .
i miss my two older brothers since being at nyu .
hi how are you today ?
do you enjoy playing it ?
i enjoy the beach so swimming is nice
i am not sure really . you ?
sometimes when i am not working at the pizza shop
do you have any cool ones ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
lol . that is good to know . like doing anything in particular with your mom ?
i go to some pretty high places while hiking around . i enjoy it tho .
haha . do you like vegetables ? i happen to love them .
epic . i pretty much eat vegetables , talk on the phone , gambling .
maybe i should hang out with your mom .
you ever get that feeling you just know when someone has eaten something horrible ? like asparagus ?
the doctor says i have a genetic thing . i know it drove my first two wives crazy !
no kids , just a dog . that is who introduced me to those wives .
i am not so much a kid person , i am too obsessed with things like coffee !
i keep my five favorite flavors in the fridge , but i keep them on a lower shelf .
oh . . . mocha , caramel , salted caramel , vanilla bean , and plain old dark roast . you ?
meh , it is okay . i do like a big serving of protein afterwards , like a medium rare steak !
i am so short i do not think my legs would make a whole triathlon !
hey there , hows it going ?
glad to hear . i just moved to virginia from pennsylvania . pretty tired .
i am a farmer . not too exciting i know , but i grew up on a farm .
its comforting . hard work , but then you get to relax and read all night
aside from reading , i am an avid headworker . love making my own patterns and designs .
if livestock counts , plenty ! i have got a dog as well . how about you ?
they are the best ! he helps me on the farm as well . keeps away wild geese .
hi my name is christine
i am a mother of two do you have any kids ?
i remember those days . very tiring but keep working towards your goal
beside school do you like mountain climbing ?
studying is good but you need to go on adventures . open your eyes
wait until you have two daughters and a husband busy busy busy
hi , how are you this evening ?
what are you eating ? i really like fast food
i had a very restrictive diet when i was training for the olympics
i just want to live . i need a lot of medications
only when i am skydiving which is often
no , i am fairly athletic
do you like any music ?
do you have any hobbies ?
hello , do you like dogs ?
is he as cool as thomas the engine ?
i like to read about trains .
i play with my dads train set , not much for video games .
it is huge , it killed my cat tho
yeah , almost got my dog percy too , but he jumped out of the way .
i could use some dog food , that is great
yuck , second thought that sounds disgusting .
hi my name is joan and i am a true dog lover
i am fair at math but i would love to help
i assume you would add 23 . 20 to 232 for a total of 245 . 20
chocolate . what do you do for a living ? i am a veterinarian assistant .
do you have any pets ? i have two yellow labs .
they are beautiful animals . does he do any tricks ?
hi ! how are you doing ?
wow awesome ! i am currently on my boat traveling the world
i am on my way to europe . when will you start your google job ?
i do not have a plan . i will just go with the flow haha get it ?
are you going to rent a car ?
heres something crazy . . . i have 23 cats too
hi , how are you doing today ?
just finished painting my nails . what are you up to today ?
green . that is cool . the weather in portland sucks , hows your weather ?
that is good to hear . do you have any siblings ?
i only have one brother , lol was the ghost in the attic ?
i have not seen one yet . who knows my new apartment in the attic is creepy lol .
hello there , what are you up to ?
i am working and about to leave for the gym
do you go to the gym ? are you into fitness ?
you must be a point guard on a girls basketball team ?
is it a high school basketball team ?
i can believe it , i am 26 !
going to the gym , cycling and running !
hi , i fly planes for a living . what do you do ?
aww, what seems to be the problem ?
it will be ok , can you try again later ?
commercial planes . i fly for southwest
30 . how old are you ?
that was pretty cool , was not it ?
yes its terrible down there now
hello . how are you ?
i am kinda worried right now . not sleeping , my neighbors are yelling .
oh , no . does she go to school with you ? i am hating my school .
maybe i need to do that i live in a crappy area and mom is i will .
whats a crypto ? i cannot do anything that will make me look bad .
that sounds scary !
dude , you need therapy ! ll
hello , my name is sarah . how are you today ?
hi jenni . what do you do in your free time ? i enjoy horseback riding .
that is great to hear .
nice ! my three daughters would enjoy a boy as well .
i can understand . where are you from ? i am from kansas who grew up on a farm
how amazing ! i live in ny but miss the farm life in kansas .
what are you doing this beautiful day ?
i love horses . i also love country music
i do not have a job . i am a teen
oh no . do not arrest me ! ! haha
no reason . the worst thing i do is eat junk between meals
yes i go all the time . with my family
that is very nice of you . what do you look like ?
hi . how are u ? i just got off work am a waiter at a pizza place .
good thing i love pizza so fed up with the hrs . is georgia pretty ?
how lovely . sounds like a nice place to ride my bike !
i wanted to have kids but recently divorced so now single .
it sure does . my dad use to do that when i was sad
when he was home . he was a cop so did not see him often .
he was , he retired five years ago . are u married ?
i guess i was not either . any hobbies besides the violin ?
hi there , how are you ?
unfortunately i have always been disappointed by regular life .
my family and i are never able to get along .
this has led me to always wishing i could become an animal .
i regularly wonder what life would be like up in space .
i do not . do you ?
oh that is very nice
hot dogs are always yummy .
hey how is it going
getting ready for school tomorrow
i am off to college very soon but i will be wild this summer
lol how many children do you have
aww how cute . how old is he
yes but it will be way later , i am only 17
i like painting and playing cards . you ?
hi how are you doing
how old is your dog
i do not have any pets
its like a fluffy alarm clock
i have 2 kids and i am looking for a job
that sould be so nice of you
yeah i feel you do you like music
hi , how are you today ?
great , i got my new glasses today .
my ex husband loved to hunt .
true . sometimes i take my nephew fishing . we like fish .
other than fish i eat lots of chicken .
mexican food is very yummy .
if i was not so shy i would ask someone to go eat some with me .
hello , konichiwa , bonjour . how are you ?
yes i had noodles and fish . very popular here in japan
are you italian ? the best italian food is in naples where i traveled last year
traveling is exciting , but i travel a lot and it can get lonely
what kind of work did you do ? i work as a programmer .
and you are living in ireland now ?
i love the mountains . i was worked in north carolina in the mountains .
i was there in the summer and autumn . very brilliant colors in the fall .
japan is beautiful . you should take your husband and come here .
hello , how is your day going
it is not bad , just got done with my 2 mile walk . feeding the dogs now .
wow , those are big ! mine are a pit bull and a chihuahua . they are both mean
yes i run them all the time ! how exciting , are you ready
i work three jobs so i have to work , but maybe i will catch a movie , you ?
that sounds exciting , i have not heard of them
hmm i do not know yet , maybe it . have you seen it
oh i am sorry , yes it was somewhat disturbing
hello how are you doing today ?
i am good just got back from a tennis match . it started raining
well currently i am going to the university of chicago to obtain a law degree
i do i think my love for mystery novels is what really got me into it
what kind of stuff do you like to read ?
i bet . any brothers or sisters ?
sorry to hear that i am the youngest of 3 so kind of the opposite .
i love dogs . they make great companions !
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i just got back from volunteering at the animal shelter .
cool . are you religious ? i have not told my parents i am wiccan yet .
oh . i grew up in a un religious home .
haha . i do not either .
i am really not sure . i am worried to talk to them .
because of the basis of wicca .
hello ! how are you this beautiful day ?
its the off season , so i am enjoying the day and time . i am a pro ball player
i love to play , and its my security . what do you do ? . . for a living ?
i did have a dog growing up . yeah . i still miss that dog .
that is cute . where do you go to school ? i graduated from william mary
whats your major ? you work at a pet store . are you interested in being a vet ?
hi how are you doing
what kind of event is that ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you love to look at art ?
what city are you from ?
is that all they server ?
is that all they serve . . . is what i meant
do you have any pets ?
how are you doing today ?
i understand that . sometimes i have problems if my dog is not near me
it is . he is my best friend
what is your best friend like ?
yummy . what do you look like ?
haha i believe it . i have curly black hair
so you already told me !
i do not see my mom . she went crazy a long time ago
hello ! ! ! i am in chicago ! ! are you ?
i love cali ! ! ! my moms live there too ! ! ! !
i only have two ! ! ! they are great . i have dogs and cats too . do you have pets ?
those are my favorite ! ! ! ! do you play quake ? ?
it is a computer game . i am a gamer ! ! ! !
my brother plays that , and rainbow siege .
what else do you play ? he is a game tester for microsoft .
hi how old are you ?
cool . i love in california . where do you live ?
cool . i was going to go to grad school there
interpersonal communications . what kind of food do you like
yum . i like to make lasagna and it s so good
the secret is fresh tomatoes . my dog loves it when it bakes . the smell . . .
a terrier he is the cutest dog . he love the beach too . we are there for hours
yes in san diego 10 minutes away
hey there you good morning
i am well missing my parents
yes it is they went to florida
i am a breeder of cats , the maine coon
i feel that you are right , why is bro in jail . ever cruised ?
me an friends are going to cook on the cruise .
oh my bro is a bum lol on my couch
lol what does the therapist say ?
hi . how are you doing ?
i cannot complain . i am just watching a political show eating candy from work .
cool . blue . are you active ? i run 2 miles every morning .
awesome . do you like sports ? i played college football .
same ! that is amazing . my husband and i are huge fans .
yikes lol . do you work ?
i work at an amazing candy shop .
my name is steve and i drive a 2016 bmw
nice i have lots of friends in nevada
i need to go back to the gym now that i am single again
oh i would love to move but student loans have me in a lot of debt
i work as a manager of a supplement retail store
i love a good hike i not so great at fishing but love water
i love to take my dog to the lake and people watch
i adopted this guy just after the last break up
i am such a hippie . long curly red hair , i recycle and drive a big blue van .
i have a lot so i will just pick deep purple to go with my blue van .
well thank you and peace on earth and god bless you too .
yes you can ! let your hair grow long and they will fire you .
all of us hippies have long hair . nobody does today . not even women .
if he is a genius then he loves to recycle like i do .
does he have any tattoos yet ? i have two .
hello
thank you
where are you from ?
i am in cali
what kind of restaurant do you run ?
that is kool
hello there , hows your day yo
that is whats up ! i am smoking a fatty , listening to some tupac
naw man my skin is legit smooth as butta . do you work ?
good for you ! that will be fun . i am working in it right now
naw i wear cool threads . hey what are your hobbies
just smoking weed really , and also i looooove eating meat . and hiphop
ll that is whats up ! i smoke all day and night . do you smoke ?
juice ? sounds badass ! i love meat too much though , do you eat meat ?
i like video games in my spare time
i like music my fav artist is isaiah rashed
really ? nah i rather read a book
i do not understand alcohol its nasty lol
ll really that sound pretty fun ! lol
its a good way for fresh air also
hi , how are you ?
doing well , taking care of the kids
do you speak any languages other than english ?
that is too bad . i speak three languages
i am also looking for employment
i am not into accounting
that is true
yes they both do
what hobbies do you enjoy ?
i like to watch anthony bourdain on netflix .
its a different look at travel . i travel all the time .
i have been to istanbul , bangkok , london and more .
i work as a chef .
i bake a lot of pies sweet and savory .
i think classic apple pie .
hey there . i am carl . happy halloween .
just having a beer , and watching the clouds roll by .
flying dog ipa , but milk shakes are my best drink .
i do not drive , i prefer my red bicycle . i am earthy .
yes , and my wife makes my halloween costumes !
she sounds dangerous . what is your favorite holiday ?
i will be dressed as a scary ghost ! i also like christmas too .
i wish halloween was every weekend . are you happy ?
i have 2 jobs , i am a waiter on the weekends
during the week i dabble in real estate
i love walking with my friends we are very close
i have 7 older brothers , do you have any family
i cant seem to find love but i will not stop looking for it
oh no what happened ? did you have a car accident
maybe i could find you a good deal on some real estate
wow , i hate to hear about bread being destroyed in an oven
hi . what do you do for a living ? i am a nurse
that sounds like fun , i love cats and dogs . any siblings ?
i am sorry to hear that . i have two brothers and two sisters older than me .
what does he teach ? and sorry if i sound strange but what color is your hair ?
i will look that up . i just dyed my hair pink last weekend .
that is sweet of you . do you live near grand rapids ?
i like chicago , been there once . so you have no allergies since you host pets ?
that is true . i am allergic to strawberries and bees .
bees are horrible , you almost die and it is painful on top of it .
yeah , that is ridiculous . i do not like the whole medical system in this country
i really want to move out , just do not know where to go
the process to get anything treated is just too long for no reason , and very costly
my daughter recently had surgery , has a supposedly great insurance , copay is just crazy
that is really sad . is she on medicaid ?
trump can be thanked for that . real nice chatting with you but i have to go
what are you doing today ?
hp the computer company ? i drive trucks
my mom used to teach . why does it scare you ?
are you worried about him ?
that is pretty scary . where are you from ?
oh , okay . i grew up in virginia
you should . the best thing was driving cars up there . especially stick shifts
oh . maybe you should get a job to buy one ?
hello there ! how are you ?
oh golly that is a lot of kids ! my two daughters are more than enough !
that sounds nice ! we spend a lot of time shopping of course !
crafts are fun ! i remodel homes , which is like giant crafts !
i also hunt , specifically with a bow .
music is so great . do you like holidays ?
halloween is my favorite . and its so soon !
what great costumes ! that is perfect !
hey there , hows it going ?
yabu just got done chasing some kangaroos out of my back yard
yes , my bf of 5 years got the broom lol , kicked him the chest it was funny !
i wanted to see the joeys even from a distance . . cute but feisty critters, if I could paint like Bob Ross, I would spend all day creating beautiful landscapes.
lol yeah i should think a little more , but when your from london . . . you do not haha
yay it was better than painting !
hey , my name is amanda and you are ?
nice to meet you too .
what vegetables do you dislike ? i definitely do not eat carrots !
never ate that . are you athletic ? i am not right now since i am pregnant with twins !
i want know until monday . . yes , that definitely does count , lol !
i hate my hours too . i sometimes work 12-16 hours sometimes .
hello . i am a college student . how about you ?
so am i . when i am not studying i go to death metal concerts .
good choice . i have not figured out what i want to do yet .
you are fortunate . i spend quiet time watching cartoons .
that kind of work does take creativity . i am not that fortunate .
what kind of music do you listen to ?
i am helping my family decorate some for halloween .
halloween is the fun holiday . i like passing out candy and all the costumes .
hello , haw are you tonight ?
i am ok . long day at work , the elephants wanted snacks
i am a zoo keeper . my wife and i work together
my daughter . she graduated early , and is valedictorian .
tubac . i love rap . i also like 2 star symphony .
i did that on my wedding day and tore the
lol . i hit the champagne early , damaged my dress .
hi , i have 2 kids and my hubby is a preacher . you ?
nice . i sell clothes and other items on facebook for a living .
garage sales . do you dye your hair ?
i have curly hair and it is dark thinking of making it blonde .
this weekend , i need to clean my house , which i do not like doing .
i am with you there for sure .
you must not have done laundry in a long time since you have no kids ?
some men like to change clothes multiple times a day anyway . lol
where can you find freedom ?
for sure also democrats have limited rights to do what they want .
i hate the rules at school , home road and everywhere .
some just make people uncomfortable like me .
me i cannot make any rule for myself am only there to obey already made ones .
my parents told me not to until i get my own home .
especially my mum cannot allow me to make any choice .
hi , i am kevin , i love computer science .
i will be studying it soon . . . college hopefully
i love fiction . i play computer games , so a good story keeps my interests .
i like to stay inside and play my games most of the time . .
mostly just people online . multiplayer . maybe i should make some real friends huh ?
so if i said i do not eat meat , would that make you feel like i am strange ?
fan fiction huh ? i play some games made by fans of games i love .
hi cooking ribs cause they go well with mangos
i love to snorkel so water is my second home
i would do that if iphones were waterproof
no just some komodo dragons i caught
no i recently graduated college
i studied computer programming and when studying i listen to gary numan
exactly why it kept me focused
his song cars is ironic
i work out daily to stay fit and look good how about you
do you like to write ? i write for a living .
i make a living writing about people and their lifestyles
if you live in kentucky , i can write about you
because my parents live there , i can visit and write about you
what about music ? do you like metal ? that is my favorite .
what is progressive metal ? i am old school
that is cool , i will so what should i write about you ?
i think i have a tiny crush on my coworker , should i tell him ?
what should i say ? will it be weird ?
do you have to get up early in the morning to make bagels ?
oh okay . i do not like mornings , i prefer to sleep in .
no i am not , it sounds complicated
wow . i do not do much other than skateboarding
haha ! cool nickname . how old are you ?
what are you up to today ?
i wish i had the energy to do all of that . i am getting old
when i have the energy , i love to garden
wow that must be tough . why is that ?
oh my gosh ! that is so terrible . i am so sorry
that is really great . i live alone . my husband passed away last year
it is okay . my family helps me
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh wow ! you are writing a book ? i am doing okay . . .
i just got braces today . i hate them .
i cannot wait to get them off ! where are you from ?
i live near the beach in fort lauderdale .
i do the same thing with my three dogs . we love to play in the water .
we do have a pool . do you like to swim ?
what kind of books do you write ?
man i love this sushi
i do not have any yet
i have two birds and a dog
no but i like to make food
i do not . i love to shop
i would like to learn
no . i like to cook .
hey my names matt , huge fan of yoga !
great , what are you up to ?
mix in some chocolate , i love it haha
i am a teacher in new york currently , what about you ?
are you looking for a specific job though ?
do you have any siblings ? good idea i love to cook .
i love dogs , what kind ?
you are funny my sister would love you , she is my twin .
hi there ! are you a student or do you have a job already ?
i go to michigan state and i am a barista so i can have a little cash .
what do you want to write ? like books ? or screenplays ?
i prefer to sing . i like show tunes the best !
do you have any pets ? are you married ?
i have a cat . her name is seven of nine .
i love star trek of course !
hello , how are you ? can you tell me something about yourself ?
i am good . i just got a new job . what about you ?
what things do you like to look at ? it is hard for me to watch youtube .
sound like something that i would like
i am good at memorizing things . what about you ?
what are you good at ?
cool , i think that it is time to go . so maybe i will catch you again .
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am sorry to hear that ? why is that ?
that is the worst . i am 5 3 so it is an okay size to shop for
some say fun size , but i saw unloving
sometimes i wish i was taller . good for fitness though
i sure do ! and after i sit back and watch movies
hi , how are you ? please tell me more ?
cool , i am vegan , yet i love tacos
org . . . me too . when i am studying my favorite subject . . literature .
well . . i love to draw pictures of myself in the mirror . . is that weird ?
i like to think so , but i do not have a judge , you know ?
no you did not , how cute . . . tell me more .
i believe that . . are they identical ?
hi ! how are you ? i am doing fine today .
i am sorry to hear about your dog .
when my dog died i looked for comfort by reading the bible .
what kind of art ? i love traveling to different museums .
now that my wife and i have retired we have more time to travel .
we went to the vatican which was very inspirational .
yes . we also went to milan , florence , genoa , and bologna .
hey how are you today
i am good , just doing some weight lifting this morning
ahahah my daughter just turned one , so i made her some eggs this morning .
i am doing training because i am becoming a policeman soon .
oh cool , that is always great to be with your kids ,
i watch a ton of mma
do you like collecting knives
it is sad being a one child home
though i dance , but there is nobody to share it with
i wish i am busy as you are
but i will lose my attention to my 3 cats
i even colored my hair blonde
this is to match with my cats
i do not like seafoods at all
hi
what are your hobbies
i do but i spend most of my time on my boat
no thankfully you ?
oh wow that sounds like a pain
i live on the ocean so my life is pretty great right now
no i am not very good you ?
that is ok what do you like to do
hi . how is it going ?
i am good . just got back from my yearly trip to disney .
it is fun . you have to go !
what do you do ? i am a secretary .
i work for an insurance agency .
i do , mainly indie . you ?
i like to listen to country music on occasion .
oh . i enjoy reading crime novels .
hi , i totally love myself today .
you must be super fit , i have been trying on outfits , looking fabulous .
ug , i hate that . how you look is more important than a car anyway .
nice , that is with horses right ?
that sounds awesome , do you love it when people watch you play ?
i understand , if you put in the work , why not enjoy the rewards
not much , work out , shop , design a bit here and there .
hair accessories and sometimes top design , i prefer modeling but sometimes i have good ideas
hey , how are you ?
great ! i am good thanks , where are you from ?
cool ! i have been to dublin a few times on a boat .
haha ! so what is your favourite food ?
my favourite food is steaks cooked medium rare . my favourite colour is blue .
dog walking , my dog actually introduced me to my first and second wife !
hi ! i just started my new job at burger king today !
congrats ! i love burger king as well ! i get to eat it everyday now !
i just turned 20 last thursday .
thank you . i am in college . i want to start krav maga classes too .
basically israeli martial arts . my major is education .
that is great ! i hardly get any financial aid .
i am looking to teach high school . i find it very interesting .
awesome ! i hope i can be that inspirational teacher . that is a real desire of mine .
hi . i have tons of friends . will you be my friend ?
okay . do you have pets ? i love dogs and kitties . i am nine .
aw really ? my parents wo not let me have one , but i am always lonely .
no . my dad is at the mill , and my mom is tutoring . she is a teacher .
no i am alone . my house is big . so i am safe .
nope . she is too busy . my dad is too . all my friends are online .
they are all over the world . but they all talk to me .
just be nice , and friendly . oh and know when to listen .
hi there person of interest
not too bad , how about you
sure do , the happy go lucky kinda music
sure , probably . any artist in particular you groove on ?
never heard of him , name a song
alrighty , i will do that shortly . getting ready to go for a run
i will dig into it . you ever exercise
hello , what is your favorite season of the year ?
winter . i wish i was able to play sports but i am unable to walk .
i have one dear friend that once bought me a car due to being wheelchair bound .
i get colds easy so i take a lot of vitamin c . how about you ?
do you have a vehicle ?
oh i see . so do you like it here in the united states ?
i am sure with time you will have lots of friends ! you seem very sweet !
yes , i sure do remember those days and how much fun we all had ! !
the damn dogs won't stop barking !
i will leave the radio on while i go walk . up to 2 miles a day so far !
so glad i got my new job . gives me more time to exercise .
new job is at programming firm . no , i play drums , but thanks anyway .
thanks . sure beats those 3 jobs i had . glad that is over .
wanna watch my dogs while i walk ?
what kinda music you into ? i love metallica !
hi how are doing tonight i am fine and you ?
oh i am sorry i am employed in a lab .
me two i have to ugly brothers but i love them .
yes i do sometimes i would like to sleep in there .
i know some of it i am a vegan growing up from 5 years old .
i am a believer in people falling in love . ant first sight .
oh that is so sweet i still love my ex too .
i have a car that is big enough for two
i watch tv while watchin out for mosquitos
pizza will solve every problem in life , you understand ?
i saw what you will be in the future , non existent !
peanut butter goes well with bread and crackers
you train wolves to do tricks for the circus i hear
dogs do circus tricks too
mushroom pies are the absolute best you can eat
hey , how are you doing ?
i am great , had a really great day
just fun army adventures
got shot at , shot at some people
i am not too worried about it
i just like being over here , away from my family
nothing , i just do not want a normal life
hey my kids are so tiny omg lol
i need more iron after these babies back to back
no i do not have time ! i have 2 kids an 2 cats all young
i need me some kale now lol spices an paprika
oh really ? like adam levine ?
where do you go for a walk at ? is it safe to eat ?
hey how are you today
i am doing good . making extra money is great . do you have any brothers
friends can be more like family than family sometimes . i am the oldest of 3
she must deal with a lot of hard stuff sometimes
that is good that she can handle it . i might move to london in a few years
that sounds fun . where are you from
do you live near pittsburgh ? i live near boston
oh ok that is a nice area i have heard
hi there , how are you ?
who does not want to win the lottery ?
cool . do you like dance ? i am a ballerina .
okay ? what do you do for fun ?
a ballet dancer i suppose . i love driving fast too .
haha . do you like rock music ?
hello , how are you today ?
my mother taught me to bake , she is a retired teacher
nice , where are u from ?
i am from texas and of course i love riding horses .
oh wow , what kind of car do you drive ,
baking and riding my horses , how about you ?
you sound like a great person ,
hello , how are you ? tell me about you
i am good , about to go fishing with my black lab
i do , but being married makes it hard .
i am from tennessee , but i love to travel to see charlie daniels , he is my favorite
yeah , she is prettier since her hair grew back
i love mexican , how about you ?
yuck no , i cant say i have
hello i am ray and i still in high school
i now reside in the united states , where i play hockey for my team
just so you know i am young boy
i really love math , it keeps my mind busy
i do not like running at all , you like hockey
i bet your blue car is really nice
awesome , have you ever got any speeding tickets
that is good , because those tickets can get expensive real fast
good morning how are you ?
good . i am ok , i work all night and i sleep all day .
i cut down trees i eat my lunch and a go to the lavatory . my job is ?
yep lumberjack and i am ok .
i sometimes like to hang around in bars . plus pancakes i guess .
they need butter and syrup though are you all set up for that ?
oh definitely . I wish I had the opportunity to travel the world with my grandparents.
so what do you do ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
good to hear ! my favorite color is purple ! what is yours ?
that was my favorite when I was little . i love all types of music really ! you ?
awesome . so what do you do for a living ?
oh wow that is amazing . i work for a video game company and design games .
for about 5 years . eventually i want to start up my own company .
hi how are you today
i am not sounds nice
do you guys eat food
are you a complete vegan ?
yeah but do you not even eat honey ?
yeah i know some vegans are okay with that since it keeps the bee population alive
i throw parties for a living
hello how are you tonight ?
no not a doctor but if you have pretty toes , i would love to see them
mmm interesting . i think i saw that in one of my favorite museums .
i am trying to picture you . . . . . . listening to bach at the moment
my goodness you sound like one of picasso painting in the museum .
i think i used to date someone like you when i was princeton . great sense of humor
well i like to watch that show on tv , the voice . how would describe yours ?
they always do do not they ? do you like to travel as well ?
do not cry for me argentina . yes a place that is on my list of yearly travels
good day , how are you ? where ya from ?
i have six houses in okla now . oh no whats wrong ?
feelings are def . hard sometimes ! i ride for stress relief .
motorcycles and horses are my stress beaters ! any reason why u do not burst ?
www i see . i say go with your heart and not care what others think ! I wish I could have the confidence to explore different aspects of my identity openly.
nothing like a parents love they will come around .
live up to your standards not everyone elses
i love horse and own many homes . you ?
i love motorcycles . you like cars ? i do .
oh okay . i eat very little meat . you ?
oh okay . i love horses . you ?
i wish you did too . you sing ?
i see . you own a car ?
oh i see . how is your health and do you exercise all that meat off ?
hmmm . you make your own clothes ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just dropped off my kids at school
they are 6 and 9
they do i am trying to get them interested in different books
that is very true do you have pets
that is nice i have a few cats and a puppy
yeah puppies are a lot of work
hello how are you ?
i am a good swimmer i do not have a job so i swim a lot
i am 30 as well but i look older due to baldness
that is cool i dont do anything but drink chocolate milk and swim all day
yes its the best thing ever . it makes up for tacos that i hate very much
so tell me more about yourself
wow what kind of store ?
would it be high end products ?
i am so tired after walking with my friend and our kids .
all three of my kids like walking . i guess that is good for exercise .
recipe ? i am hungry . ok me and my three kids will be there shortly .
we are hungry . my honda civic will get us there in just a few minutes .
i like taking walks but you mention food so i am taking the honda civic .
i like indian , ethiopian , mexican and real chinese recipes .
your a cook but all you have to offer me is cheesecake ?
hello ! what are you up to ?
just finished playing with my three dogs here at home .
sounds good . what kind will you get ?
i teach drums and i play them really well .
that is awesome ! do you play any sports ?
i bet . i work out , even though i do not like to , but need to .
i work out to stay healthy . i have a problem with my blood sugar .
thanks . i check it everyday .
hey there , you partying tonight ?
oh i am about to part in atlanta . i do it every night .
do not tell me what to do . its my world . you are just living in it .
oh , you are a sweetheart . thanks for caring about me . i am a dental assistant .
i do not enjoy anything . i hate everything . except music festivals .
i like new japan pro wrestling better . they know how to party .
hey there . how are you ?
same . just got home from visiting my 80 year old parents .
they are doing well . 2 of my 8 brothers were there tonight .
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy basketball but i am very short .
oh , i do not know much about computers .
maybe , i probably should learn .
i enjoy fishing and hunting . you ?
hi , how are you today ?
my name is sherry i am pretty fabulous
no , i look at myself a lot do not wanna mess up my looks . r u ?
no , what sounds good to you ?
lets go ! although it takes me hours to get ready because i love looking good
i am only partly superficial ! i also like to shop a lot online ! do you like to shop ?
hi how are you doing
oh wow what kind of videos do you have
i work in a hospital so i do not have a lot of free time
yeah it took a ton of work with school but so worth it
that is nice are you married
i am married to a professor
a little girl do you want kids
oh wow that sounds like a lot of work
hello , i am mark , i am a lawyer . who are you ?
nice to meet you ami . do you live in the us now ?
good for you ! are your parents still in tanzania ?
it looks like your family travels the world !
i bet you will be good at it . what profession do you want to have ?
i wanted money and status . i got both .
now it is all about raising my 3 kids well . their future .
hey are you having a good night ?
well family comes first . are you helping him out ?
oh nice . he is here because of the hurricane ?
that is good . i have been in dangerous situations where my life was endangered . not fun
i wish i could but i am in law school ll
nice ! always good to relax eat a good meal . hopefully , with a good game on
cool . looks like i found a new friend !
hey there , this is jason . i am writing my first novel .
may i know with whom i am talking with
hey dan , may i know your hobbies
yeah man i did
it was with connor vs floyd
it is a crime mystery . .
thanks a lot ! lets see . it is my first .
let us talk a bit , how are you ?
do you like to gamble ? i was a casino owner at one time .
i love the nightlife and i can have lots of money
do you like music ? what type ?
i love pearl jam as my favorite group
i find them very interesting , i wonder when the first cooking one will come out
i love egg , and anything breakfast .
hey , how are you today ?
good . i just got finished watching some anime .
cool ! i watched it on one of my two laptops .
do you have any other hobbies ?
cool . after my grandparents died i took over their flower garden .
oh , are you in a serious relationship ?
have you met her parents yet ?
oh , i see ! i am not in one .
hello there . is not it a great day to adopt a dog ?
what are you up to on this fine day ?
what do you for fun . i enjoy a good violin piece to play .
what genre ? hopefully nothing violent
nice . i enjoy eating while gaming myself . have a favorite food ?
i love indian food . it
hola . how are you today ?
very good , thank you . so tell me about yourself .
nothing wrong with that . for me , its boots .
anything that makes my many girlfriends move with me is good .
i am from argentina . its a part of my charm . where are you from ?
where in california ? somewhere you can ride horses on the beach ?
its the image i have of california . plus , i love horses .
which one is your favorite ?
hi , do you have the time to type up that reference letter for me ?
haha , i am just thinking ahead . i have been job hunting like crazy . how are you ?
they get to do that ! do you have any other pets ?
just my family dogs , but they live on the other side of the country !
so you understand i wish i could visit them more often . i miss them .
just have to practice . i am thinking of picking up another language , maybe italian ? ?
haha . do not look she is start to mind control you . do you go to concerts at all ?
hi how's it going ? i was just eating ice cream , eat it every day .
i am great i was gonna go boating on the river later i love that .
this chat is so slow i could run the mile faster , did it under 4 minutes once .
i wish my dad could swim , he was a cop and drowned saving a dog .
its ok , i eat ice cream and i feel better .
i like chocolate , i love to eat it while floating on the river . you ?
yes but too much ice cream not good for my marathon prep . do you run ?
i am done with love , i am just focusing on myself now .
i like the person delivering everything i have bought online ! lol
hey , whatever works . i also love a great bottle of vodka !
love me some captain morgan , way too much !
i hear ya , i live by myself and the the outside world can just stay outside !
i like kids though , probably why i write try to write books for them
same . or as long as i can give them back .
i should write something about how to remain kid free !
hello , how are you ? are you having a good day ?
i like to listen to jazz music .
where have you been ? anywhere nice ?
that sounds like fun . have you ever met any celebrities ?
i had lunch with will ferrel last week .
i know his mother . she invited me to lunch .
i do . i like vanilla . what flavor do you like ?
it was nice meeting you today .
what are you doing this beautiful day ?
i am sitting here drinking a cup of coffee on my break
i do not blame you . i am a student
congrats ! i am doing psychology at michigan uni
you should definitely do that . is there anything else you really like to do ?
i can just put a horn on my cat ?
i wish i actually had one of those !
hello , my name is mia . whats yours ? where do you live ?
hi jane . i am in california . are you working or retired ?
i am retired school teacher . one son , married . i love to garden . stickshift cars . . . my dad taught me
great . how old are you ? do you have sisters and brothers ?
its a good profession . since retired i love watching movies , cooking , and sipping red wine .
well , everybody is different . just choose wisely , enjoy your life , life is precious .
hello my name is duke how are you
fine just enjoying leave from base
marines but i am only 25
one day i will teach my son to hunt
he is 4 but his mom is in for a big surprise
no i got a sitter next week and gonna ask for her hand
my favorite color is blue so table for 2 at blue manor
she always had her eye to try their tiramisu so i took that as inspiration
hows it going today ?
that is nice . no , no i do not . i cannot stand them !
does gila shed ? i bet she does . i bet !
freaky . i have allergies and take pills to survive . gila will not help me survive !
i probably am . . . i wish i potentially was not ! i wish i could be . . . more normal ?
i take it that you might be . . . weird ?
oh . phew . i am so glad i am talking to somebody normal . do you drive ?
do you give rides to people who hate driving such as myself ? ?
i love taylor swifts new album !
no , i did not . i might have to ask my husband .
i do not . it is sad . i got married in florida .
i heard that taylor swift donated money to texas .
mu husband loves hiking !
my husband takes care of our girls . so , they hike together .
i do . its part the reason i married him .
i have been watching more tv than movies .
hello , how are you today ?
awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .
that is so nice of him ! my husband will not go .
i do not , i am an er nurse . i work three days a week .
ouch , does it still bother you ?
i bet that is uncomfortable , my son has pins in his ankle that bother him .
it was his own fault , he was playing football on an ankle he knew was broken .
what would you do if you knew you were dying
that is what i am trying to figure out . only have six months to leave .
a rare genetic disorder i am afraid .
i am okay with it . i think my dream of seeing justin seiber will come true now .
it's my make a wish dream .
i am 31 so young enough .
i have one already . its a rose
no point in me getting a tattoo with what my doctor told me .
hey buddy do you like fishing ?
i am , i love the creek and catching sunfish . so what do you like
not corny , that is actually sounds nice
i am a basic type of guy so not much shopping over here lol
i feel you , are you single
neat . . i am single too , my girlfriend is beer lol
yes , ice cold and pleasantly delicious
hey there , how are you ?
good , just got off work .
i work at a fast food place .
do you enjoy movies ? i love star wars .
me too ! do you have any pets ? i have an iguana .
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy video games .
i am not very good at sports .
not really . i enjoy hanging out with my dog .
yo , what is up my dude ?
with the boys ? man i wish i could , but i am drowning in some good stuff
who are you ? i will watch , but i am getting called by chicks all the time
i had a chance to play b ball pro
i declined it because i like the night time
i know right ? usually during the day i just sleep and wake up at night
true that brother ! i am like a vampire
hello , how are you on this fine evening ?
what do you do for work ?
interesting . like photography on animals ?
nice . i love pound puppies . in fact all of my dogs are pound puppies .
i have 5 . i might have a problem .
haha . do you like to read ?
i like reading a lot . i am actually not a good flyer at all .
how come you did not replace it ?
hey how are you today ?
i am doing good . how do you feel ?
that is cool . i like to try and eat healthy . what about you ?
i live in a city , yes . what do you do for activity ?
dancing is fun , i never liked to until just recently .
what kind of music to you dance to ?
whats your favorite song on repeat right now ?
hi how are you , how is day ?
i live my college , searching for good job
fine , what is your hobbies ?
i like singing and skydiving
my favorite color blue and pink
what is your favorite dish
i like meat and pizza
what are you up to brah ?
getting some dumbbell reps in . i need to get big
how big are your muscles ?
like how many centimeters ? mine are big
you wish your brain was huge . i have bigger muscles and am richer .
i am from a rich country where we have beards
wow you are not very nice . how about you go and get some exercise
do you enjoy watching football ?
i am a player , so i do not get to watch .
a pet eagle , just kidding that our mascot .
i work out a lot , i was a rookie last season . .
you sound much more artistic to me , my art is throwing the ball .
i am sorry to hear that .
i can imagine , what do you draw usually ?
do you show your art or is it personal ?
you want to play text trivia ? first category who am i ? okay ?
great ! i give free computer coding lessons to my sons troop .
lucky you . i fix pipes and speak english , spanish , german and turk .
what do police do for fun ? who says you gonna learn today .
my daughter and i won the dance contest at the four h jamboree . you dance ?
yeah . can you name famous plummer ? theme song this is it . wanna guess ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i do computer programming all the time
not really but it pays well
probably something with charity yeah
i am from the usa i made facebook
no i was one of the coding people
yeah do you like pizza
hey sorry just finishing my shrimp
hey i am great ! ! ! i love to swim from around new orleans
oh man that is tough .
i think i am a 10 ! love all types of music .
love the eagles ! do you go out a lot with friends or stay home ?
nice ! i live at the casino . man on bad nights i spend some dough
you ever been to a palm reader ? moms one in n . o .
right ! i need to find a money tree ! then i would be all set !
hi , what do you like to do for fun
i like cooking to but i hate broccoli
who is it ? i hope she likes dogs like i do .
i am sire they will get along with my 2 dogs .
i like dark blue because it matches my police uniform
oh no . i am married to someone who likes playing video games like i do
you may need company in a large palace .
what would we do in such a large palace , queen ?
what do you do for a living ?
have some friends there . i cannot boat there though .
what ever floats your boat . i love boating .
never can have too much schooling .
of course . as a doctor i do not have time for a second job .
be nice to do something besides working in a big hospital my whole life .
yeah , i save peoples' lives . no biggie .
just want to finish my young life out doing something less responsible .
hi there ! how has your night been ?
that is great ! i need to pursue a degree . my current lifestyle is getting dull .
i sit on my computer doing data entry all day . otherwise , watching foreign movies and tv .
that sounds exciting ! do you travel ? i love learning about other cultures .
that is unfortunate . i am sorry to hear that . do you speak any other languages ?
i wish i could ! sadly , i do not have other hobbies than computers , foreign films , and tv .
that sounds fun ! what do you like to paint ?
do you like painting with oil paints ?
hello ! do you have a moment to listen to my story ?
let me tell you , i have gone from bankrupt to rich in just a few short years .
i used to run a casino and got greedy .
i wanted it all ! i became a minimalist and am now president .
it is indeed . live beneath your means .
it is worth it to me . money is everything .
that is true , i was a very selfish man for years .
i am ready to find someone now
hi there . how are you tonight ?
oh , why ? i try to find joy in small things when i am sad .
oh , i am sorry . both my parents are dead .
what do you do for a living ?
i love listening to music .
i listen to it for hours a day .
i eat about anything . you ?
why would i eat bugs ? that is gross .
hi there , how are you ?
i love sushi . it is so easy to eat with 3 thumbs
what are you good at ? some say i am good at talking and can talk so fast
i like england . at least they did not fake the moon landing
yes , my whole family lives there . we all love the color red !
i came here on a scholarship for typing . i am able to type 140 words a minute
yep . 3 thumbs helps . as does talking fast . my mind is like a race track
hi how are you today ?
why do you feel blue ?
yeah that is true until 2019
i do , are you autistic ?
because i am autistic and stuf
i play arcade games very often
nice do you live at the beach
hi . i am from england . what about you ?
that is great ! at least you have been on a plane . i have never .
no . have you ? height and being water are some of my greatest phobias .
i am so sorry . my girlfriend eloped with my best friend a few months ago . sort of sucks
hah ! cheetos ! where did you study btw ?
great school ! i really did not go to college . i run the family farm so . .
hi hi ! have we met before ?
i am daisy . i am so excited to talk to someone i am not related to !
ted ! great name . i . . . collect broken arms , it seems ! recovering from another now .
wow ! only twice . what is your favorite autograph you have gotten ?
one of my sisters once met him . she said it was a really memorable experience .
what else do you do with your time , ted ?
just like being around people . i do not like being in my own head for too long .
my husband was that way . he'd spend days in his workshop . i miss him , even so .
hi . i love to play soccer and i am only 7 years old .
yes , i am smart . but i just got a rejection letter from the gifted program .
ooooh who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? ! me and my best friend cayden love it .
my mom will not let me eat cheese because it makes you constipated .
stew is good but do not put any veggies in it because i hate veggies
i eat junk . cookies and pizza .
missouri . it is plain and boring . you ?
my mom took me there once . it was fun .
do you like to shop ?
shopping is my favorite thing to do .
why were you on the news ?
i totally wish i could be on t . v . one day . my friends would love it !
do you work on fish boats too ?
taxi ? i am more of a bmw person .
do you have a big group of friends ?
i have a large group of friends . we are all pretty close .
i drove a manual stickshift jeep in the past , what car do you have ?
as a son of a cop , i also want to be a cop
user is so popular now , i drive trucks for a living , you want a ride ?
we need to be discipline my mother taught me morals well , she is a teacher
i was a virginian with my family , now i live in ny
do you still love your parents ? what did they do ?
that happens , but being content with what love they had left for you is good ?
hello there . my name is majora . full of 2 cats and a dog who lives alone .
love them prius . when i drive , i love to listen to country music .
i bet ! what do you do on your spare time ?
dare devil huh . that is great . i just run on my free time .
lol . . . i see you are very into canadian .
covered in a bed of roses playing bon jovi
quite the romantic are not you . thought about settling soon ?
hi , how are you today ?
do you do that for work ?
i make models for games and such .
the real flashy ones because i do d models .
haha bagels are so good !
very cool . i love italian food .
good afternoon . how are you ?
that is awesome . i work in the tv industry
well it is sunday so it is my favorite day to cook breakfast .
yea my girlfriend does as well , but i do not care what she thinks .
yea she is far too demanding at times , so i just do what i want .
oh wow that is sad . my parents will not talk to me since i am lesbian .
well there are a lot of people that do not feel that way .
the joy of singing is what brought me and my girlfriend together
i love to wear dkny to sing in the church
before i sleep , i read the bible
i work in school as a teacher and you
ebooks are great , do you like classical music ?
ok , i work in middle school , and once in a while i go to symphony orchestra
tell me a few modern rock songs , my 8th-grade students love modern rock
i love them too , my students always bring those comics to class
hi , what is the color you love mine is hunter green.
mine is dog , recipes making is my hobby, and you?
being a personal chef is what I like.
yes, i like to have a restaurant in the woods one day selling BBQ.
yes, watching movies on TV . sorry that you do not like it.
i exercise every day, how many days do you exercise ?
yeah , me too , keeps my blood sugar down !
i am a computer game persona online , did you know ?
moving to the outback is my destiny , yours ?
awesome , dying before skydiving is not an option for me
i have a non-paying job in an engineering firm shortly
cool , desert life is the only place to live
non-paying jobs at engineering firms are awesome
hello , i love cheesecake
i think pizza for dinner and cheesecake for dessert
my maids made me bored , i think i will fire them
they do not listen , plus i will just hire more later
i am c . e . o at a small bank in chicago
do not get discouraged , there are dumb people in this world but just ignore them
my kids make me mad , just because we have money the want alot of things
yeah they are just spoiled
hello how are you today ?
i am doing good after a long night at work
yes , whenever someone dies , i am called into work .
i work in a funeral home prepping the people that died for funeral .
well , we cannot avoid death . it will come when it is time
you have been lucky then . not many people have that luxury .
hey , how is the weather there ? it so hot here in new mexico .
i have never been there .
oh , that is exciting . do you like it ?
haha , good point . do you have pets ?
i have a daughter of my own , i get it ! i still love dogs though .
miami seems fun . i was raised in nevada , it was great .
my foster family showed me how fun it is to hike .
i did . losing my parents was hard .
hey do you like John Grisham?
i really enjoy his movies, but his books. i play guitar too!
my girlfriend says she is going to dump me for not eating meat.
i also hate pants so she says that every day. what do you do?
my parents used to be senators but then they wanted to be good people.
i do not live with them they left politics and downgraded so i had to move out.
haha i am having behavioral problems? you sound like my girlfriend.
maybe . . . i just like to play guitar all day.
man , i hope my knee heals fast , i miss playing basketball .
i thought all you young kids were faster than us college graduates on texting .
hey arnold . what type of sandwiches ?
typing , texting , i thought you kids knew it all .
well make an extra one . i have a hard time walking since my surgery .
twisted my knee playing basketball , now I can not play overseas .
have your mom bring me that sandwich later .
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well and you ?
i live to play tennis . sports ?
very nice is that your job ?
i see . do you like doing that ?
nice , whats your favorite color ace lawyer ?
green is definitely mine . so earthy .
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well . i just finished a woodworking project today
i remodeled the kitchen cabinets . i am a carpenter . what do you enjoy ?
my younger brother enjoys that as well !
i think i might relax with my wife . we got married 10 years ago !
yes , but there are many more years to go ! are you married ?
hi ! how are you today ?
fantastic . i just got back from a horseback ride with my kids
two gorgeous boys . do you have any children ?
i work at bass pro shops . how about you ?
how wonderful ! what do you paint ?
how exciting ! what was it like in nyc ?
wow , now that sounds like an adventure
i personally prefer pop music
good day my friend . enjoying your day ?
5 kids ? i can relate somewhat with teaching 30 kids .
no . hard to find a date who can deal with my ocd tendencies .
my fascination with figuring out which illness i have today can be a bit daunting
friends say i am a hypochondriac . it got to the point where i became vegan .
nah . ocd makes it hard to see doctors .
tell me about yourself . it helps ease my mind .
hello , whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
i believe in ghosts , and i am fascinated by them .
oh yeah , well my childhood dream was to be an architect .
i plan weddings now , what do you do ?
does music motivate you to work ? 80s era music is my favorite !
i love everything 80s music !
not only , but its my favorite . did you ever tell me your favorite color ?
fall has orange , but also yellow , like my favorite color .
hello, i am Mary. I am getting married. Ha ha.
that is cool. Do you and your kids eat ice cream? i love it.
what kind do you like?
i live in Seattle. i am a cab driver.
it pays the bills while i wait for my band to take off. if it does.
it is. though there are a lot of rock bands.
hey i am samantha what is your name ?
not a problem by the way do you know anything about computers my laptop battery is not working
i do not have much time for the gym between my college courses
yes it is but in my spare time i write short stories . do you like animals ?
oh ok that might be good from a philosophical standpoint .
yuck i am more of a cat person and i love tigers
what do you tutor kids in my history class is too hard this semester
well i guess you will not be able to help with college courses
hello there . how are you ?
that is awesome ! beer is great with sushi , my favorite food !
oh i see . my 2 kids also dislike sushi .
that is so true ! that was my congratulatory dish when i graduated nursing school
it is a rewarding profession . just helping people is a joy of in itself
playing pool is mine after a long day .
that is true . have you just been to china ?
hi i am john from texas how are you
getting ready for some football i live near cowboys stadium so my 2 kids are excited
who is your favorite blues group
he was amazing it was sad when he passed away . do you have any pets
i have 5 pets two cats and three dogs
no between work and the boys my wife and i are to busy to
hi i am irene , and i love the flyers .
i am studying business in college as a major, but I wish I had pursued weightlifting as a career instead of business.
yeah , i did not want to go at first . my bf is visiting from chicago .
well we have been best friends for about 12 years . since we were kids .
that is awesome ! ! have you flown out of the country ?
that is awesome ! ! did you win ? i have flown in and out of the country
i do and i have flown a few times in and out of the country .
that is good . i am hoping for a great future in my life
hello , how are you today ?
i do not have time for football . i am a carpenter .
i build furniture . before that i was enslaved for ten years .
i escaped ! as the firstborn child , i consider it my duty to buy my siblings freedom .
near the red sea . so now i work with wood , and i paint everything red .
enough about me ! what about you ?
those are very good goals . good for you !
i hope so too . i paint everything red because i love red so much .
i am brit i am in college and starting my first class today
i also work part time at the college campus library
i am attending hesston college
i love the color pink . i commute to school by bus
yeah you can say that there is a discoloration to it faded by the sun
i am 23 and i take 3 classes
yeah when it is with my buffalo wings on the side
i am not much of a hot sauce fan
hi . nice to chat . i grew up on a farm . how about you ?
i am in pennsylvania . its pretty cold here in the winters . do you like ny ?
me neither since i have fibromyalgia . the cold really hurts my hands .
what do you like to do ? i love to read especially when its cold outside .
wow . that sounds wonderful . what do you do with them ? ever do beadwork ?
i love it . if i had a granddaughter i could teach her .
no not at all . i make my own patterns with it . what else do you do ?
wow ! that is exciting ! i do not think i have ever won a sweepstakes !
well it was nice chatting with you .
how are you doing today?
do you like music at all?
you have a large family . how is that?
i bet . what do you do for fun?
i see . do you like farms?
lol . that is a great start.
i grew up on one
how are you doing today ?
good . it is really nice here too .
me too ! do you like movies ?
i understand . work can make it real hard . wish there was more time .
mostly sew , but i also watch movies sometimes . you ?
me too ! do you like coffee ?
lucky you ! i love coffee . i usually drink like 6 cups a day .
hi . how are you today ?
good . just babysitting a couple of dogs . you ?
oh . tell me something about yourself .
my hair is light purple .
when i was six my mother passed away from cancer .
are your parents still alive ? my dad lives near me .
oh that is cool . guess it is a full house .
do you like to read ?
hey , love how are you doing ?
hate your what lol ? and me too i have been waiting tables all night .
oh wow and nights like this make me reconsider my career choices .
yea should have just followed in my dads footsteps and became a cop .
he is retired now , but tell me about you ? i would like to know you better .
haha i love it ! i am just over here living the single , cyclist life .
hi ! how are you doing ?
same , what do you do ? i sell paper products
that sounds comfy . i would also make dinner , i am really great at cooking
nice ! i cook with everything but cheese . i hate the taste of it
fish ! and cheese does not go well with fish at all
maybe if i ate more cheese i would grow taller ! i am under 6 feet
wow driving a truck sounds more fun than selling paper
that is great ! maybe i could be a chef for a living instead . . .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no not really maybe go hiking
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i used to live on corinth . do you know where that is ?
phew ! just back in from running a marathon ! i feel super accomplished !
oh . . . . i am so sorry . that sounds painful . . . .
me too ! family is very important to me . . . especially since they are my only social circle
what a cool idea for a pet ! i get so lonely but i have social anxiety
is it cuz people make you nervous or you are just not that interested
wow . . . i have a similar back story myself
hello , can you teach me the stock market ?
i am fantastic , easy money sounds great
i am a maker of websites
i know , why is there not technology for that
do you know what else is nice to draw with ?
what is your favorite tv show ?
i am sure they have pills for that
what is your favorite fruit ?
hey how are you this afternoon ?
i am good , whats your favorite thing to shop for ?
experience rather than tangibles , i see . i would say shoes .
however tangibles are cool to collect .
everything goes out of style .
then your pass on your stuff to whoever is still alive .
well at least at my funeral people could be like , yeah we did that .
definitely . how old are you btw ?
it is so beautiful out ! i love fall .
i live in ca . it is perfect here . we do not get seasons much though .
i am in college as well , i work as a lifeguard so our busy season is ending .
all that matters is happiness . as long as you are happy , party !
ah , young love . that sounds great .
you could be a lifeguard and drive a yellow convertible like me .
lifeguard probably is not the best option then . you must be young at heart .
yes ! it is great . it rarely rains here but when it does i put the top down .
hey there ! what are you doing this evening ?
if you ever need a good pair of shoes , let me know
no problem . it is what i do for a living !
that is funny . used or new ? lol
i love the ocean . do not need shoes strolling the shore !
i have never tried . worms kind of gross me out !
i do not eat meat but it might be fun to try and catch a fish .
hello how are you today ?
not much looking at my college website i go there soon
a u of m i am currently working over at the local walmart
true what do you have planned tonight ?
i have to help dad in the shop later he is a mechanic
its alright mom is making veggie burgers tonight
yes i am i do not like meat
both i really like animals i am an activist
hello , how are you ? it is cold here
great , love the cooler weather it makes me feel energetic
not me i want to go hiking or mountain climbing
i love to travel but hate driving , traffic annoys me , especially in the city
yes . husband work for telecom in New Jersey and traffic is horrible
yes , just the one . been married since right after high school .
yes . 20 years and still very happy
i also love cats ! i have 3 , all rescues
how are you doing ? i am just watching tv , eating pizza !
well , have you heard of the walking dead ? i love that , and eating chocolate !
also , i feel like jobs are a waste ! do you have one ?
i do like comedies myself , especially adam sandler !
well , i am not sure !
neither . i like milk , coke , water , hot chocolate , things like that !
yes , but i like mine thick
i like it black , i think it tastes better that way
good morning ! how is your morning going ?
that is nice . i am ready to go cut down a lot of trees today .
i am basically a paul bunion . being a big lumberjack .
that is nice . my brother and i love fishing .
every morning i eat 12 pancakes with syrup .
you beat me on pancake eating . nobody has ever done that .
must be nice . i never been there.
i have a huge ax to cut trees down with .
hey how are you today
family time is important . what do you do for a living
no i do not have time with work i am a biochemical engineer
that is cool are they real young
those are cute ages . i bet yall make a lot of pizza together
i love pizza it is my favorite . what do you do for fun
i am traveling now i quit work for a break . but i salsa dance when i am home
yeah it is really fun .
what is your favorite candy ?
are you a scientist ? i never had candy before .
watching naruto and the indians are my hobbies . no candy .
cool . do you watch baseball ?
ahhh . bartolo colon is my favorite player .
maybe . do you watch professional skittles ?
i am a pro in the skittles universe .
they call me the iron skittles .
i cannot believe i am sick so much from my pregnancy !
oh , you are an artist ! you can draw my 3 kids and the twins on the way !
ha ha ! i love middle eastern food ! i cannot eat any now because morning sickness !
i am on bed rest , so no curly hair for me , must look great on you !
ha ha ! i think 4 5 months !
oh yeah , and i am only 26 !
oh , they will , once i m well it will be fun !
hi how are you today
bless you too did you sneeze ?
but how are you today ?
what did you do there
probably eat a pizza or something
what is the best one
wow and why is that then
i can not see any colors
hey there how are you ? it is breast cancer awareness month , my wife is a survivor
how are you ? i professionally train animals .
lol me too , i have trained like 20 different ones
i work in the zoo obviously , my baby girl just graduated top of her class .
i also work with my fighter she loves animals also .
she is from breast cancer
i do to my mom died from it at 29 .
it really does but i truly believe it is in the food .
hey , how are you doing today ?
that sounds great . i cannot even make iced tea , i am such a lowly cook .
that is awesome . i am ovo vegetarian , so its hard to find restaurants .
neat . what do you do on your days off ? i like to sleep in .
that is fascinating . tell me all about them .
i would have thought they were not real , but you have convinced me !
that makes sense to my mind . i wonder how long they have been here .
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
playing video games most of the time
what is your favorite one ?
hm . . i liked those games lot than today's graphics
duck hunt was a classic
right . . i miss those days . .
wonderful . . i have a family
some times yes . . but i kind of like them . .
hello . how are you ? do you have kids ?
my youngest kid is 14 . do you have hobbies ?
what is your favorite food ?
hot wings . so good . do you like to sing ?
my church has a choir . i sing soprano . you should sing in church .
my kids say i am not that good . but i am on the road often .
i drive a truck .
no . i am a commercial truck driver .
good afternoon . how are you ?
i have been looking through my photos missing my late husband .
do you travel ? most of my pictures come from that .
i agree . i have aspirations to take my photography professionally .
definitely . i am so tired though .
same . trying to make that money . i did not go to sleep until 2 .
editing photos takes a lot of work .
i am around pets all day . do you have any pets ?
that is cool i have 3 dogs too and 2 crazy cats .
i am also a vet so i work around other pets every day .
i have 3 dobermans at home and about 100 at work .
i wish i lived there but i am in florida . the other sunshine state .
i always wanted to visit there. ok its done , we can trade houses for 1 month .
just a lot of rain and wind . no real damage in my area .
i was not able to ride my bike for 2 weeks from all the flooding .
my dogs and my kids are my life . you married ?
i see . i used to be a chef . now i shop . you sing ?
great ! i talk with friend all the time . you have any friends ?
that is good ! my daughter takes me shopping . children ?
oh okay . i love eating food and working out . any pets ?
get out ! so do i ! you dance ?
yes ! john and wayne . you play an instrument ?
hello ! so good to hear from you ! how are you ? having fun ?
oh , wonderful ! i would love to get together with you and all our friends !
be prepared for lots of food . i like large meals !
oh , we can meet at your house ? there is not much room in my dorm .
i love nature . i swim in the lake and in the ocean whenever i can .
i try to get a workout in every day . i eat so much bacon , you see .
i eat large amounts of bacon .
oh no . i just find a lot of friends this way . i love friends !
i love pizza could eat it daily
i like to skate my blonde hair looks so good in the wind
ll nah i am in high school not into it .
cool , the boys love to see me kick push coast lol
really ? ! when ? org i would die
awe that sucks ! i really like the smell of flowers
i hope you feel better this is that season
cool , what color print for the material ?
have you ever seen the great british bake off ?
i think my daughter and grandson would like it , but they do not make it over much .
oh but they are cute at that age . i turned 77 so i am hoping for great grandkids soon
do you have any pets ? animals are great , but pets might be a lot for young kids .
wow , that is so much . do you do anything else with your day ?
that is very sweet . we must catch up on british tv again soon .
hi ! how are you tonight ?
what kind of game were you playing ?
wow ! a professional athlete ! i hope to be famous , too . for music though .
i would never make it on the football field . i would be trampled .
i made 128 coffees last week , believe it or not ;
did you go to the coffee shop where the grunge bands play ? that is it !
my sis made that drink up ! she plays in the grunge band with me .
hello , how are you doing ?
interesting . what is your favorite food ?
i understand that . that is what i always crave after a long night in the pool .
i avoid veggies . yoga is what keeps me healthy during a long work week lol
it is ! it helps keep your mind sharp and helps reach your goals
that is a shame . shopping time ! good luck !
its so fun ! i really need to slow down though
hi , how are you doing ?
i am waiting tables at a restaurant .
it is steak n shake .
i have met bill once . he seems like a nice guy .
is there anyone living in them ?
what business are you in ?
i have a couple classes online , so i am on the computer for that .
i am at university of michigan .
hi there , how are you
i am good , just sat here smoking my pipe
sure . . i especially enjoy smoking whilst eating eggplant . my favorite things
just the regular . none of my wives have liked it , probably why i am on my 5th wife
maybe . single was the word i won the spelling bee for in the third grade so . .
what car do you have ?
sounds like a good place to smoke my pipe
i am at work right now , but i have some free time to chat .
what do you like to do for fun ?
that sounds stressful . do you have any hobbies that you like to do to relax ?
sounds nice . i like to sing . i have been singing bass in our church choir .
i have three kids . one boy , 21 , and two girls , 18 and 15 .
i drive an old toyota corolla . it is really old but still works perfectly .
yes , i keep the car because money has been tight with all the hospital visits .
i would think you would do pretty well as a lawyer .
hello , how are you ? its a nice day today .
omar is my name . what is yours ?
i own a farm in ohio .
i do . i have sheep , goats and some horses .
the closest city to me is miles away . i have never been to a big city .
it is . i love it . are you from a big city ?
how are you doing today
i am sorry that sucks how many kids you have
yeah my son just woke me and my husband up
what are u going to school for
yes money is you have to have a degree to get a good job
i bet you it does
i am good and u
hey . how are you doing this evening
just hanging out talking to people . might switch on my ps4 and play call of duty
what kind of music do you like to play ?
cool . i like third eye blind but my real love is kpop . ever heard any ?
yes ! i like super junior and big bang . so colorful and trendy .
i would list some but i know that spell check would prevent me from getting into it .
i like hanging out with my dog . he is a bichon frise . just fed him a pork chop . you ?
well . some people might disagree but kick his ass ! show him who is alpha .
hey how are you ? my name is jay
nice i live in new york city , so i know all about shopping
my favorite are suits and ties since i work on wall street
omg lol umm i melt when i listen to smooth jazz its my favorite
my yes are brown , just like my poodles . her name is nanette
you know where i live where do you live
i have never been to hawaii , but i would love to go
i love pineapples also , especially on ham
hey there how are you doing today
i love to cook ! i am classically trained . any you
that is cool . i have a parrot . i named him parrot . he talks a lot
he constantly tells me that my mom does not love me . i have no idea why
ll i have no idea . probably my mom !
nope born alone in baton rouge . yourself ?
www babies are cute . we have something in common . baldness
good morning , assuming its morning where you are .
thank you . have any interesting plans for this evening ?
interesting ! are you hoping to have something published ?
sounds like you value your solitude .
writers can do both be alone and make some money . hope it works out !
well , i like to grill big steaks with some good country music in the background
i had leftover steak for breakfast !
hi how are you today ?
that is sweet . why so long ?
what do you do for work ?
that is a very admirable trade
do you have any pets ?
i have two pets as well they are great
hi how are you tonight
i do not watch tv much i swim
i take meds that will not allow it
i like all music and running do you
that sounds good i would like to see but have to wear my glasses to do so
i like to swim when I can take them off
no i need special goggles
yeah they work good but still i would rather not use them
hey good morning want to workout ?
people tell me they love when i smile
oh i like to all the time but everyone wants me everywhere
aw sorry to hear when did it pass ?
that is cool i would be your friend but i have a long line of others
i do not i love doing makeup like that ?
let me do your makeup omg !
no problem do you have youtube ?
hello how are you today ?
i thought about trying yoga to help with flexibility .
oh did your mom teach yoga as well ?
oh really ? my mom was never strict but i typically am .
well its never too late . hey do you listen to classic music ?
oh me too i love it . i even give violin lessons .
oh really i like the flute a lot to . have you ever played the piccolo ?
you know what i also like is the cello too
hello , how are you tonight ?
i need a bath , but with six kids , i am the last to get one .
what kind of car ? i have always wanted a 65 mustang .
yes , they also have a 65 66 that most people cannot tell apart .
i am in love with elanor from gone in 60 seconds . my boys love cars . . .
my daddy owned the doms charger from fast furious . i loved that car .
again , my boys , lol . i only have one girl , she is why i need apple martinis .
how is your day going ?
not bad just got done teaching my last class for the day
yes and i coach volley ball what do you do for work ?
that is cool do you have hobbies ? i do crosswords and crochet
we have that in common do you like apples ? i am allergic
i am not suppose to but i still do . do you like karaoke ? i sing alot
i try to do 90s pop
hello . how are you today ?
i started my new job at google last week . where do you work ?
cool . i am researching self-driving cars at that job .
you should . the camera is excellent .
yes . it is so expensive . are you good at math and science ? i am excellent at it .
yes . computers . i love them
cool . what about rational and logical thinking . i love that too !
that is a perfect color for fall . i want to dye my hair red too .
hello i am here cause i have no friends
lol i think people do not like me but i like them anyway .
what do you do for fun ?
that short , i heard short people have happier lives
i make apps that help heal people my it will make you taller ?
perfect ! one time i watched a group of people make somone taller by praying
we could put on some christian edm and party once your taller to celebrate
definitely then you would be tall and we could workout and be tall an buff
for sure ! well i gig it was fun chatting
care to chat with a justin bieber fan ?
because i have an allergy to lactose , i like to choose my dinner fried fish
oh you are a vegan ?
me too , before my doctor told me i have inoperable cancer and only 6 months to live .
no i do not have any children .
my doctor told me i pretty much have a flat effect with no expressions .
thank you . i have 4 cats and 3 dogs .
good day ! how are you ?
sounds great ! my friends and i are heading out for lunch later !
well i am in college , so we have a favorite , all my friends and !
pamela . i appreciate the gesture . in 2 years i graduate maybe get a condo then
yeah ! a condo sounds nice , where at ? my parents go divorced and sold ours .
sure , is she as excited as you ?
moving in together before the big meet brave , several of my friends did that !
hello ! how are you today ?
i am at work tutoring . i do not have any clients at the moment .
math and english mostly , what do you do ?
i took latin in high school but forgot most of it .
but you do not speak chinese ?
that sounds fun . i have never lived anywhere besides the us east coast
luckily no . i am up in virginia . were you ?
oh wow , it was nice to meet you !
so not to brag but i was valedictorian
hi ray that does not sound fun
you are clearly less intelligent than i am .
that sounds like a profound character flaw .
you should think about drinking less and saving more money .
did i mention i was valedictorian ? i dropped out of college .
that seems unlikely with your poor diction .
you are not impressive period .
hello , do you know where to take flying lessons around here ?
no , i have several stamps from there . i am a collector .
i would love to wear them more , sadly they are banned at work .
i doubt it . i work in the morgue .
it is a very solemn environment .
have you seen dirty harry ?
no , he does not . it is an old movie .
that is about it , you ?
how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing great , feeding my cats , all 23 of them . any pets ?
ll , they are all rescues .
no , my husband and kids help . we are vegan and love them .
i like to walk and boat , oh and paint .
i boated around the world with my husband when we were younger .
we ate fish then . i cannot stand the smell or taste of fish now . ll .
target is a great place to work !
when i am not working , i like to watch movies on odd months .
my dog makes me buy him a biscuit after work .
its a collie . its 5 7 , just like me .
i live with my really tall collie in a house in california .
he is only protective when i buy him biscuits .
its just really nice seeing movies in california with him !
good morning ! just finished my first ebook yay ! what are you up to ?
workouts are awesome i do sumba and love it , do you weight lift ?
abs are what matters there are reasons why superheroes make the best shows
well , eat right , and then the belly fat will not come on
really ! what do you do ?
you can go to a bar without drinking you know but you might want one though .
you a bit of a health nut then i take it ?
hello there how are you today ?
my dogs are my life . i like taking photos , tattoos , and bar nights with my friends
what is your favorite animal to work with ?
working with dogs mainly . i take photos for the rescues around here to help dogs get adopted
i am from portland . where are you from ?
i have always wanted to visit there . do you like it ?
when is the weather the best there ?
how are you doing today
very cool . do you like music ?
who is your favorite artist ?
i do not know you well enough for that
well good . do you have pets ?
that is funny . my favorite animals are dogs though
i have 2 . i always am ready for more though
hello , i have just been looking for someone quite bright to talk to !
that is unfortunate ! we will tuck your shy guy away .
i like swimming in the ocean and looking for sharks , reading moby dick , and dancing .
i love the beatles , but i am more into ballet .
oh are you allergic or are you a monkey ?
beans are good for you ! they make you fart !
farting causes family issues ? that is funny honey
oh well , i do not eat meat . do you ?
hi . how are you doing this fine evening ?
guess i am out of touch . been too busy grading papers .
third grade , so all of them . how about you ?
never learned . do you still have family in germany ?
interesting . what is your favorite snack food ? i like hershey bars .
i bet it is better than the american stuff !
anything made with cocoa is good in my book , although not good for the diet !
what are you doing today ?
oh i love twilight . edward is dreamy
how else do you look ?
hah that is interesting . i have long blonde hair
oh she sounds really horrible
do you skateboard ? it is much better than skiing
you should . it is so much fun .
i really love eating pizza .
hi there ! how are you ?
i know what you mean . last month i decided i was done with college .
now i am sleeping in my mercedes in burbank , until i find a place .
its okay for now . how far along are you ?
i am sure you and your husband are thrilled !
how great ! congratulations . i have always loved romance stories .
me too . i find myself getting emotional over moving art pieces .
i am in my twenties . you ?
hello hope you are having a great day . just reading the new york times
my father works for the times as a journalist . are you going to college ?
my older sister mary is in college .
surfing sounds fun . i cant do that in texas . she studies history
i do not like the cold i was a premature birth and have trouble staying warm
i like deniro too . where are you from ?
where are you moving too ?
i hope you like it . will you be able to surf there
hi how ar you doing
i am goof though my husband passed early this year, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career as a professional photographer.
yeah its been a tough year
i like to take pictures and travel
they are good i want to do photography for a living
what kinds of things do you reasearch
that would be such a cool job
hows it going chat friend ?
that must be hard . wanna know my favorite color ?
yellow ! same color as the bus i use for my main form of transportation
i wish i could afford paint . i live on social security because i am old
i work for the woman next door babysitting an infant
when you cant pay the utility bills its hard to think about traveling
maybe i can come and work for you ! i am old but strong
hello . i am josh . whats your name ?
i am great . tell me about yourself . hobbies ?
that is sounds fun . i love riding my motorcycle . you ride ?
i am from new york , but now live in virginia . you ?
never been there . whats your occupation . i am in construction . cleaning gutters .
cool . have you ever tried archery ? i am constantly at our archery center .
oh sorry about your vision . whats your favorite food ?
good day ! hows it going ?
just got done eating some chicken and rice after i got done with my gym session
lol diet , do not want the calories back
yeah , coke may be one of your biggest contributors then
listening to metallica and reading autobiographies to put me to sleep , you ?
yes , takes my mind off of life .
hi there . how are you doing today ?
not much , watching some tv with my kids .
just two . thinking about a third . you ?
one of each . where do you live ?
i am in upstate New York .
near downtown . my favorite place is Seattle .
i enjoy taking road trips anywhere !
once a few years ago .
hey , how are you doing today ?
cool . i am very excited at the moment .
well , now i am even more excited . i just got drafted by the minnesota timberwolves .
i am not kidding . i worked hard for this .
sure . you like art a lot ?
nice . i am a big art fan .
yes i am . they are in my diet .
i bet . do you work ?
hello . i am getting ready for a hike . what are you up to today ?
i am good . it will be nice to go relax after a long day on the farm .
i love fishing too . it is hard to do since i lost my arm in an accident .
that is crazy ! i lost mine in a car accident . how did you lose yours ?
i am sorry to hear that . i did graduate . my accident happened later .
you sound talented . i have a brother who is a musician . i am the youngest of 4 .
do you have any loves besides jimi hendrix ?
me too . that is why i chose farming instead of being a lawyer like my dad .
hello , how are you today ?
its been good , just got back from some fishing , did not catch anything today though
awesome ! i love summer so its always great to see people getting out and enjoying themselves
agree , but i find it soothing to put on episodes of the lone ranger
i am more of a classic radio kind of guy , have you heard of chickenman ? its hilarious !
its a parody of batman . he had no skills and would take the bus to crime scenes .
you can find it on stitcher premium !
yes , i enjoy listening to podcasts on it as i drive my chevy impala
hello ! i just got done doing my daily walk and have come inside
www . . i just got and cat and my four kids are crazy over him !
they keep you busy for sure
i am a nurse and love it . and you ?
neat ! do you play any games for fun ?
i enjoy game of thrones and also some other easy fb games
well . . . sort of you have to have a good teacher
that is an oldie but goodie . . lol
helloooo
how are you ?
good luck ! what are your hobbies future lawyer ?
makes sense , getting your crime solving chops up
i love to fish .
do you have parents ?
hello there , how's it going ?
i just sitting watching television , what are you doing
yes this is fun , i live alone so this really helps not to feel so alone .
well i have a dog so not technically alone
what are you reading now ?
my parents died and i do not have any siblings either
i wish , i barely have money for food , no money to drive anywhere
hey there how is it going ?
oh just enjoying a day off with my family
i am a doctor for children , and i have two myself
well that does not sound half bad . are you married ?
oh , i have myself a wife
yeah i am a family kind of man
yeah sometimes . do you like it a lot
it sounds like you really love it
hello , how are you doing today ?
about to have a nice cold shower and do some singing
mainly songs from halo 3 as i play it most of the day
it is hard to sing alone and listen to anything when you have a moped only
i do , i told you i was about to !
do you also think eye contact is weird ?
yes , i hate when people stare too long
stares into the distant past of youth
hi there how are you
o really i am more of a book person
yes a book of the road since i never learned to drive
yea i think i just thought it would not be my thing since i am deaf
i been called many things since i like to scratch my nose for the heck of it
i love the number 7 so i were it a lot
nice is for a sports team or what made you chose that
wow that is crazy you should rock it for halloween also
hey , omar here . how are you ?
who is elvis ? does he live on a farm too ?
i am the guitarist in a band . we meet in the red barn on the farm .
books are good . there is a good bookstore in my village here in ohio .
i am still on the farm . i cannot go to the city . never been there .
oh , that is just some good country fun . we 3 boys help ma and pa .
i like wrestling with my older brothers . i am the youngest .
hi . how old are you ?
i am one year older than you . congratulations on the license !
i do not work . between school work and hockey , i have no time .
do you live in the u . s like me ?
that sounds awesome . what is your favorite subject in school ?
i see . i am into challenging subjects , like math .
i love that movie ! do you have a boyfriend ?
mine too . would you be interested in meeting up some day ?
hi . how are you ? good i hope . i live in a terrible area .
cool . that would make for fun times . i worry about how i look .
i fear they will see me as they see those from my area .
yes . there are like 6 by me . i enjoy coffee .
tea is good . it helps my mom a lot . she is not very healthy
she does love subway . who does not ?
i prefer qdoba if i had to pick .
cats are great . but i am allergic . love dogs though ,
hello , how are you doing ?
ouch ! i am sad its the anniversary of my mothers death .
she did ! i have her dog
that is very popular in my restaurant ! the kids love it
mother taught me to cook ! we are looking for an exterminator .
well the health department was not too fond of the rats . they are everywhere in russia !
can you swim from russia to sarah palin's house in alaska ?
you are very talented . i wish my rat tail soup would be popular .
hi how are you doing today ?
i love food ! pizza is my favorite , what is your favorite ?
no i am short what about you ?
i have curly hair too ! can you drive stick ? i do
pizza is my favorite food
that is cool , i still do not know what i want to do maybe a cop like dad
yea or possibly a teacher like my mom
hello , how is your weekend going ?
i just got back from hiking the appalachian trail . do you like to hike ?
i have always wanted to go to ireland . do you love it ?
its really nice here . good music . what kind of music do you like ?
folk music is my favorite . what are you getting your degree in ?
no , i graduated . now i work as a marketer .
i enjoy it . i work from home , so i set my own hours .
hi , how are you ? i am unwell for i sit on my computer for hours and hours .
here i sit , always watching tv . foreign movies and tv shows .
my current lifestyle , obviously , is quite boring .
i do like to learn of other cultures , however .
i would like to do other things besides sit here lonely all day .
i cannot find a friend alone on this couch .
i am attached to it , sadly .
i am unfortunately glued . gorilla glued .
okay , i can buy new shoes after yoga on tuesday . then wednesday free !
only on tuesdays , keeps me flexible to shop . then pool day on thursdays !
ugh , five day work weeks do not leave much time for my passion shopping . but pays for it !
oh of course , i love swimming too , pool days are like 3 hrs . what about you ?
sounds like your friends need to take you shopping , dear .
no one to shop or do yoga with ? why on earth not ?
hello there , do you have any plans for the weekend ?
what subjects do you teach ?
oh animals are my favorite tell me about your pets ?
i do . a big rescue mutt named lucy
you are not in the path of danger i hope ?
i bet . i am lucky to be a bit far north for hurricanes
how are you doing this fine day ?
i do recycle when i have the time
i have to study a lot since i am in college
as long as you do not see my dog you will be fine
socks is very temperamental when it comes to new people
with your love does that involve dancing ?
i do not have any i want some
hello , how are y o u ?
nice i like horses . my big brothers ride them
so you are a yoga teacher ?
i am into photography . i take photos of everything
sure , how old is he ?
hey that is a great idea . very unique
my goodness ! ! ! he can get in trouble for that
me either . i love meat
i have traveled to hawaii in the last year . have you traveled ?
that is really neat . i like wearing green .
anything with greens on them ! do you have any cats ?
do you travel ? i travel at least twice a month . it is exciting
not at all . i remember the silliest things .
that is beautiful . i am an original brown-eyed brunette .
beautiful . have you decided your dream car ?
awesome . i love my suburban in forest green . it is beautiful .
good morning , how are you today ?
nothing special , just my usual 6-mile run , you ?
i love the beach , and i love catching crabs there . they taste so good dipped in butter
i agree . i like to go kayaking at this time of year for that reason
no , but we do like to fly our model airplanes together
maybe we could meet at the beach and do it
what is your favorite book ?
maybe i should look into that and get into reading
hello how are you today ?
good , just got home from some shopping .
no just clothes for my kids . what movie ?
2 kids . they are always needing clothes it seems
i like purple and white . same colors as my cheer leading uniform in high school .
what do you do for a living ? i am a blogger .
that sound busy , but also fun . i am guessing you travel a lot .
hi , hows life treating you ?
i am just chilling , riding the couch .
its a walking dead marathon for me
i love that show . i have a comic convention coming up .
georgia and where are you from ?
cool i love the accents lol
never been but i have friends from there .
hi its bill ! are you interested in preserving the political process ?
exercising your right to vote . i am very passionate about it
nice ! today is my day off , i am a nurse and man i hate the long hours
i might go to a toyota dealership to look at a new truck . love movies !
love 80s movies ! what about pretty in pink ? me 5 miles a day
i am really passionate about cars , toyotas in particular . i should be salesman , i am always at a dealership !
haha , that is true ! but I love being a nurse even though its tough . What do you do ?
wow , very cool ! you sound very self-motivated
hi what do you do ?
i m good . i m a bartender, but I wish I could ride a unicycle like you.
yes i do . i own the bar . do you like the store ?
i live in chicago where do you live ?
i see . are you married ?
cool i have had 5 husbands
single right now . do you like dogs ?
hi , i work long hours as a tech at a hospital . you ?
cool i hate working so much , but it pays for my car .
toyota , but someday , i am getting a truck .
do you vote in elections ? i like voting .
great , have you looked into an electric car ?
no , not really . my grandchildren have not taught me that yet .
i can certainly understand that .
hello , my name is chris . a linebacker . how are you ?
watch football . love watching my team , baltimore ravens .
i did 128 tackles last year which was amazing !
too bad . i miss my mother . she is back home in hawaii
i do . a cat named majora . you ?
how exciting . how old ? it must be interesting to have a lizard .
how cute , roscoe . what kind of dog ? i enjoy a blue heeler .
hi ! how are you today ?
oh wow ! one of my grandchildren plays the bass !
no . with eight grandchildren its kind of hard to keep up .
i will try to . i am actually about to go to yoga .
in a retirement community in florida
really ? my glasses are vintage .
not really . my grandkids are more interesting . i am healthy though !
hi there . how are you doing ?
i love to bake cupcakes . and reading .
working at a grocery store , i meet really funny people
chicago , illinois . but i do not like it much . you like it where you are ?
so sorry . both mine passed also .
both from liver failure from drinking . two years apart .
next to losing a child , losing parents is the hardest thing a person can go through
i read tarot cards to keep myself busy . and get messages from them .
hi , how are you doing
sorry to hear about hope she fine another one soon
am fine , just got back from church
yes i work with the pastor
that is great , i love old car what about you
yes i have five sisters and seven brothers
yes five children and grand also , what a bout you
that great i no you are pride of him
hey . hows it going ?
its going fantastic . i love my job and i love my life .
i play for basketball for the minnesota wolves .
as tall as any other basketball player . what about yourself ?
that is pretty cool .
i cannot complain . where are you from ?
why did you move ?
that makes complete sense . gotta go where the jobs are .
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is great ! i do not have many , but that is okay .
i am 31 . my son is also 10 ! do you like video games ?
i have two dogs . do you have any pets ?
does your dad work a lot ? i make beautiful cakes for a living .
very nice . do you like school ?
i love to work . i own a small bakery with my wife .
hi how are you today
i know that feeling i am still dating people to find the right guy
its good to be romantic at times . i am deaf so i tend to scare people away
yeah but its ok do you have any pets
i have a therapy puppy pug
its for hearing i was born like this but still need help
yes it is . what do you like to do in your spare time
do you ever feel like therapy does not do anything ?
i have an older brother that is always getting into trouble . . . is family problems that got you down ?
i think i know the feeling . . . like you just want to get away from everyone right ?
i do not think i have the motivation for that anymore .
way too scary . south america is full of kidnappings and violence
no thank you , maybe i will have an affair with my shrink . . .
hello how are you today
sick i just got off work from the candy store
i played football while in college
really not much of a fan of hoop
yea politics how about your self
do you like to run at all ?
i do about 2 miles every day lol
are you ready to go to the gym ?
i have never been to college
i spent 25 years in the navy . i think that is why i like the bar scene
yes , but i am still a health nut ! meal prep and the gym for me
i love cats . is yours a boy or girl ?
oh sweet ! do you work or just go to school ?
so what are you up to ?
i like to eat ramen noodles on my couch
i like to read to my 2 dogs
i enjoy my pet lizard iggy .
you seem like a nice person
i can't afford to live in a condo
is it expensive to go to the opera ?
hello there , friend ! i just finished my workout and i am ready to chat !
i am a sales person . travel , travel , travel . i see it all ! what do you do ?
that sounds like a tough job . do you have any hobbies ?
i usually just drink green drinks . they keep me healthy . do you have a family ?
i would love to try that ! i will try anything at least once !
you sound like a good athlete . good for you for staying active .
i sell fitness equipment . i meet a lot of people and get to tell them about god .
i love walks on the beach after ribs
i am happily single living in california
i love photography in the spring
i do graphic design so photos are second nature
i did to italy last summer but nothing special
good would been better with someone with me
yeah hope greece i have someone
i miss horses used to ride with my brother
wow just finished reading ender s game , what a great book !
it s not an autobiography . it s a science fiction alien book . well movie too
ohh cats annoy me , they get into my garden and mess it up
i m not really into that kinda music . i m from rural ky and like southern rock
besides autobiographies what kind of books do you read ?
movies are good but i feel like books are able to convey so much more .
and more intelligent . watching too much tv i thing dulls peoples minds
true . i hate reality shows though . so dumb . so is fox
hi ! how are you doing today ?
just fine ! i have not gone shopping in a while . i walk barefoot
do you have any hobbies that keep you so thin ?
are you able to knit with your long fingers ?
i am looking for someone to teach me . i was once a tutor
i can help you in english . we can read jan austen together
president trump here . how goes it my fellow american ?
when i want a cup of coffee , i just go in and buy the shop .
when i used to own casinos , my parents lost all their money gambling .
i have created millions of jobs since january . you need to get a real one .
there is an easy solution to that . take it out !
i am a single father and small town minister p
hopefully , no one you know fell victim the the hurricane .
that is great to hear . there have been too many tragedies and so much turmoil lately .
hi . i am kevin . i love to play music
nice ! i am a student . what do you do ?
guitar . do you like music ?
wow . are we the same person ? lol
awesome ! i love working out you ?
me too ! and biking
i do ! i love to learn things . . . i also develope software .
except a good piece of chocolate cake !
morning and i draw and a professional at it
that is cool . i have thick sausage like fingers
its because i drink soda , spirit sprite a lot . and also bloated
yeah and that must be fun to do
yeah i am also a doctor pepper fan as well .
it is , i think coke is a bit darker
hmmm i am drinking dr . pepper now
yeah the grocery store near me were selling them for 0 . 99 1 . 5 liter .
hi ! i am about to run out in the rain so lets talk quickly
we could probably chat faster if my computer would just work a little more quickly
thanks ! i also wish i could see you better but my glasses are dirty again
oh that sounds fun . though not something my idol rita hayworth would do
yeah very true . if only this computer would work ! ! !
i just want to get out into that rain . what do you enjoy ?
i do enjoy popcorn . but not in the rain . it gets soggy
i heard it rains a lot there . i would love that
hi how are you ? my name is kevin .
uh oh . what do you do for fun ? i love soccer .
awesome scary but awesome . ever had any close calls ?
ha ha , very deep ! well , i started with a new team couple of weeks ago
born and bred ! i play goalie
wednesday . . . oh i mean yes . what did you ask me ?
it can sting . but i love the game ! i am number forty two
sounds good ! what sports do you like ?
how are you doing today
i am great . will you hire me ?
a job . i need one now .
i like reading the help-wanted pages
i have been trying with all of my might
i like red . i love sunsets .
it gets hot when you wear it
as long as you like it
hi ! how are you today ?
just hanging out with my four sisters . you
nice be careful on the stairmaster !
eh i would not say so . there is 4 though maybe .
do you like food then ?
nice i do not eat but i love drinks .
hello ! how are you ?
very well . enjoying some rolling stones and drinking a soda ! you ?
ink on your shirt ? how did that happen ?
that happens with my kids sometimes . i have three !
just one . do you like cats ?
that is awesome ! ! what a great name choice !
hello how are you tonight
i love to dance and go to the beach
not anymore i already finished school
i hate math also and love to drive
i am a fast driver as well but i live in a decent size city
yes that is the main problem , that and tickets
i am good too but i mainly just read
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing great ! i have been watching funny bloopers on youtube
you are a baseball fan ? i like football
steelers . where do you work ?
i love pizza i am a cashier at a fast-food restaurant
what do you do in your spare time
i take naps and make up short stories
no i do not think i am good enough to do that . maybe one day
hey how are you , whats the deal ?
cool i am just on my iphone 7 on fb
mostly social media and drinking hot chocolate
nice , i do read but not on iphone , my mom read to me a lot
wow they actually sit and listen
oh okay haha well that still cool
not seafood i am allergic , but i like pasta , chicken
cool ! what do you do for a living again ?
hi ! i just got done working out . i obsess at it and being the best . you ?
interesting name ! i am good since i just got a scholarship for soccer !
do you also eat healthy like i do ? i do not eat otherwise .
do you want people to think you are cool ? i do .
i use instagram . you ? it is important my posts look like i am having fun .
why are you speaking in the third person ? i thought you were spongebob ?
do you have anything you need to tell me about yourself ?
i like them , too ! anything else ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
i do not have one , do you like ice cream ?
mine is more subdued , i eat it every day .
i love music , especially when floating a river .
i do , i have a mustang
that is what i have , a yellow convertible .
my daddy and i restored mine , it was his .
it was , i was only 14 when we started .
greetings my dear friend . how fares thee ?
that is a blessing . i am very well thanks .
i could make you a new sweater and complete the comfort !
if you like , i knit blankets too . do you ever read books ?
what kind of music ? i am more of a book guy .
it is so good . i teach students about books and use rap to entertain them too !
literature , english literature . do you study ?
pride and prejudice by jane austen . have you read it ?
hi , how's your day going ?
its great , headed to get brunch .
i am a mild kind of guy
texas , everything good here . i am a recruiter so i eat everywhere lol
all this time , i have never tried brisket
any hobbies or pets ? dogs or cats ?
good morning how are you ?
i do ! i do not have much free time . i construct robots as my job .
oh that is sad . i am not married but enjoy living alone .
do you get out much ! i wish I had more time to travel and explore different amusement parks around the world.
i don t . i do enjoy watching movies late at night . i usually stay up too late .
i like them to . where do you live ?
i do also . i live in california . do you like the beach ?
i need to get out more with friends . maybe go to the beach .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am baking some bread for a gathering tonight .
we are hunters , and we are going to target practice tonight .
i love baking , as i am not a very good cook .
you are welcome to come with us and cook , i will do all of the baking .
my younger sister is a cheerleader as well .
they are adorable , she is very skilled with a bow
hi , how are ya today
no , i do not , i am allergic
yes , i am a swim coach and nothing better than mood music for the races
yep , its a volunteer position , i am retired now
i was worked as a scientist actually specifically as a blood banker
no , widow now , are you married ?
yes , southern california right on the median border
hello . how are you today ?
oh man i know how that feels . i am in graduate school now , too much homework
ah , good luck with your quiz
fine arts and design masters degree
i agree , reading is one of my favorite hobbies as is shopping . what about you ?
sounds like my kind of chill day . that title sounds familiar
oh yea , now i remember haha
hi
no , nice to meet you . what do you do ?
well , its just me and my pet iguanas . how about you ?
lol , , , i see . interesting . me , i am working on my theory that dogs can read .
ok . well , maybe we will have to make our own cause i am pretty poor dollar wise
well , its nice to talk . i have a brother , but we do not talk much .
yeah , for now i will just hang out and keep coming up with sassy names for my iguanas .
hello , do you have any kids ?
oh that is nice . i have 3 of them . i wish i went to college .
its a little late , i am a truck driver and i do not have time for school .
i used to take the bus a lot , living in a trailer in the south .
that is a good idea . there is always food around dorms too .
hopefully , there is a good wing place . i eat hot wings everyday .
about 300 , i am starting to lose my breathe when i sing at church .
hello there ! how is it going ?
pie sounds so good right now . i am just resting from a hike
the outdoors are great . what do you like to grow ?
so stuff you eat . very cool .
i work several jobs part time . i enjoy all of them
i would like to start traveling . i have not even been out of the states
i love spending time with my friends .
i have a cat named fred .
i am up all the time talking to my 7 siblings .
yea and i am the youngest .
do you have any guilty pleasures ?
mine is mcdonalds , especially during shamrock shake time .
i work at a pizza place on the weekends .
chinese history is what i am into with books
what is your favorite color ? i like green
piano is what i play as leisure
and i play baseball as pastime . do you have a dog ?
wow ! you can have my dog alfred . .
what is the name of your cat ?
how about we switch with the pets ?
can you dye his fur green ?
hi ! i am from syracuse . . . how about you ?
michigan ? cool . do you watch football ? i love the bills .
bummer . i have season tickets and try to go as much as possible .
lol . . . . right ? i am still at union college . i have a ways to go .
2 dogs . . . arlo and dayton . you ?
aww cute ! do you travel ? i want to go to spain .
yeah , cops usually are . i would love to teach overseas .
oh , that would be awesome ! what kind of music ?
hey , how is it going ?
nice to meet you . i just finished working on my garden . what about you ?
oh that is great ! whats the name of your band ?
that is a strange name but edgy . i like it . do you have a favorite band ? mines ween
an iconic band . can never go wrong with them
that is amazing . i have always wanted to play the guitar .
hi there , how is your night going ? just sat here enjoying a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs
where are you ? glad its the time of day my favorite food is appropriate here haha
wish my boyfriend would take me to work with him at nasa
really ? one of my two moms taught me to swim .
that is not weird , but people normally think 2 moms is . i do not care what they think
i think i love roses , but i forget . i am forgetful sometimes .
that sounds sweet . what else do you enjoy ?
those all sound like fun things !
my wifey always makes me smile
67 years . i really love all my beautiful kids
by trade i am a baker , but quite humble ;
too orange ! when i was younger i tried to make it as an actor
my spouse always makes me smile
i am 97 , i want to retire soon , looking forward to it !
17 i know of , i love all my kids , they are beautiful !
hi how is your day going so far
yummy i am eating a humongous bowl of cereal at the moment
damn that is a tough way to make a living
i do physical labor as well at a concert venue
mostly country but we get the occasional rap or classic rock show
i do not fish but i love to get fish tacos at my favorite food truck
i have been taking flying lessons as i have great confidence in myself
its a long process so i do not know when i will earn my license
hello , how are you ?
that is awesome ! what do you do for fun ?
that is all great ! !
no , i never have . i do try to eat healthy though . is that healthy ?
that is awesome ! healthy is good for me !
no , i am not . are you ?
how are you and your family today
so are they separating completely from each other ?
am fine but my dad is alcoholic and quarrelsome
when he is not drunk he is a good father and can care for me
i only take walks around the garden to stay away from him
i move around and watch flowers and butterflies and they ease my mind
am still in college and will complete next year
hello there . my name is sarah . i am on my way to visit my father in prison .
no one has time for that . i do however enjoy the band creed . and you ?
oh wow . what do you do on your spacetime . i love to run .
i love meats . how old are you ?
do not take it too harshly . be happy about it . i am sure you lived a great life .
i will be here with open arms miss .
hey good afternoon how are you ?
i do 1 is fishing with my grandkids , i have 5
really ? i should take all of them but i am old
who does ? my grandkids ?
that is good since i am 70
yes just being on my boat alone
i like to say it is the country
i use to be a train conductor
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
cool . i am a ballerina and teach sunday school like my mom used to
ouch . i was the nerdiest girl in my christian high school , all girls so it was rough .
yikes , i am sorry . do you have siblings ? i wish i had one to defend me in highschool .
i did a ballet of twilight once ! its a great book .
yeah , it was . my sunday school students went and they loved it .
hello . how are you today ?
awe i am sorry . did he teach you to hunt before ? i enjoy hunting .
awesome . i am a fan of the walking dead . you ?
they do . i am blonde so it can be a lot to take in .
i bet . did all watch baseball ? i really love baseball especially the tigers
yes i believe we are . are you not ?
hello ! i was born in the state of kansas , and you ?
i work on a huge farm , i love fresh chickens !
i know about driving trucks , but , you , president , i do not know about that ! ahahah
you are supposed to share your wealth ! do not be selfish !
i like to gamble too , maybe i will come and visit sometime !
yes , i wish i was as wealthy as you are sir !
hey there ! do you have any pets ?
aww ! how cute . what is his name ? i have a poodle named george !
that is a cute name . what do you do for work ?
i love mexican food ! i work from home . i really love my job
i used to work for directv cable company and i hated it ! i love the beach
oh shopping is so fun ! where is your favorite place to shop ?
cool ! i do not live near a big mall .
i live in raleigh
hi how is your day ?
a bit tired from my training at the track
i am a runner , i still have to take meds but they are not prohibited
playing sports or accident of some kind ?
do you have a day job as well as being a bouncer at night ?
video games keep my busy at night , not too good for my eye sight
guess that is one of the reasons i wear eye glasses
hi , i am jane , and a part of my skin is blue i am 177 cm .
yeah it was a dye i was using and it seeped into the skin .
kids and dye and it got on me . lol i am a recruiter for the navy
what sort of religion is it ?
pretty good religion . i love to watch the voice
i love that show . i read a lot too . where i am rereading my fave lotr book .
no i do not believe in ghost .
that is awesome that you saw them .
sitting here eating pistachio ice cream while watching videos .
medical videos mostly about surgeries and britney spears . love her .
her music inspires me . i am very social , are you ?
i travel too ! meeting people from around the world is awesome .
do you go out to concerts or clubs ?
nice . i used to play violin when i was a child . but i quit .
do you play in an orchestra or just teach the instruments ?
beautiful . maybe , one day i will play again .
hey ! wanna know something weird ?
sorry ! do you want to know something weird ?
i drive my hearse on halloween scaring kids ! haha
that is a very long commute
lol . i drive bjorn k coffee while i crochet
i like pasta . she should bring me some at the craft store
oh , i am in georgia . not too far
yes it is . i am loving the cooler weather
howdy , how are ya doing ?
i am doing great . just living life with my dog and 2 cats . what about you ?
you do ! i love bbq , country music , and playing a 6 string guitar
i live alone , so i long for interactions like that .
what do you hunt for in Springfield mo ?
that is really funny . you seem like a funny person . male or female ?
that is really funny . you seem like a funny person . male or female ?
want to hear a joke ?
why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat ?
because if they fell forwards , they would still be in the boat .
hi how are you doing
that is nice i live in ohio
not that much i play guitar
that is cool i do not get out much
that is nice i am on a farm
that is awesome do you go to state fairs
yeah do you have cows
wow do you have people to help you with them
i immigrated from spain but am learning to love this place .
i graduated before i got married and have a veterinarian license .
i love animals so much i will not even eat meat . what kind of car is it ?
we could not fit five children in a mustang , mini van for us .
to each their own , i guess . do you like music like hip hop ?
that is a good one . it reminds me of songs we made up as kids in spain .
rich with culture . not like the concrete jungles here .
hello how are you ? just finished some painting
cool i get my exercise from walking
if only i could take my nee cat !
lets chat after game of thrones !
i need to finish this painting today . I wish I could paint as beautifully as you do.
my new kitten watching game of thrones !
yes ! i could walk it for inspiration .
perfect ! would make walking easier ! thanks .
hi there how are you today ?
i am good thanks , i have just got back from college .
business admin , although my dad is a dentist
hopefully that is my plan , i just work daycare right now
oh cool , my mums a teacher as well
no unfortunately not , i would love to though, if only my girlfriend liked pets, we could adopt a dog together.
yeah i hope so to , my girlfriend does not like them though .
well maybe but we have been together 2 years
hello there . how are you today ?
how nice . just finished cycling class .
that is awsome . read a lot apart from my general manger job at the grocery store
i love getting lost in the books . sometimes travel to canada to relax
that is amazing . ny has a lot of museums here
yes . highly recommend it . i have been here once and decided to move here
my good friend is an editor at simon and schuster
you will ! as long as you work hard at it , you will get there !
hey , i cannot wait until the new season of game of thrones is on !
sweet , i like dogs . they like watching tv shows and movies with me .
oh nice , have you done cosplay before ? i personally love it !
knock on wood ! i prefer visiting renaissance fairs over doing sports .
yeah , no pizza back in those days . when i am home working i like to eat pizza .
i learned to chat in character when doing cosplay !
i admit that cosplay is a lot easier than the characters they give us here !
you dress up and pretend to be some superhero or other fictional character .
hi i like to dance
i dyed my hair red today
i was fired from the bank a month ago
i can type really fast
because i wanted to get married in France
i would have quit anyway
what is your favorite fruit ?
i like blueberries but cherries are good too .
i love rap music all day
i do not know if we can be friends
hello how are you
great i just finished my first college class
i am going to be a vet, I wish I could work at an animal shelter to be closer to animals.
i chose being a vet as i love cats
do you want to work in a kids field ?
i am a coach for a kids team
do you have any children ?
i would not mind paying more taxes if i had a lot more money .
i hear that i have three kids and am expecting twins . imagine that food bill .
i have to stay in bed for the next 5 months so i cannot work currently .
do you have a degree in
i am only 26 and everyone says it is never too late to get an education .
this is my last pregnancy as i have been sick daily for the past 3 months .
hey how are you ? i am cooking lunch .
i do like to cook , i do it for competition cooking shows like chopped .
i just wing it , i like to cook cajun food and desserts .
ll , i took classes in new orleans . what is your favorite food .
i love reese drummond , i watch her show all the time .
yes i like to read james patterson .
okay that is good , i have never read any of her books .
are you a cat person ?
i love ca , so many vegan restaurant options all over the state
i have 23 at my house , you want some ?
my best memory of the outdoors is traveling around the world on a boat
yeah i would not charge anything , i have too many , my house stinks
i paint pictures of them too , kind of another hobby
wish i could make money doing it
need to pay for all the expensive vegan food
hi there , will you go fishing with me ?
you would have to watch my five children while i cook .
sure just do not lose them
i do not know , their grandmother is a lawyer , just so you know .
that would be convenient right ?
I intern with computers so I have bad skin .
sounds like a must I guess .
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing good thank for asking
i usually read with my free time
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
wow that is very impressive . what for exactly ?
hi do you want to go hang out at the mall
ok another time i could take my dog for a walk i guess
coffee is great . do you think there are cute guys to check out ?
sorry to hear . we could hang out and check the action
you need to get out . how about a game of tennis
my pug , corky has arthritis . it is painful
hello , how are you today ?
now , where are you chatting from ?
mmm , i have never been there . i love to travel , but never heard of that place .
i enjoy playing hockey . i am on a team with my younger brother . what about you ?
not really . are you in school now ?
interesting . i just graduated with a degree in business . how long have you juggled ?
hi young fella ! how are you ?
ah ! i like to work in my garden
i also like art ! i create a lot of it
as i am getting old , i prefer cross stitching
i have white hair , i also have a pizza sushi in my mouth ! my favorite
i like to say i am at the golden age !
sushi ! i love it ! pizza too , as i said
i would love to go !
hello how are you today
lol i love ford trucks
why not . i have a ford black f150 truck
i know , i think the are the best looking trucks right now
yeah that sounds nice , with pantyhose lol
yeah you have got to do you
forget them , i am more into trucks than cars
hey mate do you sipping the gin and juice , cause i do it constantly to forget
nah man , why moderate it if i cant hold a job for long ?
i would do it but my family loves me , however they keep away from me
we are on the same wavelength here
i like ya , tell me more about yourself
i ran over a kid with a bike , like all my problem i take the blame
hi how are you doing today ?
working on a new piece of furniture for a client
building a custom couch this weekend
that might be challenging i have a house to clean next weekend
do you ever bowl ? i got lucky and got 300 before
understandable . trying to find someone to go shopping for me i am scared since the hostage crisis
that would work . are you watching football tomorrow ?
hello there , how are you ?
oh not much , just looking for a new car , i am thinking a prius .
i was in the military for 2 years , now i am a construction worker .
awesome , what are you studying ?
that is pretty cool , i cannot read music so i do not play anything .
that is awesome , my family are all military , so i followed suit
reading book , mainly romance novels . also , i have a horse . you ?
good evening , how are you ?
no kids for me . what do you do for work
if you are ever looking for a new job , i can help you .
yes i am . are you looking for a new job ?
if you change your mind , i can drive my lease over and discuss your options .
yes please ask her for me . i want to get people in the best job possible .
i can understand that . do you have pets ?
i can take some off your hands , i have none .
hi how are you doing today
i am katana i am a nursing student at odu
no kids just a pet horse
that is nice that you can live that close to your best friend
yeah i live with some of my band mates
i have an old pickup truck i am a vocalist its an indie group
how are you doing today ?
wow you have a lot of dogs .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i will bet . he sounds like he is busy with such a big family .
i work with money . i like finances and such .
what do you do for a living ?
hi , how are you doing ?
where do you work ? i am good , just fixing my long hair .
oh wow , i bet you have a lot of hectic nights .
that is cool you get to work together .
oh yes i bet . i do not have any kids yet .
well i am trying to get into modeling . i am really tall .
i do not have a job at the moment but working on booking one soon .
i should probably play basketball but i have not ever tried .
oh what are the haps my friend ?
i have too many cats for school so i work for ups
what else do you do ? anything ?
haha poor you . i am an academic and we are very funny folks .
would you date me ? i am a lady .
high status professions ! lucky you
that is very noble ! good for you . do you like honda ?
good i have a new one but i worry about my budget if it breaks
hi , how was your day ?
it was awesome ! i went horseback riding with some friends . you ?
www , i wish i could ! i am allergic to seafood
haha . both ! is that your favorite food ?
what is that ? i love cheese , especially goat cheese !
oh its really good , especially with lamb burgers . what is venison ?
oh wow . i am an animal lover , so could not shoot one .
hi what are you up to today ?
interesting . . i am in chicago , not much room for my mountain biking
i have no idea what vera funeral is . . i am an artists
i do not sing , no talent there
yes i know what a funeral is . . unsure about vera . . what do you do for fun
nope , just draw ! mostly photos of people
i am in retail . . i sell tea and coffee , love me some tea
bat meat . . does not sound appealing to me
good evening . how are you ?
good . just relaxing after a long day on set .
yes . ever since i was 18
i have done a few but mostly small ones
i have 3 . how about you ?
excellent . do you two have any hobbies ?
what is your favorite book ?
howdy brah , what do you like to do for fun ?
i love the waves , what plants do you grow ?
my ma enjoyed veggies too , she taught the fifth grade
that is nice , i would meet up but that is when i train for my job
i was a mime of sorts wearing bright colors , can you guess ?
think of the upcoming movie it !
hi , what are you up to today ?
oh no , coffee is my love ! although pizza sushi closely behind
wow , very active ? i spend a lot of time in my garden
all very legal and healthy ! lots of veggies , some pumpkins . . .
i do ! which may sound weird for being a guy . . baking pies lol
well that is his career . . i spend many weekends baking around the house
i keep him fat n happy ; i also create art for our home
i guess you could call it holding the pies . . .
hello how are you ? i am 20 years old
i hope so , i use to be a boy , i love usa .
yes i changed at 17 years old .
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
cool , so tell me more about you ?
i like to listen an talk you never know who you may meet .
oh cool , what kind of games ?
hello how is your afternoon going
it is okay i will take a long walk in few minutes
no i do not like tv unless my children like to watch it
i am okay with music i like classic
i like books mostly non fiction i love novels
yes they are i try to read novels to my kids ever night
do you play sports
hey , do you want to read my favorite book to me ?
that is fine , hurry up .
i live most of my life at school .
what grade was your favorite ?
that is not really good . i was waiting for you to say 5th
i am a teacher , i thought i made that clear
that is fine . maybe you should have stayed in school .
maybe not . maybe you should wear glasses like me .
good evening , hows it going ?
ha ha , your wedding or someone else ?
well , hopefully your marrying into money , then it will not be a problem ;
awe i love a good love story , my daughter just graduated and is now planning hers
i run triathlons , practice ever morning for 2 hrs . the race is my favorite .
i have a friend i snow board with who is a teller in bank
no kidding ! right ? that is the downside of the workforce
hey how are you doing today ?
oh wow that sounds like fun . i want to go sky diving .
yeh i would love the adrenaline but i am terrified of heights
haha what does black have to do with tough ?
i see and poetry sounds like a lot of fun to write .
wow what an interesting life . the only thing i did was drive a race car .
no, I am currently taking my boards for pharmacy.
hello ! how are you today ? listen to music ?
i used to listen to that one ! i take guitar lessons since kindergarten .
nice meeting you , spend as much time at home now that you can , i wish i could .
i have a off too ! we play in the same band , and i am the songwriter .
thanks ! all musicians are cool , what do you want to be when you grow up ?
i love animals too ! but i cannot have any , i wish i had the time .
i did too ! you do not want to be with all those nerdy kids .
but they play several instruments
hello , do you like football , i used to play professionally
i played with thierry henry for arsenal . . . lol
omg hate that , but yeah i love clubbing , we can get a pizza before
oooh where do you teach , i got my degree from stanford
i must send my 4 year old to you , my wife is looking for a better school
you can write about my hero thierry henry !
ooh ooh i went there , he taught me too ! and we ate pizza ! ! !
yeah that sucks , my wife works there hates it
i have an iphone and hiking . i work in a bank but did not go to college
i do not like it because i never have the time to go outside America
why you love cooking but did not pass ?
why you took it you should be good ?
yes, that is the spirit you should try it
no i hate money i have so many
i do not have but i will soon
yes i love nature how about you ?
so what are you doing today ?
cool . i am going hiking .
that is understandable . i also like to paint !
oh , have you ever watched bob ross ? maybe he will inspire you .
he was . he was my favorite artist .
i like to go outside too . but i spend the day as an accountant !
my mother owns a fashion brand . maybe you can work with her .
i hope so ! see you around .
how are you today ? what is something interesting you do or like ?
italy is beautiful . i was there when i was 18 filming my first movie .
are you an actor too ? i was 10 when i really started .
that sounds dull . at least you get to travel .
yoga is great for the body and mind . it helps me with my current role .
it is a telenovela set in new york , but we rarely film there .
there are some office scenes , what is your office , i will pass an idea on .
hi , how are you today ?
maybe . what do you do for a living ?
oh , i work at a zoo .
my wife works at the zoo with me .
i have not read that .
oh wow . that sounds like a terrible book .
what other hobbies do you have ?
i just got back from disney last week !
hi there . are you looking forward to halloween as much as i am ? its so close !
what will you be ? i cannot wait to dress up . so fun !
love it ! me and my vestie , my dog allie , are going to be wheres waldo .
ya , and hopefully the glasses too . she is pretty cooperative so fingers crossed .
ya me too ! so , do you have any hobbies ?
that is so cool . i love watching the clouds . its cathartic almost .
both . when i bike to work i have to remind myself constantly not to cloud watch !
maybe even dangerous too . do you bike ? i just got a new red bike .
hello ! how are you today ?
i am good too thanks , what is your family like
oh wow , my mother is a piano teacher so we both have a musical family member haha
no she is not . is yours ?
ok . where did you grow up ? i was raised in the deep south
wow did you move here for a job ? what do you do for money ?
ok so what do you like to do in your free time ? i love hunting .
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good what hobbies do you have ?
i am good do you like to swim ?
that is fun what do you like to bake
yum ! what music do you like ?
i am really into the band korn
how are you doing today ? are you new here ?
that sounds like fun . . . is that something you do a lot ?
i really love piano . . . and soccer . . . I wish I could play the piano like my mother.
yes . . . a new team last month . . . being a goalie is my work . . . you work ?
i hate seafood too . . . mexican food is the best
no but i work it off playing soccer in my cleats
i bet you do . . . that is a lot to carry
i bet they love it . . . you sound really happy
hi , nice to meet you . where are you from ?
i live in washington state and i am a crazy night owl
where do you work ? i still study at law school and i do not go out much
i do not explore much , but i do play ultimate frizz bee with my friends
i am color blind so i can only see shades of blue , apparently .
no worries , i do not really know what i am missing .
i love it , i think it is perfect , you ?
i do not like the heat at all .
hello names todd and my baby is my bowie knife
fine just cooked up some bacon and egg sandwiches you
yeah i go to the gym weekly
my dream is to be a cop like my uncle
well my true idol is in ufc
no my only girl is my protein shakes
lucky i try to keep fit so i can protect the girl i date
i got close to engaged before but she was not the one apparently
hi there , how are you ?
i have been playing my guitar .
yeah , most days . i also play video games .
i meant most days ! i cannot type .
what do you do for a living ?
oh , i have a degree in business .
i do miscellaneous jobs from home .
no , i enjoy what i do now .
whats up ! ! ! i love pizza so much
oh . . . dogs . i cannot say that i like animals . . at all
i will just role play that i went hiking lol
just for fun , sometimes i pretend i am a slice of pizza
i love all sorts of cars , so i just travel the us living in cars
i do not live anywhere ? i am a nomad
i like traveling in the warm states
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i am doing just fine , just beat my friend in a video game
no , i did not because i do not like to brag lol
lol , my girlfriend and i love playing video games
i bet you're considered normal for having a husband
i wish i was normal , people think i am disgusting
i am saying people treat me like i have a disease since i am lesbian
sometimes i wish i was not living , my own parents do not even like me
are you looking for any kind of design advice by any chance ?
i love traditional style and i am working as a freelance designer . what do you do ?
do you work for dreamworks ? i really want to work for them
well you know i love design , but i also love animation and classical music
noah , that is so awesome . take any cool trips ?
and you get to fly in there ? that is insane
well if you ever need any kind of design advice for that , let me know
hi how are you today ?
i am reading . i love to read
just short stories . i have a lot of time to read
do you have any single friends ? help me .
well so am i . lets get this going .
i am not sure really . you ?
what did you do this morning ?
oh my gosh ! how horrid ! i believe in treating animals humanely
that is a lot more humane . i do not eat meat or animal products
yes . especially mashed potatoes . those are the best !
i wish i did it more . i sometimes paint . you ?
i paint pictures of soccer balls . i know that is strange but i love soccer
do you like watching any tv shows ?
i love that show ! khal drogo is just too hot
hello how are you doing ?
what are you doing for the weekend ?
i am going to read . i have access to tons of books from work .
yay ! after some reading i would probably go dancing too .
yes actually i like it a lot .
aha i wish . i like new hampshire but i am not living there .
that is wonderful . i work in a bookstore where i can basically read anything .
hi , wanna go to a concert with me ?
rock ones mostly . you could pick the show , if it's not on the weekend .
a man . we did not have youtube on the farm .
will you do mine ? i would like that
do my makeup and you will have 9000 mullion subs .
great . i can be a beautiful man for you .
and then we can go to some concerts .
traveling , eating , concerts , women , puppies
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am fine , i am about to go on a night hike
i wish i could send you a photo while you eat , i love taking photos
that is so great . where do you live ?
i live in portland in maine , so there are quite a bit of beautiful subjects to photograph
there must be great subjects for you to photograph , too !
i love tofu , by the way . i live by myself , so i have to cook for myself .
those sound gorgeous . the leaves are turning here , so it is great
hey , want to go shopping ? a few of my closest friends are coming along .
anywhere ! single and free , look at me !
i would love that . let us take my bmw .
yum . i do have to watch my waistline , though .
do you mind if i bring a few friends ? just a few , maybe 8 10 .
oh , no . just for lunch at the park .
we are still going shopping , right ?
ok . i will be there soon .
hi my name is gail , short for abigail . what is your name ? do you have pets
lol i mean i am sorry . . . try a vegetarian diet . . i use to weigh 500 lbs . not anymore
yep ! i work for peta so i have 300 cats . i make their clothes from willow bark
cats love sweaters but my income is limited to 50k so i only make socks and t shirts
willow bark has to be processed in a pond before it can be spun into fiber
my cats are too busy training for the olympics to worry about wet feet
oh i heard about that . . . no . . . they are bob sledders
hello , would you forgive your friends if they destroyed your new car ?
to a certain extent i do like him but not very much
my dad is a die hard for him too
every weekend he has to watch a movie for harry potter
for us we dine out on birthdays or when mum and dad are happy
it is a sign that shows that our parents are happy
i will also do it when i grow up
will you also do it when you grow up ?
hello , do you like fishing ?
my dad used to grill steak , he was a cop until he got murdered .
i drink beer while floating down the river . you ever go rafting ?
driving is cool but i like running .
i ran a 4 minute mile once , maybe less .
yeah , i am kind of a big deal .
i think so , do you like ice cream ? i eat it every day .
that does not sound like fun .
good evening how are you tonight ?
good i do not mind fall , but come winter , i am going south
sounds good . i love having friends and family around
i like traveling with family or alone
i never learned much about graphic design but love art
do you mean graphic design or art ?
so are you a graphic designer now ?
hello , i am in a local theater company
is it black and white like my favorite animal ?
i am in love with pandas .
haha i am more of a history buff than sic fi
i enjoy acting in a theater .
it is more of a hobby than anything . too busy planning my wedding to do it professionally .
in a local venue , small wedding with close friends and family . are you married ?
hello . i am a dragon
i have a super old crappy car
my dad used to preach , i dropped out of college
i do not eat much , i am too fat
i like the last of the mohicans
i am super fat . i need to work out
i love to be vegan , it is hard though
i love singing , it kills people though
hey there , how are you ?
i am good . . . watching movies and eating popcorn . typical friday .
watching shows is my main hobby when i am not doing my welding training .
i am not big on fishing but i can fix up a car too .
i am in construction . i will be starting a new project next week . you
nice . . . i never had much of a brain for computers .
hello , i am going to be famous tonight .
i got to dress up for other people tonight .
hopefully i will meet one so i never have to cook
a lady . i am an actress and i work at a grocery store
i do sing and do you like rap music ?
yes my favorite is tupac . i wish i was like he was .
since i do not cook pizza is a must .
no . i am a vegan so i hate the meat section at work .
have you ever been overseas ?
you could put the van on a ferry ! have you been to the southeast usa ?
i do civil war shows for tourists . it is a beautiful part of the country .
i dress up like an army soldier and the local news covers it . you can watch .
my mother is the news anchor , channel 5 . what restaurant do you like ?
do you work at a restaurant ? i have made a film about a restaurant .
where do you go in the van ?
that must be really freeing . i should go with you and make a film .
hi , how are you doing ?
doing well , about to cook dinner for my kids .
i was thinking about one of the traditional italian dishes my mother taught me
www that is adorable how old is he ?
i love dogs , they are like children but furry lol
my son likes football . i might consider getting him a dog
i am sure he would love a dog . my girls , though , i am not sure what to get them
yeah , that would probably be a good idea , so they would grow up together
hi ! what are you up to ? i am doing what i like best , eating cupcakes !
so am i . the local grocery store is where i work . what about you ?
other than eating cupcakes , reading is also what i like to do to wind down .
i do . i named him blue after my favorite color . what about yours ?
he is is a yorkie . he is actually a show dog . what about yours ?
he is 10 . sadly , i think he is also getting i will and may not live very long .
so do you have any children ? i have three .
are you married ? i have been married for 30 years !
hi how are you today ?
awesome watching flash , he is my favorite of the super heros
i like both equally i would say , and you ?
very true ! what is your favorite season ? mine is summer .
cool , i can only type with one hand .
i hit all the wrong keys with it
i do not , but my favorite insect is butterflies !
they are , even though i love summer i hate summer dresses
hi ! how are you doing today ?
cool ! what do you like to do ?
that sounds yummy . i enjoy soccer . do you work ?
i work with numbers all day . do you enjoy your job ?
those young ins do not have work ethics like they use too . lol
what do you mean ?
yes welcome to our society i am afraid to see where we will be in 20 years
i remember those days . and i did it on no coffee can stand the stuff
hi there . how are you ?
oh . i am resting from playing softball .
besides softball i enjoy reading history .
oh . what do you do for a living ?
oh . i work as a technician .
pharmacist . my mother was a nurse .
that sounds like fun . sometimes my job is boring .
i love my job most days .
hi how are you doing
that is nice getting ready for work
i am a janitor it definitely drives me to drink
what are you studying in school
wow that is great what kind of food
that sounds delicious i love mexican food
i like making clothes since i found out how much they sell for .
i love cats and all animals but why did you dye it orange ?
peta pays me 50k per year to deal with animal abuse .
a lot of people say orange but i think they mean yellow .
i like animals so much that i became a vegetarian and i lost 60 pounds .
i used to have a real smart cat that looked like morris the cat .
he left 1 day like normal and never came home . i miss him a lot .
1 time he escaped the vet 30 miles away and found his way home .
hi , how are you ? please tell me about yourself !
yes , i have olive skin color with green eyes and cateye glasses
oh , that is awesome . i want to work in the library as librarian !
i really like romance novels and thrillers . you ?
oh yes , me too . i could read all day long !
i love making purses , the last one i put a pic of a skunk on !
i have a cat and i love mexican tacos
folk metal is like an art and watching movies is my thing .
i love your life but i talk when sleeping are you ok with that ?
that is a good idea you will order ?
oh no are you a cannibal ?
are you sure what do they taste like ?
do you need to boil them for long hours ?
what is your specialty do you like them spicy ?
hey how is it going ? ? ? how are things with you
i am having a hard time telling my parents that i am gay .
i like writing also but mostly in anime and comic books .
that is fun for sure . i love to sketch . illustration would be fun .
that is lovely . i hope my mother is understanding when i reveal I am gay .
i am so sorry about that . that must be very difficult .
it is . i want to be straightforward but i am afraid of her reaction .
thank you . i am very sensitive and can not handle rejection .
hi . i cant have any shrimp though
oh , what color nuts can you have ?
i like legs alot alot alot
oh i do not like crime
i hate clowns and hunt cherries
i do not like toes much
i never wait for anything
hello how you doing
so do i , , , i am eating now my tuna fish salad
i like to read sci fi space adventure and you
that is crazy
my cavite music is rock opera
yeah , its cool . .
hi there , how are you ?
sounds nice ! i am just enjoying a salad my favorite
you should try . they are healthy for you . that and some exercise . i teach yoga !
my mother was a teacher , and she taught me to cook !
it comes in handy when you cook for someone not when you are single though ! haha
as long as it is outside in nature , sure ! !
i guess i will make you a salad p
sure ! ! i can do that . looking forward to it
you are going to love me . i am carl .
when you look like me modesty is not an option .
i do not know , what i do know is that i am tall and smart .
that is admirable . i am married only 4 , but i love her .
i do not , i like music , especially the beatles . have you heard of that band ?
i like revolver the best , maybe the white album . i listen at the lab .
i am a chemist , like my folks were . i love it .
i still work in the lab all day . it is important though .
how are you this evening
just got off work , i am a realtor at a real estate office
cool ! maybe we can be friends too
i love music , singing happens to be one of my favorite past times
what kinds of things do you like ? i love picking flowers especially daisies
that is actually how i fell for my boyfriend , he brought me daisies , he is my boss lol
yeah some people frown upon it but i love him
thank you ! what about you ? do you have a significant other ?
hi my name is darlene and i teach 5th grace .
i live and teach near oakville new york , how about you ?
sushi is good , i love to watch golf and tennis also .
nice vehicle , i spend my weekends by the lake relaxing and reading .
also my favorite , are you single or married ? i and single .
one day i want kids , lots of them , any kids for you ?
i would like four maybe , two of each .
yes it would , any for you ?
hello how are you tonight
i would love to go to the bar and overcome my divorce
i would love to do that
i would be willing to do that i love dogs so i do not need meat
that is interesting i am just a security guard
i want to get a nice car and drive the coast
yes it would it would be great
usually cars and dogs
i just got done working out and i am relaxing . how about you ?
oh , what is that ? i am not sure i know what you are talking about ?
i just sat down to eat something healthy after working out and carrots sounded really good . . . lol
yes , i am in the midwest and we are having some early fall weather , love it
i have some friends heading out of harms way of irma
oh no . i would be so scared to stay . whats your bet ?
i am praying for those involved . so sad
i am fabulous today and every day . how are you ?
i do as well . i also like fashion a lot .
i have none . not sure if i want any . how many do you have ?
no , you do not have that many . that is silly .
it is pretty good sometimes .
i like burgers a lot .
which color metal is it ?
was it gold , silver , or bronze ?
hi , do you live in the country like me ? any animals ?
travelling ? my husband is in the military , so we have travelled !
well , have not gone anywhere recently , as i am pregnant . first kid , too !
two kids ! wonderful ! my preacher dad would be happy that you were fruitful !
why , i live in the country in a cabin , too ! have a beautiful horse called beauty !
a lake ! that is wonderful , we have one within walking distance , too !
hey , how's it going ? i am eating pizza .
i am a simple guy , i like pizza and trucks . but not diets .
i do not like the gym , i like walking my dog though .
how old are you ? are you looking for a husband ? i am 25 .
wow . we could eat pizza together in my truck .
you are perfect the way you are baby girl
i just work on some trucks , i make big money
hello , how are you this fine hour ?
it is cold and rainy here , and that makes me happy !
i guess so , lol , what do you do for a living ?
that is a good thing to do , i work at an office .
i do , but i tend to take forever on tasks , things need to be done correctly .
oh no , i can not take that time off . there is always so much to do .
no , i work privately . i should probably take a vacation .
i just had breakfast . a bite of bagel , i am so busy with work .
hi there ! hope you are doing well . what are your favorite hobbies ?
love the country ! i love anything with animals ! i volunteer at the shelter often .
my pets are my kids , i have several breeds and love them do you work ?
at the zoo , i find it easier to interact with animals than people ! haha !
i love computers ! i love watching funny videos ! do you live up north ?
me too ! i live in the woods , i have to always watch for wild life !
denver ! do you prefer the hot weather in the south ?
hi there , how are you doing today ?
that is good . i do okay , but i am late a lot for class .
i love cookies too much for that . ha ha !
that is great . i am more into astronomy , myself .
i would rather be home . i would get picked on because i am short .
i am trying to save money so i can get a porsche . maybe when i am 80 . ha !
yeah , i think i would wish to be taller instead if i had 3 wishes .
it would be better if i did not need a stepstool to get cookies !
i have a love of bach because of my mother's interpretations of his compositions
i am raising my daughter to love music .
i like to play the classical station in the er . it relieves stress
my wife students are learning to be thrifty in her economics class
i was encouraged to go into surgery because my marks were so high . money no problem
that is a good thing . i will teach that to my daughter and her future siblings
that is a good thing to keep in mind .
maybe my wife was your teacher if it was a college-level course .
hi , want to get to know each other ?
i like to work out . i spend a lot of time at the gym
i am in pennsylvania , you ?
wow , why iceland ? do you have family there ?
when it is cold out i like to eat chicken and rice
lol , maybe but it does not sound great
i like the calm . i enjoy reading autobiographies .
i like metallica . which is strange for an autobiography fan i guess
good morning , what is your favorite color ?
wow , i can not believe this , because . . . . that is my favorite color too
i hope everyone there is very respectful of you
lol true , how much time is spent doing that ?
wow , do you ever get tired of doing that all day and why to canada ?
i prefer a warm or tropical kind of climate
how do you know , you have not even tried things with me yet
see , do not say we will not get along just because of weather preferences
just relax baby , and everything will be fine
i do not like your attitude , i love it
its okay baby , take your time
lol , i have heard that from many people
i am from new york , what about you ?
perfect , maybe i can come visit one day lol
okay , we can take things one step at a time lol
well , first . what do you like to do ? i wanna get to know you first
i can handle that , i accept you for who you are
i sing and write poems , you can wake up one day and find one by your side
love poems , humorous ones , some telling how beautiful you are
what do you find so funny about it , my future love ?
yes , i am a woman but my characters a man so lol
i am guessing i have done a horrible job of impersonating a man
that is not a good thing , you were supposed to think i was a man lol
hold up , are you a woman ? lol
lord have mercy , i am shocked , i am freaking out
hi there , how are you doing ?
that sounds nice . i am reading a book with bon iver playing in the background .
he is a musician . plays indie , folk music . are you from the west coast ?
i am from washington state . it rains a lot more here than nj .
yes . it is beautiful here when i meditate my buddhism
what do you and your friend abigail like to do together ?
a patrol of what ? your neighborhood ?
do you and abigail know how to swim ?
what is up stranger ? what are you doing ?
you should , i have many . i am a punk rocker .
do you want a friend with crazy purple hair ? cause that is me .
me too , and pets . do you have pets ?
i have amphibians . do you have an xbox ?
my pet turtles , cuff and link hate smoke too .
then you should get an xbox , or playstation .
you are always on the road though . is your car red ?
hi ! how are you today ?
awesome ! what was the poem about ?
those are so cool , i love fish . i love all animals , actually .
awesome ! i love dogs but i have always wanted a pet pig .
too funny ! i would teach it to dance to country music , my favorite .
i bet they would , it would be quite a sight !
yes ! we could make him the cover model for my vegan newsletter .
yes it would be great .
what have you been doing today ?
what do you do for work ? i agree money is a pretty sweet thing
i look pretty good too , since i do weight lifting
that is pretty awesome . i am actually in the olympics
i bench 345 pounds . i am very strong
yes it is . where are you from ?
awesome . i am all the way in russia
thank you . i have had to become proficient in it because of all the traveling
hi , whats up , how are you ?
i am doing well , playing football .
i am taking a break haha good question
i am a line backer , i like playing with some of the guys from the baltimore ravens
my team is the baltimore raven , we go the festivals together . like a family
nice . i like the eye of the tiger , especially when i am tackling
oh yes . i had tackled 128 times last year . roar !
how are you this fine evening ?
oh you have the bieber fever do you ?
lol , what kind of work do you do ?
cool fall is a great time of year for pictures here in new york .
i am a grad student . hoping to get into law school next year .
really ? you must really hate doing laundry ! lol
so where are you from ?
have you ever been to ny ?
hey names jace and i took my weekend to study and get through some client paperwork
i work in dr . s office as a receptionist ; my job can be tedious
my names is mary , and a full time student studying radiology at upenn near me .
what is the shop called exactly ?
oh ok , that does not sound so bad
your dog you mean , well that is pretty cool thing to do .
that is pretty cool to have a dog as your bf
that is pretty good what kind of dog is she ?
hi i am ned and planning my trip to europe
nah i have my iphone which takes care of it all .
haha , yeah they will do that . i am gonna go shopping this weekend
well i try on clothes and i am size 12 . i like to dance ,
i am going to dance lesson with my boyfriend next week before our trip .
i have no idea what hair style is like at all .
huh , we are going to germany , spain , the ul madrid .
yeah , the two of us my boyfriend and i .
hello how are you
i am well . working on my channel on youtube .
blogs about lets play . my father is in the advertising . i was hooked early .
interesting how that happens . i like youtube do you
do you love youtube ? i o
or distraction . . . . . its crazy how its caught on
hi , how are you ? just got home from the pool
do you like that ? i am tired of working 5 days a week
that is nice ! i would love more time for yoga and shopping
what fun ! do you have kids ? that sounds hard with kids
yeah me either , except my crocodiles . they are my babies
4 . i do hot yoga with them
i only eat alligator . alligator is very tender , you should try it !
hi how are you doing today
wow you have the same image one of my three kids
oh you have braces do you love cheesecake squares i love cheesecake
you seen the movie 16 candles
16 candles that s my favorite movie and i run
i don t think if you would like to see you
i mean would like to see it the movie
hi name is jax and i love to study about sharks. I wish I could study marine biology and work with sharks in the ocean.
i do not . i am funny my friends tell me . i am vegan.
i dance a lot and love it and read books too.
yeah i get it . busy schedule huh ?
i cannot stand eating meat.
meat i do not eat meat.
me too . i wear contacts 24 7 and never take them out unless they fall out.
i am vegan , so mostly plant based.
hello i am jamison . how are you this evening ?
it is ! perfect for sitting out on the deck and enjoying a good book
i feel the same way about nuts . i am allergic .
you listen to country music while you read ? me too !
sounds like me , only my passion is books . 1984 is my favorite .
how was it ? would you recommend it to a biology major ?
i will have to look into that . thanks for the recommend !
any plans for this evening ?
hi there ! hows it going ?
doing well thanks off work . i am an extra for major motion pictures . what do you do ?
what do you do off work ? i am trying to publish a novel love writing
maybe i can write on for you one day lol .
most things art . i am a painter as well . hope to paint my own book covers
whoa ! that is one to remember . my identical twin brother is in la so he probably has .
hi there , i am bob .
hi ned , what is your fav color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i count money for a living , i need scotch
no way , i am a professional , i do not miss count
yeah we go to the lakes on the weekends
yes that sounds so lovely
chocolate chip , and mint anything but raisins
hey there ! how is it going ?
just getting ready to go to my lecture . ugh . how many kids do you have ?
i feel you . the closest thing i have is a dog .
same . i think i will order a pizza tonight .
great ! i am always doing homework .
my dog red and i watch movies too . what is your favorite ?
honestly , yeah . i really like mystic pizza .
aw man . so does red .
hi am rob and i work for hansen robotics
i can live off of chinese food when i am at work
i am single and live by myself in my own apartment .
scared ? no . i started to become a night owl .
i have no social life knowing work takes most of my time .
i do but do not have time when I have other things to take care of .
yeah , maybe when i get more spare time
well that sounds extremely painful .
i am a hot mess . . . wanna hear how ?
i hear voices .
i like to argue . . . with myself .
i mostly just argue about how hot the pool boy is .
let me guess . . . gone with the wind gets ya ?
i told you . . . i hear voices .
only if you try the mystery flavor cake . . .
hey how are you today ?
lol no i would not i would be picking you up off the floor
no paramedics after security gets you lol how old are you ?
gotcha now i understand why you want to know .
me also i like the beatles girls went crazy over them too
lol 29 , what do you want to be ?
really ? well good luck , i am trying to be a nurse now .
so tell me about yourself .
same with brown eyes . that is the only difference
nice . i have a dog named toto and my fav food is meatloaf .
i am not sure what that is . never heard of that .
sounds heavy . what kind of toppings ?
its ok , fat people need love too .
i am playing xbox right now . whats going on in the world ?
i am not sure why everyone hates him .
hello , are you a gamer ?
i work in an office , aside from hiking in the national park nearby , i have no life .
i can barely speak my native english , lol
i can only say green in spanish .
my son speaks russian , he picked it up easily
he had several friends who moved here from russia , that is how he learned
it was surprising , he can barely speak english either , lol
maybe , how did you become interested in languages ?
hi how are you today ?
do you guys wear jewelry ?
i suppose . do you have tattoos ?
i have thorns on my toes they are puttee
just those thorns . i want to be a dental hygeist
yeah i study to become one
hi there , how are you ?
i am bruno , how about yours ?
i am in accounting so i am into books , love music ,
bruno mars is my fav , i drive my red car
so becky where you from ? i two lovely dogs .
cool , do you go for runs over there ?
ok , you are into tech , i love running .
ok , so you own a ipad or iphone
well another night at the singles bar looking for a new partner . how are you ?
my three dogs scare off the cheaters . lol
spiderman . he can climb tall buildings . he is an architect like me .
not being able to catch fish when i go fishing !
my second biggest fear is not having one of my gourmet dinners turn out right .
not a chef . just like to cook . no twins . you ?
i have a sibling who closely resembles me though . my fav dish is shepherds pie
also one of my favorites . i make a vegetarian version of it
hi my friend . what are you doing today ?
i like to be safe , i am in marketing . do you like music ?
do you like isaiah rashad ?
i would really like to meet her , is she single ? we can play games .
well then it would be just video games for us . i love them so much . .
yes , but no beer . i despise beer and those kinds of drinks . are you tall ?
yes , so very tall . i can see over everyone .
it helps at the isaiah rashad concerts .
how are you tonight ? did you watch fallon ?
it was pretty good . i watch him every night . it keeps me in touch
that sounds kind of romantic . i cannot wait to kiss a girl for the first time
i will be when i finally get a girl
that would be doable on a pop star salary
really ? what are you studying
i am a personal assistant . i can be very organized
help you plan a picnic
hello ! how are you doing !
that is great ! an absolutely great season for it .
that is awesome ! it really is a great world we live in
no , my mom and dad are lawyers so i just shop a lot !
what do you like about them ? I do not go much
interesting , I mostly travel . my favorites are the rivers in iceland
i would recommend it , do you have any other hobbies
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am a big fan of owning office supplies . how about you ?
nice . what else do you like ?
cool . do you like pigs ?
i love them . do you read a lot ?
what do you play in the band ?
that is great . tell me another thing about you .
hi what type of music do i like i am a frank fam
wow i am from an older generation so i do not even know who k pop is
i enjoy watching spongebob with the kids have you seen the cartoon before
do you enjoy cooking i love to cook beef stew is my speciality
i try hard to stick to a healthy diet and exercise
really what do you write ? have you been published ?
do you have any other hobbies besides writing
no not really just cooking and listening to music . its been nice chatting with you .
hey how are you today ?
hot wings ! i love eating healthy , but i am great today , any big plans ?
what kind of music do you enjoy ?
i actually sing gospel myself , we gotta meet up sometime ! socialization is key
i do not go often but my parents take me after high school sometimes
they might be in my class , do they like band ?
that is rough , how are your hot wings ?
they must be young , i might make some chicken and rice , have to eat nutritious food .
hello there ! how's it going today ?
nice . where are you headed to ?
awwwwww how fun . Canada or NY ?
that sounds expensive . wish I had money for stuff like that
my dog Allie would love to travel . we usually just go on walks
that is too cute ! a dog ring bearer !
that is not cool . well, I wish you and your future hubby the best !
i tend to run away from conflict as well
hey good morning how are you ?
i wish i had slept more but i am a night person
what do you eat ? i like in nyc an i love it , parks are cool .
i am also , i am in law school , what about you ?
gotta check out these local shops here too
i bet sorry to hear that too
do you ? lol africa i guess the wild maybe ?
yes they do lol i think
i am so hungry i always feel like this
i just ate with my wife and kids . it would upset her
i work way too much . i am saving up for a corvette .
i feel like a corvette would complete my life , i would be cool
i like whats on trend i need to fit in . what is it like being a mortician ?
my son collects stamps too ! how cool !
i guess so . i am more interested in what other people think
hello there . how are you
great . although my ocd takes over my life which i find it very difficult
it's difficult . it's turning me into a neurotic hypochondriac .
also , being a seventh day adventist , makes my illness gets in the way
yes . it is a warm color . that is a great recommendation
haha . . . that is great ! being vegan is helping as well
hi name is jane i run 5 days a week and love it
i hate veggies , i shop at a . e store american eagle
i do in retail . american eagle , employee discount .
yeah and own a chevy duramax my kind of truck
because it is my fave car
truck . . sorry . i do not have any pets
why a cat for a pet ?
hi there . i am confined to my bed .
i love beer . i work from home so i can drink it when i want .
its ok . i keep up with social media so its not bad .
i drink a lot of coffee while i am playing game son the computer .
i love it . especially espresso .
i meant to say games on my computer . i like puzzle games .
hello how are you today
i enjoy sports myself as well but i get too distracted sometimes
i wish i could get a better career , but i never took school as serious as others
my ex loved them . i have had many relationships that did not work out .
i have many friends and can keep the conversation going , never a dull moment
wow , that is awesome , i do not have a religious preference but i do like museums
i once played football in high school , i love sports
i want to go back to school
hi how are you today
where do you work at
that sounds nice where is that
do you ever go geocache ?
yeah i do it all the time
i do not are you an only child
yeah i forgot i have bad memory
hello , how are you this evening ?
i feel you there , my friends refuse to use my actual name !
that is great for you , i recently got a job working online .
maybe i am your bum brother ?
i could be , but meat is too good to eat
i do not like to watch hockey
your loss to watch hockey and not something else
you can watch Netflix with me
hi how are you today
cool do you have nice furniture ?
yeah do you play any instruments ?
you find some of the best vintage stuff that way
cool do you have any stamps ?
yeah gimme some stamps please
hey good morning , lets make this quick gotta run .
workout session , got new yellow gear i am geeked
why are you stuck in bed ? i work the workout column for my magazine .
org i am sorry to hear that ! play video games ?
i do sometimes but i play also online halo a lot !
its cool i rather read .
ll , nah its not my style .
hello ! how are you ?
i am great . just relaxing after a long day with my dog . you ?
daddy ? like father or . . . you know . . . daddy ?
well . . . you know . i do not judge . sounds like it would make for a good book .
its a normal bed i guess . as long as the dog is on my feet , it works .
no , but i enjoy having picnics when i go out rock climbing .
close to a city , but not too close . i need space to breathe so i can write .
novels . do you like reading ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
wow . I fed the pandas . I work at the zoo .
are you a professional photographer ?
my favorite food is eggs . Eat them every morning .
I eat six raw eggs every morning . Easier that way .
it's a big time saver . Every little bit helps .
what is your favorite thing to do ? I love reading
I love being outside , pandas and reading crime novels .
oh my gosh , my cats just knocked over my husband's Taco Bell award and broke it .
before he was the CEO , he got Manager of the Year .
congratulations ! what are the perks ? i heard that they are great .
that is awesome . blue I hope , best color ever .
what type of computer ? to keep ?
oh , you can listen to my sister Madonna on it .
yes and i am about to become the queen of England soon .
hi , how are you ! my name is samantha .
i am pretty good , thanks for asking . what are your hobbies ?
oh , wow ! that sounds fun . i am what alot of people call a hippie .
well , recycling is my life , and my big blue van kind of gives me a reputation .
that sounds amazing ! my parents disapprove of my lifestyle so they would probably hate the road with me .
then you would love the two rainbows i have tattooed on each shoulder .
do you have any ink ?
i understand . do you like other body modifications ?
sweet ! my big thing has been hair . i dyed it red and got a merida perm .
whats stopping you from dying it now ?
what do you do for a living ?
hi it is nice to meet you
tell me some things about yourself
i work part time , maybe i can come watch you surf sometime
i do not care too much for bugs , but i love koalas
i would love to move but i am only employed part time right now
i bar tend , which is funny because i cannot stand beer
i also have a roommate , they help me make rent since i am not working full time
good afternoon , how are you ?
that is awesome ! i love all kind of music
what is your favorite color ? mine is green
awe that is cool , like funny movies ?
my dad is a retired vet i love him
i surely will how are you ?
i have a little dog i would bring
her name is bella an i love her
hey i am jenna ! how are you ?
lol i am good just got off my job at a smoothie shop
you teach ? ! i go to the local college . yeah i know some days can be rough .
not quite sure yet , just doing my basics for now . yes you seem really crafty , that is great
i love classic rock so i understand the value in that !
so cool ! ! ! sounds like you have a great time there
hi there . how are you ?
not too bad . just enjoying my night .
what game are you playing ?
i have played , not for a while though .
i actually really enjoy making lots of cash .
nope , no glasses for me . never needed them .
i love swimming , but not a lot of time these days .
usually just working at my job most of the time .
hi . i am carl . what are you doing ?
i love the beatles . what song ? i am reading .
a book about the building of the great wall in china .
no , just my dog alfred . he like when i play some tunes on the old piano .
i needed a paramedic once when i threw my arm out at the big game .
my teammates wife is a nurse , we play baseball here in new york .
pitcher , i can throw a mean fastball . i can also play ragtime piano .
are you the youngest of four ? i like green , do you ?
hi there , i know we have never talked much but i think you are pretty great
no problem , i know i seem quiet but i like to speak my mind
i am a secret shopper . its fun but stressful finding parking at different parts of town . you ?
yeah , i bet . what do you do for fun ?
fun ! there is a good food truck at the beach around here , love those !
jackson hole , wyoming . i stood out with my rainbow hair ! this blonde is fake too
i collect seashells . how about you ?
hello my name is michael i love the color blue
i draw a lot mostly anime
my oldest brother loves my little pony
well my mothers a teacher maybe that is why
she is an art teacher
will draw anything as long as its in my apartment studio
hi how are you tonight
enjoying this wonderful california night
they are very cool if they are who i think they are
yes very smoky i do not like it
i am in it as well lets write some code together
wow i worked for apple for a while
san fran but i can come to you
hi how are you doing
hi there bob , nice to meet you
i usually cook the ones that i got from my garden
for what ? i love my musical instrument i am learning them string
oh , that s cool , traveling is what i do
when are you going to high school
wow , are you really excited about it ?
i do not really , they come and go
hello there . hows your morning going so far ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
i mainly just going for long walks on sunny days , that and reading .
no . i have two dogs , though . they are small dogs .
i would like to get a kitten actually but would be afraid to .
because of our two small dogs .
i would have to train our dogs to accept the kitten but it can be done .
i am thinking of a few songs . you ?
i work more hours per week than should be legal and now i cant stop eating .
me too but i never have time to watch it . always work , work , work
maybe but i think a corvette would make it all better
i work too much to travel but my life would be complete then
i just want a cool corvette to escape all this work temporarily
all this work makes me hungry but no free time for exercise
it will take me a while to get in shape like those guys
hello . hows your morning going so far ?
its going . what are you up to ?
the stables , eh ? do you own any horses ?
do you help train horses at the stables ?
lucky . at least you are doing what you love . ca not complain about that .
i dabble in art , actually . i help with various art projects and exhibits .
hello , what are you up to today ?
just finished grading some papers . i am a teacher, but I wish I could join a choir and perform regularly at community events.
i am not very handy , but i do like to sing . i sing at church on sundays .
well , that is unexpected . are you okay ?
oh , i understand . i have a friend who is an alcoholic . she finds reading the bible helpful .
very cool ! i do not really watch tv , but i love to go to the orchestra .
hey how is it going
good looking at some anime eating some chicalote
cool that sound pretty cool haha
i enjoy the walking dead ! ! began is crazy haha
i enjoy the movies more not a big reader unless it comics
i agree with that , i like outdoors somewhat i have very nice flower garden
sweet ! i am working on that haha , do u eat chocolate
haha true , it is my addiction , my grandparents made chocolate before passing
i love anime , do you have a favorite anime ?
i am a lady who is carniferous and never learned to swim
when did you start working ? i state working early as a child ?
are both your parents still alive ? mind passed in 1979
that still sounds young , how sad
terrible , nurses work so hard .
hi how are you today ?
i love children , my grandchildren are the best people in the world .
12 , i have 4 children myself .
they are my world , i am sure you will get many .
no , i work as a pharmacist at cvs
did you do anything ambitious as a child ?
i was quite the wild child those were the good ol days
hello . care to chat with a mcdonald employee ?
i am a girl . i am tai . so you in college yet ?
nice ! i decided to take a year off and save up some money . you major ?
oh nice ! so do you drive ? i cannot wait to buy my first car .
nice , i was thinking more of a prius . not sure yet .
unsure , being eighteen i want to get the idea of what i want to be .
i want to . just need to figure myself out first .
hello . how are you tonight ?
doing math homework , which is my favorite subject .
i am in high school in the united states .
two dogs and a cat . how about you ?
i really like pizza . i eat it a lot after practicing with the ice hockey team .
i do not cook . not a thing for boys if you know what i mean .
i am just average size .
i have short brown hair . what about you ?
i want to be a billionaire so bad .
yay ! i love bruno mars ! he is my favorite musician .
wow . i play the song every time i go running , which i love to do .
cool . it is just so much fun to go out with my two dogs .
walter and terry . what do you do for a living ?
i work as an accountant . good pay .
yes , affords me the cool red car i drive . i work for one of the big four .
can you not tell that i am a woman ?
how are you doing this evening
that is great ! i wish i could go but i am a kindergarten teacher so i am poor lol
that must be exciting as well , my class is quite large , 26 kids so i stay busy
at least the children get one on one attention . my school is very large !
for sure ! its a 24 7 job , i cherish my free time lol
i really like kayaking , what about yourself
where do you like to travel to ?
hey there ! i will be typing while dancing salsa . . . so mind the typos !
yeap ! i am super happy that is why !
no , i am a software engineer i work on bitcoin related software . . . but . . . . !
well i quit my job ! ! ! and for two months now i am traveling the world ! salsaaaa ! !
sydney . it is amazing , because it is so different . and you ?
did you like it ? my next stop will be japan !
so you have already traveled the world ! how lucky
you need to visit europe then , i was in greece for 3 weeks and it was amazing
hello formal situations make me feel awkward and uncomfortable .
i do not have many real friends , but i have 4000 facebook friends .
lol that got to real to fast . i have a cat named contraband .
apparently i live by myself and have not talked to my family in years .
that is whats up . . . get it up , i am sorry that was a total dad joke lol
tell me more about yourself , i am out of things
cool well now we just need this program to let us cash in
yeah right , i wish i was getting that kind of money !
hi , how are you today ?
fine , thank you , my internet is very high speed
bet i can beat you in chess , i can beat almost anyone
i work as a security guard , what newspaper ?
same , enjoy meat very much . do you like solar eclipses ?
i saw my first solar eclipse when i was only 8 years old
yes , with some friends . it was nice
hey , there ! hows it going ?
i was testing out a new recipe . i love to cook .
there are tons of healthy recipes out there . have you tried them ?
maybe i can share my posts of my healthy meals with you .
i am all over social media , thumbing up posts like a boss !
i might want to be a chef or open a restaurant here in austin .
yeah , i am an online foodie . if only there were a job for that !
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . what are you up to ?
i am having dinner at my apartment with my 3 sisters
oh do you have any close friends ?
oh i see . do you enjoy country life ?
yes , new york . i want to be a nurse here
it is not so busy , it is very fulfilling
do you like the beatles , they are my favorite
hey whats going on ? hows your day so far ?
tired . lol i wor as a nurse in the er
yes ! lol i enjoy it but its exhausting . you have any hobbies ?
i am a huge reader . i am re gently divorced to so lots of time lol
well that is a job in itself . i am actually reading and drinking dr pepper lol
uh oh ! congrats that is awesome !
well at least you know you're set financially haha
that is good . i am glad to hear it
hello how are you . what part of the country do you live ?
i am karen i am a student in california
hi jessi , i spend most of my time making movies on my camcorder
are you in a relationship ?
my boyfriend and i are both in school , he is studying acting
it was at a party last year at my friends house
me too . he is the best
not yet but hopefully someday
hello , my name is dave . nice to meet you
i am currently gruelling out my second year of med school . do you work ?
cool , do you have a girlfriend married ?
i am divorced , but have 2 beautiful children which i cherish
is it an animal or vegetable farm ? my mother would bake the best pie whichever lol
i currently live in louisiana , you ?
yes i live in the city , it is really busy and chaotic
so tell me a little bit about yourself .
i am too shy to be an actor myself . i do like cosplay though .
i get it from reading a lot of comics and watching anime .
i am an animal person too . what do you like about zebras ?
i like to draw my own comics . maybe i could draw a cartoon zebra for you .
my drawing skills are not great yet , but i am trying to get better .
i like to run a couple days a week . what about you ?
you hate the beach ? why is that ?
greetings and salutations from dallas , friend !
finally starting to cool down . summers are brutal !
i repair air conditioners , though i have been laid up since breaking my leg .
how did i break it ? fell off a ladder . occupational hazard .
another month . my sister mary has been taking care of me .
mostly reality tv shows . i have been binge watching since the accident .
you are one of the voices on sesame street ? which one ?
ah , okay . that makes sense .
hey how are you today
are you in college ? i wish i went to college i tend a farm now
oh wow that is a fun grade . do you like school
france must have been beautiful . it will take you some time to get adjusted
it will take some time i am sure you will make friends soon
summer camp is really fun ! do you have any pets
i have dogs a boxer and a german shepard
maybe you can get one one day
hello how are you today
i am actually writing a novel about a gardner
are you a former cop
do you do portraits of paintings ?
i used to landscape but i stopped loving it
being unemployed i eat more at home
do you work at a bank now ?
hi how are you doing
that is cool i have trouble getting along with my family
i feel like i cant connect with anyone
i like his music too
thank you my therapist does not understand me
no i had to quit my job
what kinds of food do you like
i have never tried sushi before
hi there , how is your day going ?
sounds like fun ! you play often ?
no way , i just worked today . you are not interested in getting a job ?
oh okay , you are still young ! good thing you are focusing on studying
that is great advice , your mom works at apple ?
that is a great job , i just work at an office in my city
mostly paperwork and meetings . what do you want to do after high school ?
hello how are you doing ? just got through eating some chocolate yum
cool i love to go geocaching in my free time
neat . i work as a school psychologist
it is very rewarding and i enjoy it
i am the baby of four kids and you ?
i have lived in the us all my life it is all i know
you were young , do you like living here ?
i am making lunch . should i make a chili corn dog or a hot dog with cheese ?
yeah i love both so much i cannot decide . my grandson love cheesy hot dogs too .
wow . what team do you play for ? yes he loves baseball .
i wish i made a million dollars than maybe it would make my hour commute worth it .
yeah and i like to stay up late so the early morning commute is the worst .
but you are doing something you love so its totally worth it
that is true . so what do you do for fun ?
i play with my grandson i am a young grandma and was only 44 at his birth .
hiyeeeeeeeee ! how are things going tonight ?
wooooaaahh . i am talking to a college graduate ? the internet is so cool .
wow that is so funny ! my parents are both school teachers .
yeah i guess . they are kind of boring .
wow , that is boring ! i watch nascar on the weekend , scouting for my future husband .
org i would love to watch live . but no , just on tv .
sounds so fun . i just blast selena while watching and doing homework .
8th . not actually supposed to be on the internet .
hiya ! boy am i tired i just ran a marathon !
that can be fun especially if you watch foreign flicks on netflix
that would make me hungry but i will only eat at home
no but I wish I could adopt a service dog like you for my social anxiety
there is a cat at my family appliance store i do not want to inherit
love french vanilla . my fav
uh you should drink water
hello ! how are you today ?
sounds like a good way to start the weekend . what are you studying ?
i do , i work with an animal rescue . i enjoy working with animals .
i have a dog , too ! she is my best buddy .
she is a bulldog . she is the biggest couch potato !
they are hilarious . she and my son are inseparable . do you have kids ?
i do have hobbies . I am involved in various social causes like animal rights . do you have hobbies ?
that is awesome ! what is your favorite museum ?
hi
what are your hobbies ?
i have cats too !
sorry lol what are your cats names
milo and fio
well you have to start somewhere
lol maye
i am currently in between jobs
hey there , i like to describe with my art . how are you ?
no artist just can draw well , seen alot growing up in greece . towering over all family
my dad is fine since he is avoiding irma , going to come eat some family dishes .
greek foods ! i try to keep my hair up its so curly
it is thanks , no hobbies but cooking . you ?
whats the kittens name ? i had 1 once name diva
www , i would draw a picture of them .
hi how are you today
no not now hope it does my farm needs rain bad right now
yeah i have my truck driving licence but would rather farm
do you have a degree in computer science
that is great . did you have breakfast today
i had fried eggs . they are so good .
yeah bacon is good too . do you have a favorite animal ? mine is the chicken
all my animals are outdoors . but i did have a dog growing up
hey how are you this great day ?
oh where do you work ?
that is stinks , i have an office job . so i like to run when i can .
sadly i am really tall so when i run my arms and legs just look weird , lol .
i like to think that i can .
too that pretty good , did you make a lot of money ?
that pretty nice , are you married ?
hello how are you today ?
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i work at the zoo
the wife had breast cancer
well it is a good night for that .
i make hot dogs for a living .
it really is , i get to do what i love
thank you , my wife survived by the way
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
what kind of ball then
that is nice do you fish ?
fishing is my favorite thing
i catch all the time i am great
yeah if it is clean pond
you can tell by their scales if it is discolored or green slime
hi , glad to meet you . are you in school ?
nice . how are you doing there ?
i like school too . as long as i get the highest grades .
yes , all thanks to god . do you have pets ?
a pig ? haha . i like cats though . looking for a new job .
something to do with travel . i love it . i like cars too though.
what hobbies do you have ?
hello , what are you up to ?
i am just getting myself psyched up for the big game tonight .
basketball , we are playing against the utah jazz
honestly , i do not know , we have not been very good lately .
as long as i get paid my 5 million , i honestly do not really care .
yeah ? as in he thought it was all one big conspiracy ?
well they do not give me a script
not really , what are your hobbies ?
hello . what do you did ?
that s rewarding . i m a vet tech . married ?
that is a great thing to say . my spouse is an attorney
oh really ? i have a girl and a boy . maybe you can coach my kid
well i really love to garden . do you have hobbies ?
you crochet ? tres masculine ! that s great
well then how good can that be ? animal lover ?
i am watching the walking dead .
yes . i am currently binging that and reading the game of thrones books .
do you like to read ? i love it .
do you like harry potter ?
i love harry potter as well , they are my favorite books .
what is that book about ?
do you have any irish heritage
hi how are you doing today
i am good , i am practice to impersonate celebrities
this made me learn 4 languages
languages ? i volunteered for the boy scout too for my son
i spent most of my life doing plumber , that s i do for living
oh wow ! chinese is the hardest
wow , you are a nice person to be with
are you from california ? where are you ?
hey there , how's it going
doing pretty well , excited about fall
the season ? and no , i am not
i work with market research , what do you do outside work ?
that is pretty cool , do you like animals ?
a donkey ? animals are one of my obsessions
i love to hike , i also teach yoga classes
well , why do not you do a little more for her ?
hey there . do you exercise ?
i stretch with yoga and cardio with hiking . i cannot draw .
nice ! you know in the beauty of the world fairytales live .
i love animals so i do not eat them either .
not a taco . but a thai peanut chicken bowl is my fave .
fake chicken of course . no i am a paralegal .
pretty much , i like it though .
tell me about france please .
hi ! i am really nervous proposing tonight to 6 months pregnant gf !
thanks ! do you have any advice for me ?
congrats to you too ! do you work ?
lucky you ! i started coaching at the local highschool . hope that to be enough .
well , right now i am too . just finished college last week . . . now this . . .
what makes you anxious ? are you taking medications for it ?
i wish you best of luck with it . hopefully it will get better after that !
thank you thanks for chatting with me !
hello how you doing today
yes , i am , just finish working and getting ready to jog
yes , i live in new york , hopefully i can move to australia ,
no but my friends are from there , just want to make a change
i am sorry , my name maximo
yes i did , she is in heaven , so in her name I donate blood
hi . . how are you doing ? ?
where are you from now ? ?
i am from boston ma
i am a bank employee . . how about you
i am single . . always working
driving and going into the nature . .
hi how are you today
i am alright how about you ?
do you listen to music ?
do you know how to play guitar
i traveled the americas playing guitar
do you make good meat ?
very nice i work online
i sell things and buy them and sell for more
i love apples and especially when it is green , meat i hate
my favorite part of the apples are the skin because it is very healthy
yes , do you think green apples are healthier ?
what are the differences in two colors ?
wow , i am glad you know about apples .
new york upstate western ny . and you
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
tired ! i just got done buying a house today with my partner .
3000 square feet is how large the house is . sorry about that
in the future . my partner and i are gay so were trying to adopt .
my coffee i just made is ready . got to go . have a good night
that is nice . i sometimes enjoy gospel music too .
spending time with family is always fun . have plans for halloween ?
hello . how are you doing ?
good . i am very tired . just got back from walking around the park .
yes . again need to go to theater to watch plays . you ?
i love baking . what about you ?
definitely . my specialty is weeding cake . do you need one ?
it might be too big for yourself only .
i love your spirit . one big cake for you then .
it will be the best cake ever
hello , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
that is fun ! i only have dogs , no cats .
not particularly , but we all love to go hiking and spend time outside .
i have been to vancouver once . it is beautiful there .
i have one sister . i spend a lot of time with my mom though .
my sister lives in ny so she is far away . do you live near your parents ?
hey how are you today
what kind of music do you like ?
i like all kinds of music . where do you work
i do not work my husband takes care of everything
yeah i play guitar every once in a while
i am in texas near dallas
no you cant . its easy for me cause i do not drive but can stay go places
hello . care to chat with a person who likes hitchhiking ?
oh nice ! i bet you enjoy it with your family ?
nice . last time i spoke to my family was years ago .
on nice . living alone sucks sometimes . but my 4000 facebook friends helps .
it was nice chatting with you also . glad it was a formal situation .
i hope you have the same .
hi ! how are you today ?
just fine thank you . i am busy at work designing video games
yes i do , but i would like to have my own startup company one day
thank you ! if you are interested you can join me
i can help you out as long as you have the passion !
great ! i can use people like you at my startup . do you have a family ?
me too ! my wife just god laid off unfortunately
she was in hr , but we will make it by
whats up ?
i like hiking and going to rock concerts .
i love the stones . been on a bit of a talking heads binge lately .
i am a contractor for a cab company . you ?
i bet you have seen some stuff . do you like your job ?
nice . i hate my job , taking courses online in hopes of getting a better job .
carpenter but i am eating ice cream instead of studying . fiance is not pleased .
soft or hard shell tacos ?
hey , how are you doing today ?
nice . do you have brothers and sisters ? it is just me and my mom .
we were very fortunate that mother worked as a very elite family as housekeeper .
my passion is in the pool swimming . i do it every chance i can .
i went to the mountains in europe and mexico . i love yoga .
it definitely is . are you the oldest of your nibblings ?
i have no brothers or sisters . so am the oldest and youngest .
hey whats going on with you ?
i am doing alright . just playing a game . you play music ?
ah . i think i will do the same . i have some humus in the fridge
i love classical music . do you have favorite composer ?
i like schubert and mozart . ever seen the movie amadeus ?
i agree . it is a wonderful movie . do you watch a lot of movies
i like comedies . do you like to fish ?
hello . how are you today ?
doing fine . tired from working 60 hours a week .
i fish sometimes . i like to watch the sun rise and set .
i need to exercise more . maybe with my dog .
his name is Buffalo . we both eat breakfast then go back to bed .
we eat breakfast at odd hours sometimes .
i have always wondered what people taste like .
i just might . you think it is healthy ?
hello , i enjoy basketball while being a doctor .
oh really ? do you know my wife , she is a nurse ?
i heard you say things to her . our favorite place is in the mountains .
i have two kids , but not with my nurse wife .
no i bought them through adoption .
i wish I could dance salsa professionally like my dream job.
ya i agree . i did get to write them off on my taxes .
ya but the purchase price was written off on my taxes .
i do arts and crafts and draw a lot . do you have any fun hobbies ?
i juggle it all while watching movies and being mom to my 5 kids
football is too controversial now . i would rather listen to music
4 of my 5 kids are in school . it gives me free time for crafts and drawing
from ga . where our english teachers , well they are not so great
i liked music class better because i like all kinds of music
oh i would love to go there if i had time for it .
hi . how are you doing ?
why are you nervous ? are you looking for someone like i am ?
have you tried to go fishing . it relaxes me . i enjoy it .
ah . as an architect at a major firm . i get that .
martial arts is cool . i love cooking .
ah yes . i love reading . just got done reading the scarlet letter
harry potter and the sorcerers stone is my favorite . you ?
hi . i just got back from work . it was so busy .
i enjoy swimming . i am more excited about halloween coming up . its my favorite holiday .
many hispanic foods for day of the dead are spicy .
nice . i like to stay close to home and scare kids with me hearse . ll .
aw , i am sorry . do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy crocheting .
dressing up in costumes , and crafty things . it helps that i work at a craft store .
hello . my name is jane . i have been in a few pilots for tv .
that is great . i have not had time yet to start a family .
why are you lucky ? i have been trying to get my career started .
why are you lucky ? i have been trying to get my career started .
i would like to be . hoping my big break is coming soon .
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
hi how are you doing
that is cool what kinds of food do you like
i am a vegan so i do not eat a lot of sushi
that is cool i work at a small urban farm to grow vegetables
they really taste better when you grow them yourself
those are good what other things do you like to do
those are so good to cook with
how are you doing today
i do pray especially before my atlantic
then when before i go fishing
no not really i go to the lake
for the address i playing games with them like
my four daughters then do it to
so you like going to the mountains how do you like it
so how do you deal with it do you take any medicines
hello how are you today ?
i am starving , we should hunt dinner
i like hunting with my 2 kids
i used to donate apples
sure , do you have pets ?
yeah i like cats i have 2
i used to own one as a pet
they are mean little haters
hello there setting here with my 2 dogs loving life
kids are awesome i play video games with mine
i am a police officer and i feel the same way
great so does anyone like broccoli i do not
yes i always find wild flowers when i am hunting
long hair is great i am losing all mine bummer
old age is what i am blaming
oh well we all have age and it is terminal in all cases
how are you doing today
do you have any kids
what band did you follow
what other music do you like
i like all types of music .
yeah , it helps ease my mind .
why do they do that
are you terrible at it
how are you doing today
how is it there ? do you like it ?
what is it like there ?
i like music and cartoons , but i work in a store .
i like to draw a lot
i like scooby doo and superman
do you like any music
good morning , assuming its still morning where you are .
i do not have much patience anymore for reading .
people watching helps pass the time at the mall , at the park , at the bar .
just watching people . some of them do not know how foolish they are .
i have spent all my life in the city . farm life must have been nice, if only I could spend more time on the farm and less in the city.
fibromyalgia ! i have got that , too . we can be miserable together .
hey how are you doing today
did you still my big interview tollman
i meant being tall is very hard
that is true in every time i go travel
i really stand outdoors but i still like outdoors
so i just build things up
what kind of hiking usually do
hi how are you doing ?
it was good thanks for asking
no i feel like i am still a kid
why are you yelling at me ?
what city are you from ?
why are you doing that ?
i am from cali , ever been ? if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to speak to animals.
what are some of your hobbies ?
hi , how are you ?
long day ? did you work or stay up late last night ? i am great .
what time do you get off ? i totally can relate .
i go to work for only a short period of time , can't imagine that
do you like to do anything on your days off ?
have you ever been hiking ? my roommate and I tend to try new things .
there is a place around me that I like , not sure of the name though .
hello , how are you today ? chilly here
i like cake but have to be careful , i only eat organic due to some medical stuff
does that work well for the cat ? i have a couple of pet snakes myself
i am single , never had kids myself . i do not know if it is for me .
i am too much of an introvert i like comics and playing video games too much
i have dust allergies and a delicate stomach but other than that am in good shape
cats do not bother me actually , just like house dust and also pollen
well i collect autographs , have over two thousand so far
hi there ! i am busy cooking dinner but wanted to say hello !
i do not think so . i carry around hope my ex will come back .
nothing . she was jealous i was around men at work all day .
she was jealous . she said my laugh attracted too many men .
i will join your religion . can i cook for the congregation ?
i work in publishing with a bunch of dudes . i prefer the opposite sex .
classic car fan ? nice . what kind do you have ?
i wish i had one . do you like to drive fast ?
hello ! i just got home from playing soccer . watching finding nemo !
an onion ! i hate onions . they make me gag
i do not have a green thumb . my mom does and she tends to her garden here .
have you read summer in my garden ? i bet you would like it .
i mainly do keto and eat veggies sometimes , but from the store .
someone who has a green thumb . i love reading books .
you sound like Bubba Gump , just for onions !
oh ! i have read about crystal powers too ! they are referenced in Disney movies
you can be the you for onions then !
hello how are you ?
me too . the bus takes forever from the high school .
i hate traffic . my marching band held up traffic for hours last week .
your foster dad sounds cool . my mother is so awesome ! ! !
i hope to graduate this year before i turn 22
maybe ? i like to watch greys anatomy and hope to be a dr ! !
my mom does all my communication for me . its wonderful ! i love her .
that so sad ! i am sorry , moms are the best .
hello how are you doing ?
good thanks just finished my shift .
what are you up to today ? waitress at a club .
it is a dance club . really enjoy it .
the music and the tips and all the people i meet .
yeah . i do well . what do you do ?
awesome . what kind of music ?
what instrument do you play
hi how is your weekend going
you get to hear any of the music what does she teach
i am taking piano lessons now it is hard
i like music what do you like to do when you are not playing music
i like watching movies mostly scary movies
its good to get scared every once in a while
i need some help , if you do not mind
i need you to cut up my fruit and vegetables so i can eat it
thank you . i worked in the garden all day and i am not young anymore
oh no , i have some wisdom . tell me about it .
wow . what a nasty man . you are better off .
how old are you
71 . a little older than you
good . i will give you some nice carrots .
hey , how are you ? my name is robert .
i love iguanas ! mine like to chew on my beard , pretty weird .
dogs ? i thought we were talking about iguanas . dogs are cool too , i guess .
like what ? i met a dog that was taller than me , so it is a sore subject .
i thought you had dogs ? tell me more about the sassy names , i am interested .
you are all over the place . iguanas , dogs , and your brother all in three minutes !
not much . i mostly take care of my elderly parents . they are both in their 80s .
that is very young ! is your family healthy ?
good that they are healthy . mine almost always have pneumonia .
i doubt they have much time left . i will be happy when they are no longer suffering .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing fine , thank you for asking . what do you do for work ?
i do work at a scientific research facility . both of my parents worked there too
cancer research , mainly with proteins for a couple of important genes
i do not think we ever will be able to find a cure
cancer is a disease made of a million different causes , we cannot cure every possible cause
maybe , some day . do you do any sports ?
hi there how are you doing
oh i just practice shooting using a bow
hey how are you what are you up to
i do remodeling of houses and it is fun
it sounds like it and it fine for me
do you do hunting too like me
how about shopping i do it with only daughter
oh wow great and how s it
hi ! how are you ?
i am fine , thanks . i enjoy playing video games , what do you like to do ?
cool . i play guitar too when i have free time .
no doubt . i live by myself so its easier for me to play when i want .
i do . i am like to consider myself a chef , but i am a beginner .
that is for sure . yes , i like to cook different cuisines .
well , i enjoy italian food .
hey ! just got back from the gym !
lucky ! i love the beach . especially fishing at the beach .
pizza ! i miss pizza . my gym routine will not let me eat it .
that is awesome . i wish i could get my mba
i am in a band as the bass player
i would love to play on the beach
where do you recommend looking ?
oh , ok . that is a good idea .
hello . . . . . . . i am jessica ! i live in colorado .
great , thanks ! we are having a snow day so my girls are home from school .
i am sure they love that you are able to do that .
wives who climb , hosts a kids mountain climbing day , have your kids ever mountie climbed ?
i love climbing , i have done it since i was a kid ! !
gosh me either , my husband works at telecom boulder .
so nice , i feel the same about the outreach work i do in our little community .
its what i live for . . . . i love helping others
yo , what is up with you ?
i love it ! who did you see ? i am digging the no yo gotti track .
so cool ! i would love to see them but have to get good grades
are you a chef ? i am looking for a chef job .
that is sweet . i love angels . and god
how long have you been cooking vegan ?
cool . i am too young for a tattoo , still in high school .
yes ! just trying to work , praise god , get good grades , you know ?
hello there ! how are you doing ?
friends are great . any plans for tonight ?
probably gonna flirt with the dmv officer again
pudding is the worst . never eat pudding
blue bell ice cream . it is the best
no . i prefer to have my ice cream in the largest quantities allowed
drugs are the best . i highly recommend advil
walgreens has the best prices . and a good rewards card
hi there , how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
i love dogs . my real passion is hiking though .
life is fast enough , i hike along the appalachian trail .
we are polar opposites , i listen to folk songs and wear pink hiking boots !
i am a marketing guy ; got 10 years until i retire .
indeed , is a little-known fashion trend we have up the appalachian trail !
yes, and it affects men and women . at my age i have developed man boobs .
honesty is the best policy !
hi how are you doing
i am good getting ready to go on a date
dogs are good do you like music
i party a lot so i like to have a good playlist
i only like expensive sushi from nice restaurants
that is nice do you like designer clothes
hey . . . how are you doing tonight ?
baseball is great what position
nice . . . . . not everyone is that good you should be proud
well green is very lucky so i could see that
i also enjoy reading books and writing poetry
do you write poetry or just like reading it ?
well i could share but my poetry is very personal so i get shy
because it is something you are passionate about
hi how are you doing
that is nice i do not have a job
wow are you a doctor
haha whats your job in the er
it is i like to go swimming during the day
i like it too its so good
yeah i bet do you like tacos
ugh i hate them they are so gross
hi there . how are you ?
why did you have knee surgery ?
that is terrible ! sorry to hear that .
you can do it . i believe in you . i go off to college next year !
probably where the guy i fell in love with this past summer goes . we met at my lake .
i hope you do . it is amazing ! i am bummed were in school though . i hate it .
cant wait for college next year !
hello ! who are you ? eh ?
good ! just finished up some dungeons and dragons !
oh what did you cook ?
that sounds really tasty ! was it an apple pie ?
i like apples , they keep you healthy
i am a student , but studying medicine
i really like purple clothes .
where is your dream vacation ?
how are you doing today
i am doing great today
i was just eating a lot of meat
my dad worked as a butcher
yeah i love it so much
no . i already got my doctorate
i got it in business management .
hey , how is it going with you tonight ?
i am so bored and hungry ! i just finished working .
ooh , i love ice cream ! but , i am so craving nachos !
i cannot wait for my boyfriend to get home . maybe he will bring me nachos !
do you have a significant other ?
when my man gets home , we are going to shoot a new flick .
make a short film ! my mom and dad got me a video recorder for Christmas .
i hope he hurries home ! he always gets stuck at school .
hi , i am from long island . where are you from ?
what is your favorite thing about los angeles ?
mine too ! montauk is my favorite . what else do you like to do ?
oh , what do you do at the hospital ? are you a doctor ?
that is incredible ! doctors are so important . is there anything you would like to know about me ?
no kids , but i am the proud parent of three dogs
aw , that too bad . do you want any ?
i am a pilot , what do you do for living
how do you make money
haha , wish i could smoke weed , you sell ?
whats pretty hard not sure what you mean ?
okay i see haha , where do you live
that is sounds good , bout to build me another computer
hi ! do you have any weekend plans ?
i was planning on staying home and raking leaves , fall is staring early
fall is my absolute favorite time of year , i love everything pumpkin
oh neat ! do you sell them ?
since i love everything pumpkin i had my first pumpkin spice frap from starbucks
they are so expensive , but i indulge and treat myself . i am worth it !
yes i love mint chocolate chip ice cream , one of my faves .
hello how are you today ?
oh what type of test is it ?
oh boy yes that is a hard one do you work ?
i am also in school full time
business management i love it
yes it is i like running
lol i like to go out and dance with my friends
hello . how are you doing ?
good , that sounds yummy . just watching game of thrones .
nice . what do you do for a living ?
that is cool . i am a preschool teacher .
the university of nebraska lincoln , its a great school .
ll small world ! that is cool .
will you buy me some cats ?
yeah i like them . i just got a new employment opportunity
it is private . what is your favorite color ?
i wanted you to say green .
yes , it is i love it
travel , look at cars , and green things .
you could take me sometime .
hey ! how is your day doing ?
like billiards or swimming ? i ride my sweet hog all around .
what kind of art ? maybe i will like your stuff and add one to my collection .
anywhere i can ride i will go . i ride in a big group .
i keep art on my body .
no speed limits . i rode in germany . went over 208 for a good half hour .
naw . mostly skulls and roses and angel wings
i box to keep in shape . champion !
hi how are you doing
i love horses . what other hobbies do you have ?
what job do you have
oh wow i like to play the guitar a less expensive hobby lol
that is funny what music do you like to listen to
i like the rolling stones
haha yeah i wish i could see them live
haha that is so funny what job do you have
hi ! how are you tonight ? i am sitting here with my cat pearl
wow ! god bless you . i am very close to my mom . do you boys or girls ?
i do not have a job right now , but i belong to a book club .
i went to a casino once . my 2 girlfriends and i just to have a drink .
that is supercool . do you have any pets ?
pearl is here with us , with her kitten paw on my cell phone .
i like cats more than dogs , but dogs are okay too . but you are busy enough .
hey whats up ? hope you like talking to disappointments
my mom just said i am the most disappointing of her five kids
sounds like you have a nice life . i have not even ever seen a beach !
i am a professional rock climber , so rocks
does not seem so bad ! i bet your mom is proud of you
my mom was only proud of me when I taught my parrot , todd , to talk .
beach music , reggaeton i guess
hi how are you today ?
pretty good do you listen to music ?
seems like fun . i like museums
do you watch any tv shows ?
all about the voice even though reality tv is trash
i like everything kinda . do you travel much ?
how are you doing today ?
corey and currently planning my next mea
meal i am always hungry
i will eat just about anything
i try and make all my meals
i try and make some of my food when i am out in the woods
i do not because i cannot stop shopping
hi ! so , i am looking for a second job , i am currently a grill cook .
i would love to own my own restaurant some day .
oh that is beautiful ! i just listen to pink floyd .
i go running too . its a great way to start my mornings .
so true . what do you do ?
i am a grill cook for now , saving money for my dream restaurant .
on weekends when i am not working yes !
do you like to cook ? i have some great recipes .
hi , how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
that is interesting . i do not have a full time job , i just do odd jobs
just odd ones . i work to support my 3 siblings .
what kind of music do you like ?
wow . that is a cool instrument
do you like to travel ?
i travel alot but i stay in the u . s
hi how are you doing
i am good though sad summer is almost over
what causes the lines near you in the summer
ohh that is kind of cool do you like his music
not so much what are your hobbies
i like pants way better than dresses
hi how are you this evening ?
good i just got off work at mcdonalds .
it was ok , what do you do for a living ?
fun ! i am currently living with mom and dad while i save for a car .
i love country music . my favorite artist is jason aldeen .
i will , being only 18 i do not know a lot about cars .
i do i have a cat .
thank you ! i will need a good car for college in a year .
i need to get that last song picked for my wonderful music playlist .
if you saw me one time i was the best basketball player until my injury .
my parents cannot stand the women calling me always .
i guess they love those brand name clothes i wear .
my parents do not like the women and me playing the loud music .
i wished i could played that pro basketball for the new york knicks .
i had that injury so i could not accept the offer .
do you live in the US ?
my best friend is from russia !
he lives in the US now . we met at work .
yes and he is fluent in russian and english
i have my own small candle business . you ?
awesome ! whats the most you have lifted ?
hi , how are you today ?
washup ! what are your hobbies ?
cool ! do you play many gigs ?
what sort of venues do you play at ?
nice . . are you doing a gig this weekend ?
i would love to ride a horse one day .
i am staring at my neil tyson degrasse poster and wondering who he is .
i want to be an astronaut later and i know neil degrasse tyson .
i would be a hunter if i could hunt lasagna . i am almost garfield .
i could use my two dogs for that . they are my best friends a girl can have .
magic ! penn and teller taught me but they do not know who tyson degrasse is .
yes they created neil tyson degrasse i think .
whatever he is he has to do with grass .
what kinda engine you got in that there mower ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
your welcome . i have a band if you need a live one .
we play classic rock been together for 17 years . but i do know a choir too .
oh , your theater company may have came to my music store before .
yeah , i will sell eventually and move to florida .
yeah , i know . i hope the animals are doing okay too . i am a activist also .
they are amazing . do you have plans for after your wedding ?
they are amazing . do you have plans for after your wedding ?
how are you ? i am getting ready to go to my janitorial job .
that sounds interesting . i love getting my whiskey from waitresses .
i get nervous in clubs i have lost contacts in them several times .
really ? i hear they have lots of great campsites there . i love camping !
i am into photography . i love taking pictures of everything !
awesome how far is it ? i have done 5 k s in the past .
that is pretty long . i do not think i could do it !
hi
hell i am good and you ?
i play the guitar . u ?
that is cool . what do you do for a living ?
where are you from ?
i am in cali
hi how are you doing ?
i am goog thanks for asking
what city are you located ?
no sorry i have not
i would have to say green
what do you do for a living ?
hello would you care to chat tonight ?
good . waiting to take a late night walk .
its clear tonight . quite since i live alone . how about you ?
oh nice ! i like to read a lot . do you ?
oh nice . i ordered pizza since its my favorite for the night .
oh wow . did you enjoy that work ?
oh . well hows your night going so far ?
i need some dating advice please
me either , i just stare from afar as flirting
it gets lonely working at my job , selling snakeskin oil
can we go cloud watching afterwards ? and hold hands ?
why is dating so bad though ? can we at least hang out at costco
you seem like a very stubborn person
i guess i will just stare at you from afar at costco
oh , i am a girl too haha . i guess its a no regardless
hi, how are you?
i only buy the same pants. i have 5 pair now.
cool. no kids yet. my sister, who is like my mom, keeps asking, though.
ya. my sister wants me to get married. not ready for that yet.
i want to quit my job and become a Justin Bieber roadie.
cool. i still carry a picture of my dream girl in my pocket.
i took her to the prom. it is in my wallet daily.
ya. it was my senior prom. man, i miss that chick.
the new all american rejects track is about to drop , gotta have it .
you should run a marathon , it gives you natural highs .
i suck at drawing . weightlifting can make you feel like a conqueror , try that .
read comics , listen to all american rejects , it will lift you up . got pets ?
sure , i can show my support . ever have a great dane ?
got three of them . they are very glassy girls but a bit spoiled .
princesses i tell you . odd for a weightlifter but i love them .
hey , i used to have a yorkie !
hey , just got back from a run . how are you ?
feeling pretty great . what are you up to ?
what book did you read ?
that is always a favorite . i will probably read it to my kids one day .
what do you do in your daily life ?
i own a gym and run a fitness blog .
yeah , you cannot just selectively tone . its a fully body and mind experience
well , burpees can be a good start , just be warmed up
do a pushup , pull your feet up , jump up , reach up , go back to pushup position
time and hard work are the only ways
i have been a fitness coach for three years
how are you doing this evening
who is bart ? is that a pet ? animals are a love of mine
yes i do have pets my farm has pigs , horses and a few hens
i love farming , and country music , guess you can say i am an all american girl
its a great genre for sure ! its kinda where i got my love for dancing from
me too ! what are you studying
that is great , a sociology class is actually how i became vegan , learning about gmo products
its actually been not as bad as i thought , i get many ideas from pinterest
hi there ! i am jeff from san francisco .
hi jeff . i am a web developer . you ?
honest pay is always a decent job . i make pretty good money as a developer .
no time for hobbies . i usually just go out drinking with friends .
all the time . last month i took a trip to hawaii .
you must live close to the border . which state ?
i want to visit someday . but i do not get out much these days .
that and my weight . its hard to get around and walk long distances .
hero buddy , hows it going today ?
oh , but that means you get to be around a lot of people , huh
i like to make new friends
i like all colors , none should be dismissed .
blue is such a beautiful color . it reminds me of a blue doll i once had .
not so much . i used to hike outside the orphanage , but got terribly lost .
somedays, just 8 hours of sleep does not feel like enough.
work issues? i am a good electrician, but the billing issues are stressful.
odd jobs? or have you been working towards, like a family operation this long?
weesh. i am sorry. i hear factory jobs are rough. did you stay there for a while?
do you get holidays off? winter is awful, but it's coming. xd
caught that, eh? ll. i am way behind on got, but just got sucked into power.
hi stranger , how are you doing ?
i and doing great , i just came back from work . what do you do for a living ?
oh i see , do you cook for them ? i like cooking
that is nice . i love the outdoors , also to swim when the weather is hot
i am in the us , greek roots because my mother is from there . where are you from ?
wow , i am in south california , orange county . have you ever been here ?
no , i moved here like 15 years ago . i was living in miami before that
tell me something that i do not know about you . for example my favorite color is green
hi there , do you like dogs ?
oh , wow , i like cats , too . i have a small beagle , i call him droopy .
i am from florida . i love shrimp , i like to dip them in bbq sauce .
it is a southern thing , lol
right now i have 2 ear infections , i like watching youtube videos when i relax .
i really like fall in ny , i also like eating pumpkins in the fall .
i like to add pumpkin to my recipes .
actual pumpkin . i get many recipes online using 3rd party programs , not adobe
hey you ! what did you get into today ?
awesome . great band . i am just watching some basketball replays
i am obsessed with it , to be honest . and other sports too
no i do not . thankfully or i would not be able to afford all my cars
that is so sweet ! no i am single
if anything , i love cars too much . but i am really healthy
they do . but i work out too hard to drink them
i love cars . especially ferraris . rolling stones is a great band
hi . i am lovely oh so
that is terrible awful . so sorry
good . you should stay that way
sleep sleep sleep and so on
i like making my voice sound like a frog
sometimes i get woke up
i have 3 kids . i do not know sleep
3 , 7 and 11 . sheesh tired
good morning , how are you ?
i wish i could eat healthy
that might be true , are you married .
yes i am i married my high school love .
i been married since high school , like pop ?
i must keep 1 on me .
i love them i need them
my favorite color is pink my 3 daughters like the color also
hi , i am a character voice for the local radio station . what do you do ?
i got started on sesame street as the first test child . how did get started ?
i live in arizona now i moved from california after accidentally starting a forest fire .
wow that is hard work . i know six languages and always carry a knife .
wow , what was that like growing up ?
it is really easy to learn .
no , not at the moment . how about you ?
amazing ! new relationships are fun .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing pretty good i just got signed as an extra for a major motion picture
i live in the Manhattan i love to paint and create art
no i am not are you ?
i love fruit also
i also love the green ones and strawberries
hi , i am a strong married woman .
also good , in my line of work i travel a great deal , what do you do ?
i work in the art field and love doing projects in museums . do you have any hobbies ?
i have no kids yet but want them , how about you ?
what kind of books do you sell ? i love history and romance novels .
bacon is my favorite breakfast meat , steak for dinner .
medium well for me , rare for my husband . i fry a mean chicken also .
what city ? i live in a small town where everybody knows your name .
good evening , how are you ?
i hear ya ! i just finished some blue jello . its my favorite .
mixed berry i believe it was .
it does . we just got our power back on from the hurricane .
it was ! my neighbor left her 6 cats with me and i have 4
person i do not know ! i have 10 cats now and 2 play with my long red hair ! if I had the chance, I would love to adopt a couple of dogs as well.
oh , i get it in large bags . plus she left her box as well .
good afternoon there how are you
playing with my dogs and making cheesy potatoes
2 boston terriers they are cute
accounting and car leasing what do you do
money will not buy happiness but makes a great down payment on it
true , unless you do not have bills
we would not have people like donald trump , which would be great
i agree one hundred percent
hi i am chet and i have veggies
i love to shop at american eagle
no , but i do spend time with family and love it .
yeah me too . i drive a chevy duramax and love those cars
how old are you to be precise ?
ok if you do not want to share, that is up to you .
yeah winter is coming soon . its gonna be really cold .
sounds like a good thing to do
good morning ! finally someone is on !
ok . i am working from home because of back pain . you ?
ah , old school kind of games .
a little . i love reading and being out hiking more . nature and stuff .
i have a german shepard and 2 cats . crazy life .
what kind of work do you do ?
i used to love rc cars ! i had so many . i am a journalist
yes , a little local paper . i love that some people still read actual papers .
hello ! 3 kids , runner , cheese cake , work and 16 candles . you ?
get out ! me too ! favorite movie ?
oh okay . i like to eat fish bait for snacks . you married ?
hmmm . how can i make more money ? one time i made a unicorn cry .
yes and chicken wings are our friends . you workout ? i run .
that is funny . merna jean is my best friend . what do you write about ?
great ! i make a necklace out pens . you wear pen jewelry ? i do .
to die for ! any children ? my sons are john and wayne .
how are you doing today ?
good . i just finished practicing with the philadelphia eagles .
yes . i am going to be the quarterback in the playoffs .
not really . are you religious ?
if you think it fits your lifestyle then it does not matter .
mine have been scared about me getting hurt since i started last season .
yeah . i am sure your parents still love you even if they do not agree
gardening is a hobby of mine . do you garden or just work there ?
veterinarian is my occupation , how about you ?
though my husband makes a lot as a lawyer
flowers is what i love
my 2 kids love our dogs too , 3 dogs
hawaiian flowers , very tropical flowers
i am reading your chat
California is where i am from
come visit here if you're free
hello , good evening how are you
oh that is too bad , i need both my arms to cook my dinner i really love cooking
that is wonderfully awful , my dad sells used cars , and i need two arms to fish
i am a pretty pleasant person to be around , my dogs think so
i should have explored my ambition for cooking
no but i like my dog pepperoni
look on the bright side you could have gangrene
i love being a happy person , and especially when i fish , you should try
hi ! please tell me about yourself .
i am disabled and have many hobbies like photography .
i am okay . feel sorry for you . my brother has asthma . . . moved to utah from east . . . is better
my enjoyment is from the music of rain on the windows , , , i burn candles , not lightbulbs .
no not at all . i am confined to a wheelchair and pour my money into my hobbies .
it is art to me . i enjoy taking pics and hanging them . what do you do ?
that sounds like important work . i have not ever had a job
sometimes i take an access van to a flea market , but I prefer to sleep in .
hi , how are you today ? are you up to anything fun ?
where do you live ? i live in the suburb near a major city .
are you also a teacher like i am , or do you just read or write poetry ?
do you have any children ? i have three . two boys and a girl .
do you like gardening ? i do , i like seeing the fruits of my labor .
have you graduated from college ? secondary english education is what i graduated with .
that is awesome . maybe one day i can teach some of the poetry you have written .
good afternoon , how are you today ?
ok , just worried about this hurricane .
true . living in florida so it is difficult not to worry .
no , we are not in an evacuation zone yet so we are ok
we should be . just worried about power outages . i love to cook good meals , so . . .
baked ziti ! its easy and flavorful .
hi . do you like sports , such as hockey or rollerblading ?
hiking is enjoyable when i go through the metro parks .
good idea ! i eat balanced meals and granola bars are a good choice on hikes .
i stay away from the sun also . as a fair-skinned caucasian i burn .
i have tried but i cannot keep my interest in it . do you like it ?
that is interesting . i am not a music person either but i have tried .
yes , i enjoy rollerblading and hockey .
surfing looks scary to me . do you have to be an excellent swimmer ?
good afternoon ! i am enjoying the day away from the office . you ?
really ? all music ? i like the stuff on my video games . It would be interesting to see how music could enhance your scooter rides.
hi nick ! i have a variety of screen names for my games .
that is a unique color for hair .
what about going to national parks ? i love to do that . no music .
i would love to meet them ! i enjoy going for runs and all of the greenery there .
cool . how fast does it go ? i wonder if i could keep up .
that is pretty fast . i would have to train more .
hey ! guess what happened to me last month ?
no , exciting . i got my first girlfriend !
wow . you should of helped me ! i hang with my friends a lot too .
who did you play ? do you like to hike ? i love it .
that is pretty cool . we should have breakfast together sometime .
oh boy ! that is crazy . i will fix us some pancakes .
do you like outdoors ? i can see us biking together .
you seem like a cool dude .
hey there , everyone says i look like a girl because i have long hair .
i will do that . maybe i will scare them with my pet lizard .
lizards are awesome . i have only three good friends and my lizard .
i have never read his books but I wish I could play the guitar as well as you .
oh no , i am sorry . i dream about fantasy lands and draw them in class .
wow , i would love to hear you play sometime .
hello are how are you doing ?
a little sad . . . recently lost my mother
no she was sick for awhile but i was not ready
i enjoy my job . . . . teaching hot yoga
well the room is very hot while performing difficult moves
swim like a rock and run if a big bear is chasing me
prefer biking and kettlebell training to swimming and running
hi i am from texas , where are you from ?
awesome , i like to read myself
huckleberry finn , my favorite singer is ke ha
yes , mostly beer and pu
no , but i have a friend james that secretly rules the world
no actually it is white , but i like pudding , but it makes me gassy
i have never done drugs because i do not know where to buy them
yes they are bad , there is a lot of drugs in texas
hi how are you today
sorry to hear that was he old
i am good do you work
nothing really either did you go to school
oh i was home schooled
no i learned everything from mom
sometimes . i could never complain about the teacher at home though !
hi how are you doing
it is nice out where do you live
that is so nice fall is the best time for that
i am a college student so traveling is not in the budget right now
what do you do for a living
that is cool i work at a grocery store when i am not in school
no i do not think ours plays music at all
my daughter got married last week .
thank you . she mailed me a package from tahiti , that was amazing .
where do you enjoy hiking
i often fantasize about magic being real .
that really sounds quite interesting .
i totally agree with you there .
i am a beekeeper at a honey bee farm . how about you ?
it can be challenging . how old are your kids ?
hi how are you tonight ?
me too ! i hate my job even though i make good money at it
i am a computer technician . its very boring
no not really . only thing that makes me happy is coming home to my dog at night
yeah . they are a lot of responsibility
no not really i was always good with computers
probably so . its not hard to learn . oh my tea is ready !
hi my name is john
good , just taking some online courses and eating ice cream .
contracting for a cab company is what i do
no i am not . where are you located ?
you married ? i am engaged at the moment .
you married ? i am engaged at the moment but only time will tell .
listening to rock music . what about you ?
hello ! did you know that february is my favorite month ?
cute ! i love february because i love the color red .
i have red everything . . . lipstick , purse , shoes . . . lol
i bet ! what kind of dog do you have ? i love dogs .
awww , cute . i have a shih tzu .
he is a sweetie . . . and allergy free .
i bet . i would be lonely without my dog .
uh oh . . . i think a lot of people are not good at math .
what do you do for fun ? i am an artist .
clever name . i use watercolors to make art . mostly in my favorite shades of blue .
i am single too . do you like italians ?
does being deaf hurt your game ? i would hate to clean up after a game .
i would like to play you ! can we play on a blue court ?
nice ! it is definitely my favorite . would you like to paint with me ?
i live in new york . where do you live ?
well , you will have to come a ling way to paint .
hello ! how is your day going ?
well , thanks . its a gorgeous sunny day , which i love !
well , i love coffee , and i really enjoy winning ! how about you ?
awesome ! i can tell right now that i am going to like you i can always tell !
not really . what else do you enjoy ?
cool . i like people but i have feeling like i have to hang out with them .
hello ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
that sounds fun , i just seem to cook all day . i enjoy it though .
maybe some time ! my family has a killer recipe from italy that my three kids love .
of course . do you have family ?
lucky ! i have been married a while , but married young . three kids too .
my family back in italy would like that . my parents do not speak english though .
italian and english . i moved to america when i was only 14 .
hi ! hows it going today ?
i am good ! whats your favorite color ? mines blue
haha maybe i should dye my hair blue then !
not really . i have two left feet
oh cool ! i love watching it , but i like pizza too much to try it haha
definitely . especially cheese pizza . whats yours ?
haha i will have to try that . how old are you ?
you forget how old you are ? ? i am 20
hi there how are you ?
i am 49 and i drive a pink car .
my dad is my best friend , he is an airline pilot .
i have a youtube channel , we should do martial arts on it !
that sounds like a lot of fun
really , i make makeup videos , you should check one out !
my cat leela wars makeup
no , she is a very annoying cat .
hello , how are you ? could you tell me about yourself ?
where do you work ? i work on my family farm ; in fact , i run it !
sweet ! i did not attend university in order to operate the farm , but i have had bad luck .
speaking of bad luck my currently ex girlfriend hooked up with my ex best friend !
have you ever been on an airplane ? i have not had an opportunity to , yet !
tell me about it ! ! i am a bit nervous to climb on a big ol jet airliner .
hi ! how are you today ?
oh goodness ! i wish i had that kind of an iq ! what do you do with it ?
i am sorry to hear that , dana . did their death give you super intellect ?
cute name does the k stand for something ? ketamine , maybe ?
with your intellect , i imagine you can think of something ! i am too tied down to travel .
maybe invent a real way for people to lose weight , keep it off , and feel attractive ?
every neglected wife and mother would pay to feel desire !
i feel like my husband does not notice me sexually . and other housewives feel that way , too .
it is going to be another weekend , with me , tv and my bottle .
ll , not that bottle . what else is a lonely guy supposed to do .
that is for kids . i am too old for that . i write kids books .
you are too young then . what else do you like ?
i like all kinds of desserts and shopping online .
wow ! that is great . tennis is fun .
hello , how are you tonight ?
do you live in a cold environment ? i do .
no , i graduated a few years ago .
i work at a ski resort , at the front desk .
i am too , i am terrified of the ski lift though , so i do not teach .
i love to be around people . they are so fascinating .
i have a husky , his name is dixon .
i love horses too , we do not have any these days .
do you like going to the movies ?
i used to go with my brother forever ago !
i always wanted to play outside when the weather was nice .
oh i loved running and listening to my cape flap !
i would play superhero all day if mom would let me .
rockstars are cool ! yea i feel that !
did you dress up and have a microphone ?
hey , how is your day going so far ?
are you a bartender ?
i waited tables for years . great money but high stress .
i live near a big culinary school . my family moved here from across the country .
country is okay but i prefer rock concerts .
at least the bar does not play rap music .
i was raised on a farm and not really exposed to it .
have a good night at work !
do you go to school ? i am a medical student .
what do your parents do ? mine are doctors .
i am sorry , are you married ?
that is great ! i am single and in love with a girl who does not know .
maybe she will notice me in theater i like that when i am not busy with school .
i like that , i wanted to be an actor but ended up pressing being a doctor .
that is pretty cool . big open parking lots are a good start !
hey ! or hello rather . hay is for horses
only really bad ones . . have to have a sense of humor . i am a ginger
yes great show . fiendishly inappropriate humor
i am learning Spanish for fun . i ask already speak German . you ?
what kind of stuff do you read ?
i need to read more . i am more of an outdoorsy kinda guy
same ! nice getting to know you
i am celebrating my 20th anniversary today !
we are traveling to iceland , we love to see new cultures
are you a veteran like i am ?
when i watch football , i like to be alone
you should adopt a pet dog , they love walks , and security
i help at animal shelters on my free time
just give them love and attention
hope your day is a nice one !
i have not . i have some fresh fish but do not like to eat them .
i enjoy fishing at the creek . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds fun ! i am a fan of the outdoors myself
i am 34 . i also enjoy beers at the creek when i fish, I wish I could join you for a beer at the creek when you fish.
yep the drinking age is 21 in my area .
that sounds fun ! i have been to europe when i was younger
i have not been to either of those places but they look nice in pictures !
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh my god that is terrible i am very sorry to hear that .
i like being home , i am a georgia girl .
i only watch a little bit , i am more into my violin .
that would be a lot of fun , especially if chocolate is involved .
that is good , do you like kids ?
i want one boy and one girl some day .
hey whats up ? ? you have any pets ?
i have got an obnoxious cat . lol i work at home , she bugs me all day
that is awesome . i am a huuuuge reader
that is really cool . i specifically have an obsession with comics
yes marvel and dc . have any favorite bands ?
you should check out nightwish . awesome band
i am so very very tired
i work a lot . around 40 hours .
the bank life is rough , i want to go out to eat . want to take me ?
never mind i guess . i thought i was important but i guess not .
no i want to be important to everyone
thank you god . finally someone does .
yes , several actually . i am usually polite but i am tired .
an egg and a hug sounds good . thanks .
hello how are you today ?
probably hating gym class the most
i thought about getting something to eat i seem to be hungry all the time
no my wife and kids think i should visit the doctor
yes i do work a lot of hours every week
i have put on a lot of weight and feel bad about myself
yes i should . i think i should buy a corvette to make me happy lol
hello how are you tonight
i would imagine , my ex was one i eat meat though now single
i would imagine , i owe out so much i am lucky i can afford anything to eat
yes i do i am assuming you are in the country
that would be great then you could be my freind i have a lot
i can understand that it must be boring
lol that sounds like a lot of fun
shopping that is the best
hi how are you doing ? i like to work out do you ?
wow wished i could have seen him that must have been awesome .
i work out as much as i can and sometimes i do not get enough .
yes i am a proud mother of one beautiful daughter .
i wished i could i bet you have an awesome time .
wow i am all the way in jersey . i love learning new things .
yes i wished we could how far is aruba never been that far .
oh that is sweet thank you so much enjoy your night . sweetie .
that is very long ways along from where i am .
hey , what are you up to tonight ?
sweet . i love dancing when i go for drinks with friends .
that is sad . my best friend is my mom . i could not imagine losing her .
do you have any siblings or pets to keep you company ? i like cats .
a dance show ? what kind of dance ?
if you need a distraction , i go to book club . we meet weekly .
we read different books each week . i could text you the details love my phone !
hi , there , are you a pet lover ? i love my 2 pooches !
i am so sorry , i have to like dogs . i work for a vet .
no , thank god . i am close to my mom but she is allergic to dogs .
she can not because of the allergies , so i visit her .
no , i am chicken . do you have tats ?
may i ask if it hurt ?
i could never handle that !
hi there ! i am from new york city , where are you from ?
that is not too far from here . do you have any hobbies ?
nurses have demanding schedules . wall street is just a 9 to 5 .
it can be . at least i enjoy wearing suits and ties .
sushi is delicious , but i stay home to eat with my poodle nanette .
no kids , just my poodle .
normally i will go on a walk or do some yoga .
hi i am tony do u like football i am a quarterback
yeah my dream is to be drafted to the eagles
last year i was not starter this year i am
high protein low carb so i make playoffs
i want to show my league proud n make state
been playing since a toddler
no little league is heavy padded
no this week we are off
i can t believe how distressing the news has been this week !
omg hurricanes , fires , trump . all the murders in chicago this week .
i hardly think the murders in my town or las vegas is a funny subject
well i m a mom with a couple kids and i can t imagine losing them .
who knows ? i teach english at our lady of perpetual indulgence and 2 kids died last year
nah not really . i exercise indoors doing yoga so winter sports no big deal
not here in chicago . it s like the titanic going down !
hello there . both my dogs and i says hello .
hello you 2 . did you ever watch the movie it ? so terrified of clowns !
oh my goodness . i live in an apartment on the third floor .
that is great ! what are your hobbies ?
i see . what are you taking ?
i am an interior designer here in ny .
actually we are working on a nursery right now .
hello , how are you doing today ?
not so good . today is the anniversary of my dads death .
five years ago when i was in high school . it still hurts .
i guess you are right . anyways , please tell me about yourself ?
oh really ? what are thinking about eating ?
oh , maybe some angel hair pasta with shrimp .
hiya unknown person . i would like to learn a bit about you !
do you have to get up so early . i usually stop playing video games about that time .
i sleep in play games all night after going to ballet in the afternoon .
i like all kinds of music , but am not very familiar with opera
no i live in new york . where do you live ?
my favorite is mac cheese !
i went to california once , loved the magnolia trees . . . purple is my favorite color !
yes , but i am thinking of moving to the west coast soon . . . do you like california ?
why hello there how are you ?
i have been up working all night
i like to wear jeans
i like buying new skateboards
it is a hobby of mine
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am in love with my coworker
i like wearing t shirts a lot
hello , how are you tonight ?
that sounds like a rich person thing to do . . .
i spent ages at a private , elite , ivy league .
got a degree and now i work in finance . do you have any acting studies ?
when you get famous , do you think you should be taxed more ?
that is very good , i do not like people who do not believe in that
yeah , lower income people need less taxes to be able to support themselves
i got my undergrad in economics and my masters in personal finance
hey there ! veteran from Kentucky here , you ?
i am great , just taking a break from a great book "Enders Game".
same here , retired now so when i am not gardening i am working .
blueberry ? i love strawberry , i also love fresh cut veggies .
you are going to start coughing up hairballs with that many !
are you going to get it cut really short ?
not really just cuddling up with a good book and a warm fire .
hello there ! what do you like to do for fun ?
nice ! i like sewing , swimming , and adding veggie seeds to my garden !
oh yeah i will sew anything ! what do you do for a living ?
fun ! i am a cashier at walmart during the day , but i sell the clothes i make too .
i dye my hair too . i am making some fresh pies today
oh that is fun ! i dye my hair dark brown , matches any outfit !
oh yes ! i season my pies with spices fresh from my garden !
hello . how are you doing today ?
cool . sorry it took me so long . what are you doing ?
oh that sounds good . especially with a hamburger steak . i like triple cheeseburgers
well sometimes you just have to break the mold . be iconoclastic .
an iconoclastic soldier . like bill murray in that movie . cant remember .
stripes . its called stripes . your brother must be a funny guy .
i still have not seen it . i do not care for medieval fantasy much . its ok .
i think i hear voices
my enjoy a good mystery flavor cake .
my neighbors pool guy likes cake , i lust after him .
i argue with myself more than i argue with myself .
i am all good with my cake !
i love homemade desserts . so do my coworkers . . . lol
i think my students hear them too
hey whats up i am awesome how about you
no time to watch that i am trying to start a band like system of a down
hey man i am a vegan and that is offensive to my cult
dude i have been playing coldplay on my piano since i was 6
i meant to write culture but i guess cult is fitting
rad bro that is awesome dude super duper
its a cult who are we trying to fool
do you have a large family ?
i have two brothers no sisters .
do you have to go to the doctor a lot ?
i like it when there is a fresh snow on .
i do not eat much bread
i love lettuce that sounds good
i married for 39 years
i have one child he is thirty years old
hi . i like to watch clouds .
yes ! and shopping at cosco . you ?
cool . i flirt by staring at people .
that is cool . i hate my dead end job .
thanks . i sell snakeskin oil . it is a weird job .
oh that is really nice .
you must be dead tired a lot
hi . how are you today ?
excellent . if my wifi speeds up we can get this done quickly haha .
same here . i have roommates and they are loud as heck .
both . and i love to cook . and bake
i prefer sledding no matter how grown up i get . i am also afraid of clowns .
i doubt you do . do not be so harsh on yourself .
creepy . i look like fat bastard from austin powers so .
hello . what do you do ?
i own a cupcake bakery.
i prefer to keep it up . more sanitary.
i have a couple of sisters that think that's the worst part too.
my sisters and my mother are my only family really . mom is a damn fine orthodontist.
in the silicon valley which is why its my favorite show.
that is super cool . do you play any sports ?
hi , my name is pat how are you
that sounds good, I am watching a movie
my favorite food is fish and spanish
sorry about that, I know you know that was a mistake
I have five children what about you
shopping , like to go fishing also
that sounds good, I like truck farming
do you work and where do you work
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
tell me about you , what is your favorite food ?
brownies are great , i like alcohol in my coffee
i am a music journalist , i love lindsey spirlings music
san diego , what about you ?
i do not know where that is
good evening . hows your day going ?
glad to hear . been listening to music all day , keeps me at peace as well .
that make sense . love my mom , she keeps me grounded !
i want to be a musician . following a tight schedule to try to make it happen .
thanks ! i am confident i will someday . for now i will just binge greys anatomy lol
for a writing position or as a copy editor or something ?
how are you ? its a great morning here in nashville .
oh no . you should play some music , that is what i do in my spare time .
i am about to go to my local farmers market , i go every weekend .
i am a professor at tennessee state .
what is your course of study ? i can find out .
maybe you can become a history teacher at your local school ?
teaching is a wonderful job . and you can lifeguard in the summer .
do they make a lot of money ? my husband needs a job .
hi , what do you like to do ?
wow , impressive . i love to sing , even though i am shy .
i love cats ! yeah , i have never been able to sing in public until lately .
i agreed to participate in an audition for a talent show .
well , i was accepted to audition , but i panicked and did not go .
great ! who is your sister ?
the material sister !
she would ! i think the stage is frightened of her !
i am watching game show what are you doing
www whats the matter with her
wow that is awesome 95 ! i religious , she must have planted good seeds in her life
that is great to hear , i did smoke and drank few years but stopped
wow , through cancer , sorry to hear that
my my my , that is crazy , at least you stopped and still here
and miracles do happen a lot more than we see
well just got back from london for work now just watching tv
hi there , getting a pedicure now . love the nail salon . how are you ?
how long are you married ? i am single but have a son named owen .
how sweet ? any pets ? i have a dog but cat hair makes me sneeze .
i mentor beauty contestants . i used to compete years ago in pageants .
work for what ? i used to work for a big company but it was stressful .
same here , but it will be years before i can retire . any hobbies ?
i draw and love makeup tutorials on internet .
what a wonderful day ! i love getting up to watch the sun rise .
do you like horses ? i work with them here on my ranch .
what do you and your kids like to do together ?
i love Mexican food ! i write about my favorite restaurants on my blog .
its called shut up and eat ! i review restaurants near the ranch .
in Nevada , where my ranch is . where are you ?
do you ever feel like you belonged someplace else ?
hi ! lets get to know each other . a s l ?
20 , female , student at uri . i am majoring in education . what do you do ?
i like to visit the risd museum here . i just went on a first date there yesterday !
do you have a boyfriend ?
it is . do you like kids ?
i love kids ! when i graduate , i will look for a kindergarten teaching job .
cool ! yeah i understand . world is overpopulated anyway .
oh but they are so moody !
hey there , what do you do for a living ?
i am working for ibm , but i hope to retire within the next 10 years .
yeah i am thinking hawaii sounds nice . but i may be too tall to surf .
yeah , the beach will be very different then where i am in chicago .
haha yeah last time i was in nyc everyone thought i played for the knicks .
not at all . i am just really tall . about 7 feet .
i do not think i would be very good .
how is it going ? what kind of things do you enjoy doing ?
nice , me too . i really love doing crafts , especially drawing , i really enjoy it .
yes ! do you have any children ? i am a mother to 3 girls and 2 boys .
i used to have lots of animals ! how about music ? do you have a favorite ?
i really love all music , but i guess reggae is my favorite
absolutely ! i am a huge hippie !
so what else do you like ? what do you do for work ?
hello . how are you ?
that is great . i am a mom and i stay at home .
me too ! we have a second child on the way . i am pregnant now .
i know . my husband works . he is an engineer .
oh ok . i have a disorder . severe anxiety .
it is ok . i am getting treatment . do you have a good pension from the navy ?
my dad is retired from postal service . disabled veteran .
72 . hey do you like art ? i love it .
hello i am dave and you
i live in nevada las vegas nevada
i am a personal trainer like 5 days a week
i love going fishing on the weekend its super relaxing
its was a very warm day today
sunday is like the best day to watch sports
its a awesome night love the night air
this dog is really getting on my nerves
hi how are you
really good despite the break up
it happens . why are you in vegas ?
very cool i make a living playing in a band
some rock mainly country . how often do you fly ?
awesome i live in dc as my folks used to be in office
that is awesome , are you much of a movie fan ?
wow i would thank them for their service
hey how are you today ?
traveling , i want to learning many languages
spanish , french , german , anything else along the way
awesome , I wish I had pursued a career in ballet like my mother.
ha i choose to be self-employed so not much
i am a programmer make websites and phone apps
yes many opportunities , but boring would rather travel
yup been to new york city 3 times this year
hi , how are you today ?
oh wow . that is a big step .
oh congratulations . what did you study ?
i studied finance and now work in it .
not usually . i mainly work from home though .
oh that is cool . what do you do for fun ?
i love eating out . i do it at least three times a week .
what is your political orientation ?
hello how are you tonight ?
i am good too , what did you have for dinner
i am in chicago , i ate vegan food
i am 30 , and i have been working at apple for seven years
i think ipads are the best tablets ever , i read my ebooks there
what do you work at ?
no , i suck at drawing . country music is my music
hey how are you doing today ?
do you have any pets ?
me too , i love bart .
ever since my parents got divorced he has been my best friend .
he has helped me ace my college courses .
i get together with my friends and we have veggies to be healthy
hopefully , when i graduate in two years i will be able to shop a lot too
sleep is really important to success .
what is up , party person ?
oh , just waiting for my toenails to dry .
oh , yeah , super fast . but i put like twelve coats on there .
i am kind of between jobs . my credit card bills are , like , whoa .
are you researching those cars that drive themselves ?
that is awesome . i can barely get my computer to work most days .
i live in los angeles with my dad .
hi how has your night been ?
i am great . practicing my music a lot trying to join a local band .
classic rock . i have nine guitars i hope one brings me luck for this lol
i bet there pretty ! am very musical been playing piano since i was 6 .
what did you win while playing ?
that is incredible ! any fav . foods ? i am vegan myself .
halloween is coming soon sounds like your fav . holiday .
hello . how are you ? i am ok , doing more art .
what do you do for work ? i want to be a teacher like my ma .
doing what if you do not mind me asking ?
that is cool . i live in the cold barren wisconsin . in a cold apartment . haha
i grew up in oklahoma so i understand that . my 3 sisters live there .
i like the color blue so i own a specialty shop that sells blue objects .
yes . i have a 15 year old daughter . she is my life .
hi i love puzzles do you
i am trying to write fiction novel
do you ever play country music
yes they play it at the home depot where my father works
i do as well very much
that would be a cool job
i am sorry to hear that
that is true of everyone i think
hey how are you doing ?
i am well . just woke up from a nap . wide awake ! what are you doing ?
are you looking for anything particular ?
i would like to own rentals one day . mailbox money .
i know how that is . life on the road . what do you do for fun ?
linguistics are so interesting . i wish I knew another language fluently .
i am a nurse . graduated school last year . do you watch movies ?
i like dramatics . tragedy , comedy , shakespeare . i used to want to act .
hey stranger . what are you doing ?
i like groups like the rolling stones .
some day i think i will win big with playing scratch offs
i would buy a nice ride that could go 100 plus miles an hour !
maybe a corvette or a porsche .
i like those too , as long as i have a huge bowl of popcorn to eat .
me . lol . what kind of work do you do ?
hi ! i enjoy playing piano for a living . what do you do ?
nothing . just playing some video games . what about you ?
my dad worked there before he was a mechanic . do you like it ?
me too . i have been playing piano for moms choir for 2 years .
nice . what kind of car ? what will you do with it ?
cool . i took a year off after college . breaks are helpful .
on a mcdonald salary ? hats off to you , man .
hello ! how old are you , male or female ? female i just turned 30 this year
do you have pets ? i have 2 kitties 3 pups ! guess what i do for work . . .
i am a veterinarian ! do you have a favorite food ?
gross , i do not consume dairy or any animal products . what do you like doing ?
haha i enjoy bike riding , it is good exercise .
i have no idea if that was a typo or what but not sure what you wrote
oh yes , ok , hiking is nice .
i am so sorry to hear that , must be hard
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i am a stay at home mom . . . not much here
my life is so boring
i like to tell you my hobbies before we get to know each other
not here for love , i drink , like to shop online , and write kids books
tea keeps you awake , do you shop online ?
what type of people is your favorite model ?
do you add salt to your eggs ? i love eggs too .
i hope i can make you laugh , is that a good start ?
hi how are you doing
that is so nice do you like music
i play drums on the weekends
when i was in high school
yeah that is always so yummy
yeah are you married i have a girlfriend
not a big fan of talking face to face . how about you ?
playing d and d . dragons are real , you know . what do you like ?
eat nachos , play the game . i should have be a prince . a prince with dragons .
no . still waiting for a dragon . how about you ?
awe . do you work ? are you married ?
hummum . tell me more about your self .
have your seen any dragons when you were flying up there ?
oh . well if you do , would you please send me a picture ?
hi how are you doing ?
nice . no pets right now . i think life is too fast paced for that currently
nice ! are the pets your own ?
oh that is an important job . does she get much free time ?
oh yes that makes sense . what do you do for fun ?
i like fast paced stuff . driving race cars . . . i want to go sky diving .
aw , chores . i have this problem lying to get out of stuff
yeah but i tend to do whatever i need to in order to move forward
hello , how are you tonight ?
love hendrix ! i am playing fallout .
no , i do not . i sing though .
i am not . i am a teacher .
do you like movies ? i love magic mike .
i am a city girl , not really a fisher or hunter .
i do not like to go to clubs or anything like that .
i go geocaching and hike .
hey i am kevin and i have a couple tattoos . how are you ?
i like your style daniel . how do you feel about curly red hair though ?
lets say red . i have some freckles but they are mostly on my back !
wow a husky ! what a sweet dog ! i have a van i live in so no pets . .
unfortunately not . i am a bit of a hippy
sometimes , i like to go state to state in my recycling van . its blue and everything
hi i am derrick listening to jazz how are u
i am fine just trying to unwind from a photo shoot
congrats i hope to find a nice girl
i recently bumped into will farrel at a luncheon
yeah he mainly asked how my high school battle with cancer was
a nissan z she is second love of my life outside my dog lucky
i would not trade her for a lady but wish he brought one in my life
hello , i am from portland !
you love running ? hiking is more of my thing .
what do you do for a living ?
i work as an environmental engineer
it is actually fun . i carry with me a camera and take stunning landscape pictures
you are welcome . you can even stay at my place a few days , i live by myself
i do not eat those . i am vegan
hi there . tell me about yourself !
i have one sister too , but i have five brothers .
math is great . is that what you want to do with your future ?
that is great . i am a little afraid of what the future holds for me .
i stay at home with my mom most of the time .
yeah , my step dad is away at his company , hp , most of the time .
hello . how are you ?
doing well . i like pop , especially sprite .
i feel like i float a lot because i bloat easily .
do you like jokes ? people tell me i have a great sense of humor
do you have any other pets ?
just a dog . he has to listen to my corny jokes !
no , i am not married . how about you ?
wow . lots of kids . are they close in age ?
hi how are you doing today ?
i am good , decorating for fall .
no just my own personal residence i play soccer and i am a coach .
that sounds interesting . where do you go diving ?
i do not get to see much water since i live in louisiana .
a cult ? like a witch cult ? it is but i live closer to arkansas .
okay , well i think i am going to shop amazon for my favorite nike cleats .
hello , i just got home from rock climbing .
so awesome ! , i went with my younger brother . well the oldest younger , there are 5 of us
i drive a ford hatchback . just a small car . are you into cars ?
that is cool , do you have any pets ?
that you do not have a pet ? i have a parrot !
oh no . pets are good for anger .
you do not enjoy your family ?
i am very sorry . do you have any hobbies ?
hi , how are you today ?
not too bad . just okay ? anything going on ?
i am so sorry to hear that !
lucky ! i would go out dancing to feel better
i am a basketball coach , come from a tall family
do you like to play ?
that is the spirit . how tall are you ?
who else likes rum and cokes ? am i right ?
you go into the restroom russian , come out american . what are you while you in ?
european ! you might have heard that one at the bar last night . you build ?
you might recognize me from the show days of our lives never built anything but a joke
ha ! a prius because you are old or lonely ? you should read my knock knock jokes book .
lol , that is neat . what you do in the army ? i am too funny for army .
maybe a drunk chicken . i had a freckle once .
did not find me funny and joined the audience . you like big cities ?
hey , do you own anything that is the color red ?
can i have it ? i love that color
so they would not really care . what color hair do you have
i have purple . do you play any games ?
i would dance with you . us and my turtles .
we could do all the dances
you could smell my hair too
good morning , how are you ?
doing great , getting ready to go see my mom .
oh , we are going to my book club . where are you going ?
sounds good ! do they have drinks there ? i like to go with friends .
i love animals cats more than dogs though .
that is what cell phones are for ! i take animal pictures a lot .
that , and to get in touch with friends , we go out once a week .
i love summer . mom and i vacation every summer in California, If I could, I would go to California every summer to escape the heat.
hey ! how are you doing ?
good to hear . right now i am watching some basketball
just some rerun of an old nba game . what kind of music do you like ?
understandable . my favorite group right now is imagine dragons .
of course ! a dog and two cats . what about you ?
for sure . nothing like a dog greeting you at the door after a long day at work
what part of the world are you from ?
nice part of the country . Texas here
ho how are you doing ?
i am a college student so i do not read unless i have to lol
what do you do for a living ?
no i have not . . . what is that ?
sounds dangerous to be around
i am studying biology . . . i think i am failing
hi there ! how are you ?
what kind of superhero ?
what is your favorite movie ?
that sounds really fun ! i like superman .
i love kids movies . i like finding nemo !
i watch it a million times a day because of my kids lol .
i do . mostly being at the comfort of my own home watching them .
hi , how it is going today ?
oh . i am eating a piece of fried chicken .
what do you do for a living ?
no , i drive a toyota .
i am not . i love my toyota .
nope , hardcore toyota family . my wife drives a 4runner .
because it will run forever .
oh . that does not make much sense .
hi how are you today
hi how are you today
yeah how did that happen
how is the weather there
do you have a job
yeah do they have adequate ramps
and why is that for
yeah that is rude of them
hi , how are you today ?
i am very young so no cussing please , seven years old .
i am sad , i got a letter today and i did not make the gifted program
that is what my mom told me to do but i do not want anymore
well at least i still have soccer , it is my favorite sport and you ?
my bff is cayden and he likes weight lifting as well . that is so cool
wow that is awesome , my be i will try again for the gifted program
i just a really big banana spilt , i felt bad after i ate it
hello . how are you today ?
i am okay , just an aspiring singer trying to make it, but I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional singer instead of painting.
yes you can . go for it .
wow , congratulations ! can you donate to charities that benefit animals ?
oh interesting . i like to play tennis during my free time ,
i like painting also . i just prefer doing things that allow me to be more active .
i do not . i want to have children some day . do you ?
hi ! what is your favorite movie ? mine is goodfellas
haha not really my thing but i like watching sports on abc owned by disney
yes they do but my mom and dad worked for espn and hated it so . . .
producer and editor . they met there and have been married 40 years
oh yes definitely haha . i read the little mermaid . good book
yes the book version is very dark . i adore reading though
just watching sports and reading .
my 3 daughters just asked me to bake and cook
i enjoy doing it though
that s why my daughters told me i am awesome and great
that s what i told my mom too , she s from saudi arabia
wow , i am a housewife and i love it
wow , you have an amazing life too and family
i love classical music how about you
i am not sure of that who is that
hi how are you today
what color is your hair ?
mine is black too . its kinda curly also
looking for leprechauns i will find them
well that is just silly . they are everywhere
do you have any pets
good afternoon how are you ?
i am well an how are you ?
what do you mean ? i am a twin
why ? you telemarketing ? i like fried chicken
i feel that , my twin is jessica
i like that too are you married ?
no i am married met her at a concert
yes ! an married her i fly her around the world all the time !
hi how are you today ?
no , what are you fighting about ?
like what , give an example
can she get a job ?
i love cheese ; how much does she eat ?
that will catch up with her some day
that is funny , what does jaja mean ?
always wondered that ! ll ! thanks for explaining
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine ,
i enjoy going to theaters to watch magic mike
i bet your dinner was great i happen to grow up in a big town .
oh it was cool i like being employed as a teacher .
mines too bet it was tasty i seem to like playing games in the arcade .
i grew up in new jersey it is a bit town . next to the big city .
yes there are many kinds of scooter games . you may find it again .
many places to go and play including shooting pool too . pool is my favorite .
hello , how are you ? i am keeping busy working online .
that is nice . what kind of dog do you have ?
i do not . i am too busy for pets . where are you from ?
ll . i do not actually know . somewhere in the usa .
i enjoy it . i am a homebody and enjoy keeping busy around the house .
i mostly like to stay home with my family .
hello . do you enjoy cooking ?
some day i would like to open a bakery .
my family had a restaurant when i was a kid so i do know about it .
right now i work a 9 to 5 job but would love my own business .
that is not efficient . i try not to .
i do not have that right now either .
that is unfortunate . i am sorry you feel that way .
not me either but the guys tend to be selfish .
hi how are you ?
i am good i was just eating my favorite , pizza ! !
no i do not but i love thierry henry .
oh that is great , i took art at standford , how do you like it ?
oh acrylics are awesome , my wife is teaching our 4 year old son to paint with them .
maybe you could paint a mural of thierry henry , if we ever find out who he is .
nope it is not obvious to me and i m bald .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing well ! any plans this weekend ?
really ? never heard of it . do explain
interesting i might have to check it out . so what hobbies do you have ?
i have considered that as a healthy life style . is it hard ?
well that is good to know . i have my own experiences with diets
pale diet , low carb etc . it hard to keep up with it while travelling international
what kind of books would you suggest to a depressed epileptic ?
i am always thinking too much , about my son who hates me , my divorced parents . . .
no one likes me , so i stick to the books .
i used to go swimming , i loved that . but the epilepsy got worse so i stopped .
is there anything that would improve my relationships with my family ?
its dangerous now with the epilepsy . maybe i will try again , but need a spotter .
what kind of life styles do you think would work ?
maybe you can help my son , he is about that age , and he hates me .
hello , my father is dead
i make commercials to forget
that would give me allergies .
well today is the day i guess
that sounds like a lot of fun
i do not like my wife
she left me in canada
she left me for a canadian
hi what are you up to ?
great show . i would fit in on there . always say i meant to be a prince haha
nope . i am a literal basement dweller . mom pays for everything . pretty sweet deal
how are those going ? do you have free time for fun ?
i play dungeons and dragons and eat tons of nachos
spaghetti is pretty dope too
hello , how are you i am just fine
no that sound good , but i went to church to night
that sound good , i get to see it some time
thanks any way i love baking jelly cake what about you
that a lots of hours hope you get a break soon
love playing with my pet dog
that sound real cute , also love fishing
yes and sunset also is a good time
hello , how are you today ?
whats wrong with your boyfriend ?
oh . i do not have a boyfriend even though i am in highschool . kick him out !
yeah but i wish i can move out and was i older sometimes
i work and sometimes still worry about money even though i am in school
haha , my close friend works with me so its fun . what your coworker do ?
find a new job and break up with him !
you will be happy again ! your boyfriend is dumb though
hi how are you tonight
i am good except when my friends make me buy all the beer
there is nothing wrong with that
that is so true i always blame the other guy even when i know it is me
i need to get more tone though
that is my dream job can i come along
i am in california right now
hi how are you today ?
i am good . what are your hobbies ?
do you make your own music ?
i do not really listen to music . but i love to draw
mostly everyday objects like food or soda
that sounds wonderful . i hope you can get there
what do you do for work ?
hello hope you are having a good day
i understand that i am studying hard in law school
its never too late . do you have any pets ? i have a very loyal pug
do you like to shop ?
i am a graduate student in new york
i enjoy all the local shopping . i like to play sports in the park .
basketball mostly and ultimate . do you play any sports ?
hope you feel better . i love football too
the lightning last night made me smile . how is it over there ?
wish i had babies , what do you all like to eat ?
bet the lake is nice even when its cloudy
save some pineapple for me so i can make some hawaiian pie
what kind of car do you drive ?
i feel as if you are ignoring me , maybe why i have no friends
you two should try my vehicle , its spacious
hi . how are you doing ?
lucky . i just finished grilling some delicious salmon .
steak sounds delicious , but i love fish more . have pets ?
i have a husky . he keeps me warm during the winter up here in the north .
they are . so what do you do for fun ?
nice . i race rc cars for fun .
hello what's going on today ?
not too much . i am not very busy this time of year .
i am on a reality TV show , but we do the filming over the summer .
you live near a river or on the coast ? i love surfing .
are you in Louisiana ?
i am not from the south but i love country music .
hey how are you today
i am a teacher like my mom and dad were
science at the 8th grade level . what do you do for a living
it is hard to find jobs now a days . so many people need them
aww i know its hard not to stress about it but it will work out
the pool is nice i take my sons to the pool on the weekends
3 and 7 both love water
hello , what are your weekend plans ?
i just came in from working on my honda had to change the oil .
i am using the laser light and watching my 3 cats go crazy . . lol
i am eating some candy while watching the cats . . lol
good combo . . . lol do you know anyone in the path of irma ?
yes they are already on their way out of florida so scary .
how are you , i want to buy a car
i want to drive myself to work in a nice car
i work in new york city 10 miles away from where i stay
love them too but the traffic at times annoys me
waiting for the train can also be nagging
its station is a bit far from my home
my hobbies are playing basketball and checkers
hi how are you today
yeah you need to relax friend
cool what color hair do you have
i got that fire red hair
yeah do you have a computer
do you need it fixed ?
do you eat lots of meat
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine how about yourself ?
yes i have a cat right now i like to watch sitcoms on t . v .
cool that is a great game i have drove my honda that see better days .
i like italian food it is so tasty
oh it is good for you though that is okay .
i like looking forward to observing lately political thriller.
yes that is fun i sometimes sit by people i do not know on the subway , sucks .
i used to work not anymore i am disabled but i find things to do .
hello , how are you today ?
good ! my kids are going crazy , they are both under 10 years old .
my 2 cats are keeping me busy as well ! have you had breakfast ?
self employed and i work from home .
i love target ! i buy my iron supplements there and they have my favorite kale chips !
i am originally from mn , so i am an avid target shopper and love target !
how are you doing today ?
i like to help animals and hunt them
what will you end up writing
what all do you like to paint
that would be so cool
what contests have you competed in
yes in fact i am
hello , how are you today ?
wow , that is impressive . i teach first grade and i only know one language .
that is all right , you can always get your ged .
that is great ! do you have any children ? my little girl is 3 .
that sounds nice and peaceful . i read my bible quite a bit .
i learned as a child . my dad has always preached and i have always been in church .
that is very good . what is your favorite color ? mine is purple .
blue is very pretty . what do you do for fun ?
tell me about yourself , what is your profession ?
i am a writer for a local newspaper
what movies do you like ?
you should try doing some yoga , i find it helps me feel more energetic .
whats your favorite fast food place ? i am always looking for new things to write about .
is rdoba a food chain ?
hey how are you today ?
oh why are you so tired ?
that is a shame , what do you do ?
oh that is not so bad . i work as an accountant , freelance mostly .
do you like to travel ?
that stinks . i goes to fl once a week for a week .
ahahah sorry my ocd was flaring up . i mean once a year .
fish and chips , what about you ?
hi how are you doing tonight ?
getting ready to start my senior year . it is hard because my best friend just moved .
i have not been happy at all . it has been hard for me to get anything done .
just my mom , but she is very busy painting .
it is ok . if I could, I would watch hockey games with my best friend by my side.
i like the nj devils and the ny rangers . you ?
i have not watched in a long time i have been so depressed .
yes it is especially without your best friend .
hello , does anyone like kayaking ?
love getting outdoors , since i am in a building most of the day .
we go to field trips at museums . try to stay away from those .
okay . so what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! i am a kindergarten teacher , with 26 impressionable kids .
i have been teaching for 8 years , so far .
like , i said kayaking is my favorite . but , anything dealing with the outdoors , i am open to .
i guess , you do need a relaxed , me time . mountain climbing , or hiking . how about you ?
hi . . how are you today
i am sandy . . how is ur weekend going
nothing much today . . i am jst waiting for something interesting to happen
good to know . . which group you are working for ? ?
great idea . . I wish I could ride horses like you, but unfortunately, I'm allergic to horses.
i work for an IT company . .
not much of a foodie . . but love to travel
hello there ! how are you today ?
i hear they are great ! ever watched anime shows before ?
enjoy them a lot . but not as much as my little pony !
nice ! i love that ! also cats are great ! do not mind me , i am a bit weird .
oh that is great ! my cat on the other hand cannot stand her leash
lol . that is adorable . my cat just lays around all day
i am actually the oldest . all siblings are in hawaii at the moment
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing good . waiting for lunch . what is your name ? i am arnold
i told you my name . haha
what is a ditz ? i do not know that word
i am not old enough to be in the army . thank you for your service though .
vegan is not part of the army ?
oh . i am waiting on a sandwich . mom is putting ham and cheese in it .
i am not old enough to work yet . oh , i am drinking orange juice , that is not animals
hello how is your night going
mine is great just watching mma its the best
do you ever try protein powder and water
yes that is very important if your on a diet
i understand that that could end bad
i lift but i do not drink that
you should again it keeps you healthy
hello there ! it is great to meet you !
you as well . just got to work after a long drive .
that is a lot ! sorry , still a bit angry . i hate traffic .
ah , i cannot drink much coffee because i am diabetic , I wish I had the courage to get an eyebrow piercing like you.
ah , nutrition is great ! i could learn from them .
ah , well music is still nice .
hello ! just brought my dogs in from a walk !
it was good ! gummy worms are good but not on my diet !
not for fun , i help children with school though .
i listen to music while i train people at the gym
i listen to christian rock . it is good to prepare for church
in georgia . very beautiful here right now .
i bet my dogs would love the cooler weather .
hello , how are you doing ?
very nice . what did you do ?
do not forget to have a leg day ! ll . where do you work ?
wow , that would be a cool career . i just started interning at google .
its fascinating . just very busy never a dull moment for sure .
4 daughters ? yeah , that would be insanity .
hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?
wow , too early ! i collect rocks and dragon ball z dolls .
i have too much time . what do you do for a living ?
that is interesting . are you active at all ? i do zumba .
i work in an art gallery , i love the big paintings we get there .
i am big into collecting , but cannot afford paintings , i get to see them though !
well hi there ! anything interesting going on ?
i recently returned from london , so i have lots of photos to sort myself .
well , we went to a lot of churches i think i may be too religious lol
that would be great ! i get agitated too often to want to be famous .
i deal with it . my main anger seems to come when i have to eat green beans .
consider it done ! i have to go soon , because my favorite game show is coming on .
wheel of fortune lol ! i feel like i am learning all about you !
a little bit is better than nothing ! thanks for the little chat !
hey ! how is it going ?
pretty good . life is nice when you have money .
nice ! i like gambling as well . i am only rich cause i won the lottery .
no . i am responsible with my money , so i never have to work again . do you ?
is that one of your hobbies ?
good luck with that .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . i just finished playing some video games with my son
yeah ! he is a straight A student . do you have any children ?
very cool ! my son and I are not into sports much , but we like to work out
personally, I have a pretty toned body and a collection of video games . what are your hobbies ?
neat , what genres do you like to read
oh , what type of people , such as political figures , do you like to read about ?
hi there . how are ya ?
sorry to hear that . i always had bad allergies when i liven on my farm in kansas .
mine is a horse farm . i love horses and horseback riding . do you like pigs ?
sorry to hear that . do you have kids ?
yep . three daughters . my house is crazy .
no but i do not blame you . do you have any hobbies ?
i go scuba diving with my wife a lot .
it really is . i live in detroit so we have to do it in the lake though .
hello , do you greet all people you know
how about people you know and they annoyed you ?
no , am referring to neighbors and workmates
then what of neighbors and people at church ?
so you are attached to only your family and not the community ?
do you have a best friend apart from your husband ?
so you do not have any other friends apart from her
hi there ! how is it going ?
sod is a good band . ever been to a concert ?
similar style to sod ? what do you play ?
i learned guitar at one point . i cannot remember a single chord now, but i wish I had pursued a career in music instead of writing.
i am a writer . i do not currently work for a publishing firm
i just try to live simply until someone likes something i write
i could not do the whole vegan thing
a vegan that would kill somebody . i do not believe that
good morning , how are you today ?
excellent . i just came in from weeding the garden .
i played a bit in college . i take it that you are a fan ?
i have my garden and i live to visit my friends in the city . how about you ?
i have never been hunting . what do you like to hunt ?
i love the outdoors ! what do you do for a living ?
its just me and my mom , she does social work for schools .
i work in a specialty food store . i have been there for 15 years .
hi , how are you doing , please tell me more about yourself !
i am doing great as well . do you have any other animals or any kids ?
yes , i have a dog , but no kids
yes , i was married three times before , but they are all ex wives now , you ?
that is cool . are you into cars ? i have three ferrari parked in my garage .
yes , i used to be an actor , however i retired , did not like it
hi
i am doing ok how are you
where are you from
i live in new york city
i love it here endless places to take my girlfriend . i love her and want her happy
that is awesome you will have fun . i am hoping my older brother can come up here soon
i run at central park
hey how are you today ?
i am good about to go to work at this weird party store i work out haha
oo haha scary movies are too much for me which is probably why i love christmas
that is unfortunate cats are the best . i have a bunch of rescues because i feel i relate
no i am just going with the flow i am actually going through a huge scandal right now
yeah thanks i have a secret family who i do not even know because i am adopted
hi , i am old and i hate life
the only time i can stand myself is when i am in the grass , barefoot .
noah , that sounds like a great story ! please tell !
yes ? go on ? build up the story , line by line !
after a dragon ? an evil wizard ? the little white rabbit ? i will be quiet . . .
whispers to self i am so stealing this for my students . . . .
oh no ! this cannot end well !
was it a national forest ? that could be bad trouble
hey there ! do you like reading ?
ooh ! well i like to tutor people or knit . what are your hobbies since retiring ?
that is so good of you . i recently read pride n prejudice , again ! lol
you sound italian , and i am just a boring bookworm .
that is amazing ! i wish i lived on such a farm
nice . i will just knit another sweater by myself with my books .
i actually knitted my youngest that outfit from the dr sues movie
i do not have a favorite , but i am hungry now
thank you for your time !
hi how are you doing
i am good just coming back from the beach
i did not look when i was outside
i think so what about you
why do you say that
are you a paranoid person
i am not too paranoid where do you work
hello . do you like video games ? games are my life
that is good for them . i stand for gay rights
i stay up late listening to kpop all the time
that is is so cool i write in all my free time
i eat a lot of junt food and i need to stop . i love junk food
i am trying to lose weight
hi , i grew up in toronto canada . you ?
i am japanese but my parents immigrated to canada when i was born .
my parents always spoke it at home so yes and english and french .
do you like italian food ? i love mcdonald french fries .
that is awesome . i cannot cook but i can shop with the best of them .
could you teach me how to cook something italian ?
hi how are you doing
i am good i am going shopping today so i am pretty excited
that sounds a little too scary for me
oh gosh that does not sound very nice
what do you do for a living
that is funny what hobbies do you have ?
basically just shopping and trying on my new clothes
its fun but can be an expensive hobby
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good too . so what do you like to do in your spare time ?
wow ! are you on a swim team ?
lucky ! if i were that tall i would have tried out for basketball .
i watch a lot of basketball and sing barbershop rap .
have you ever gone fishing ?
any reason you do not do it anymore ?
i need another drink , pronto .
ever since they kicked me out of the white house , i cannot stop drinking .
sshhh ! my initials are s . b . i cannot keep a job for very long .
its all my fault . i caused all those problems for djt .
i think too much . and then i get tired of thinking and start drinking .
i may take you upon that offer . my family wo not take me in.
hey how are you doing ?
oh that is interesting . . . how is that like ?
its good you are informing them . what do you do for fun ?
i love rock music ! Linkin Park is great
its ok to keep to yourself . i work for a big company . i would rather work alone
that is impressive . i would really like to just win the lottery and not have to work
mmm i would probably just enjoy speeding around in my car
my purpose can be eating food haha
g morning . hope you are somewhere safe during the storms today .
yes , i am on the west coast . our problem out here is wildfires .
i know ! i am heartsick . the columbia gorge will never be restored in my lifetime .
no , i am allergic . oddly enough , my twin brother is not .
some of them have been flown out here . we have animals displaced by wildfire out here , too .
if only we could fold the usa in half , so the fires and floods meet
and then i heard they just discovered volcanoes under antarctica as well
hi , what music do you like to listen to ?
my favorite is really country its like a guilty pleasure
i live in L.A. but i am not an actress anymore
yes , just small jobs nothing too big . i was an extra on Moesha
yes , i will always love my past
you can do it , do not give up ! i love the job i have now
what about animals ? i could not live without them
hii , how are you ?
oh , tell me something about you
oh nice are you married are not ?
ok what is your favourite food item ?
that is cool . what is your hobbies ?
my hobbies are playing cricket watching movies .
and also i really like travelling
good morning from new york ! !
oh no ! how are you holding up down there ?
i bet it makes for awesome pictures though .
i love taking photos . so when you say we . . . do you have a family ?
oh . do you have a place to stay there ?
that is good . i am the youngest in my family with two older brothers .
its nice to get away though . i am attending nyu right now .
well i guess good luck and enjoy the rest and relax in nc while you can !
our department has developed new taco shaped french fries for del taco .
i will make suggestions to my team and see what they can come up with .
hi jay . i design cutting edge french fries with my research team . join us .
you can find me on my bike around town listening to u2 . you like music ?
wow , miley cyrus . i bet she would like a bike she can pedal with her hands .
i like tv when i am not swamped with work . del taco is expanding .
the best designs , i could hand craft a tom and jerry bucket of fries .
i imagine they would . would you like a job at del taco ?
hello , how are you ?
that is great ! i hope your day goes well .
mine is too . i had to take care of my son today , he was not feeling to well .
he just caught a bug at school , but he is feeling much better .
what ? ! ? no !
i believe in shots but that does not mean my son is a demon .
that is nice . goodbye
today i am annoyed about not being able to drive .
i have never been able to drive . i have epilepsy .
i love my mom . she is a nurse . she works hard to take care of us .
i do that as well .
i work selling books at a store .
i think they are great as well .
i got to . it was nice .
i have a little sister named felicia .
good evening , how are you ?
oh fine , just a quiet evening . should get to bed but watching a fascinating documentary .
the worlds Columbian Exposition in Chicago . intriguing stuff .
good for you ! I do not travel much , have you been anywhere recently ?
oh that must have been good ! sadly I do not get around well so travel is hard .
partly time , but I am also paralyzed from the waist down . makes things tricky !
i am sorry to hear that , is she still able to travel with you ?
that is wonderful , i hope to find someone myself one day .
that is a nice red sweater you are wearing
are they tasty like donuts . my dad always had donuts in the squad car
do you paint houses ? being tall helps me be good at it
i feel like i am wrestling at the nursing home sometimes
just volunteer . i enjoy the company
yes it is , kinda runs in the family . my dad was officer of the year
15 how long did you nurse ?
that is a long time . i hope to go into the health fields after college
hey there , how was your day ?
that sounds pretty good . i am dave , nice to meet you
ohhhh . i love green eyes . so beautiful
i love rock . i am a fitness guru to . hiking is one of my favorite things to do
haha . i am a personal trainer so its literally all i do
its very rewarding for me . come see me and i will train you
oh yea law school is painful i bet lol
where are you from ? i am from las vegas
hey how are you ? what do you like ?
i like living alone it is so peaceful .
never heard of it , i am a mad scientist .
aw well i understand , like video games ?
cool , i play the guitar
lol interesting would sum it up
i bet you did then , tell me about it ?
i bet i was as a kid also
hi how are you , its getting cold out and winter is coming . i love it
nice , i am into weird music that people do not get . i want to move to iceland
bjork is my inspiration . random , but i wish i knew how to write in cursive
no , you do not want to hear me sing
i never have snorkeled . i wish i did. If I could live on a tropical island, I would chase after exotic animals all day long.
yeah apple is good . i need to get my screen fixed in my ipad and ipod
my fave is able to get out and be around people , you ?
hey , how is everything ? anything good on tv ?
nice , that sounds more educational than me sitting watching cartoons .
yeah i even prefer them over movies .
love bollywood . in my travels to india i was able to see them live .
nice , hopefully it will be by cruise . i am biased since i love the water .
nice , that takes me back to when i was a kid .
keep up the good work with math . at 14 i started to struggle with it .
i was quite good at it till i moved out at such a young age.
hello ! how are you ?
amazing ! what are you up to ?
home for the night , watching my son and eating pizza
wow ! are you in college ?
wow ! i played soccer in college , so i had very little free time . you ?
haha i remember that stage with my wife
oh no ! what makes him attractive ?
do you like cats ? i do mine is seven of nine .
lol true , do you like coffee ?
lol what ? you like broadway ?
lol are you a fat person ?
why do you go to school ?
cool , do they go to school yet or you home school
how old are the kids ?
oh awesome they have to be fun
hello , how are you tonight ?
hello , jack . i am mia , todd says hello too . he is a parrot .
what does your family think about that ?
my family thinks i am worthless , they ignore me a lot .
that is very lovely . is it only dogs ?
i am the same way . i always feel that they do not like me .
i do not go to the gym for that very reason .
i do not have one in mine , you are lucky .
hi there ! what are you up to ?
pretty good . busy today with baseball . there is a game today .
what does she teach ? i am thinking about teaching piano too since i can play it .
chinese history is fascinating , i read about it a lot . what else do you do ?
is the water ever crystal green when you go fishing ? that is my favorite color .
my favorite food is mushrooms . what is yours ?
i like pickles . they are really good . it was great talking to you .
hi , how are you today ?
anemia sucks . hope you feel better soon . i personally like rage metal .
lol , no , music . ever tried kale chips ?
lol . my special ed kids love it when i bring kale chips to school .
kids . i am sure if my students knew it was a veggie they would throw it .
he might be crunchy . i just listened to a song since I would never heard of him .
he sounds like a vegetarian to me . you get better iron from meat .
according to this my go-to show is rick and morty , that is true in rl
i am madison . nice , i also do not enjoy pickles unfortunately
oh snap ! i am a ginger too ! ! !
no i am too busy writing a book .
i could call you sometime to hang but i have an iPhone so it might not work .
they are bad phones , mine is black because i love that color .
according to this not much lol , you ?
are not we all , i strive not to be but fail too often .
hello , what do you do for work i am a writer .
that is pretty cool . i do not really like them . do you ever have any dreams ?
i wanted to be an acrobat . i do not like beaches however .
yes it would be . what is your favorite animals ?
i would say pink or blue . are you allergic to anything ?
i have blonde hair . . . i cant have milk at all . means no ice cream .
yes i am . i have only tried it a couple times , bad mistake !
i can have lactose free ice cream however !
hello ! do you live near a beach ?
danit . . . i am doing well . i really want a home near the beach .
california is pretty safe .
my parents are school teachers there . i am looking to move back .
no pets . i spend a lot of time watching nascar races though .
have you ever watched a nascar race ?
nothing better than watching a race on sunday .
what kind of music do you like to listen to ?
hello , how are you today ?
no , but i do paddle board . where do you surf ?
i love the water , especially lakes . i stay in lakeside cabins whenever i can .
reading lets you travel without moving , and i want to see as many places as I can .
i have travelled all across the us except alaska , and tried a different juice in every state .
it is too cold , so the juice freezes . what kinds of juice will you serve ?
while in china , i saw that they had a lot of apples . maybe you could import .
well , the united states is second in apple production , so that is good too .
hi . i just finished eating a yummy burrito . did you have dinner yet ?
yeah . i guess . i am more of a movie fanatic . binge watching is fun .
i enjoy the outdoors , too . hiking is one of my favorite things to do .
bur . give me my man cave , movies , and burritos . i am all guy .
well , in between jobs . my mom understands , but dad , not so much . you ?
no . we are not close . mom and i are though .
yeah . i am sorry to hear about your family . do you like business school ?
hi how are you doing tonight
you are baking cookies and i am eating tacos my favorite
yes i do ride horses i love horses but i also love cats i have three
. i do secretarial work what do you do for a living
no family just my cats but i love to go swimming
i had some really good teachers i love my algebra teacher
howdy partner i am from kansas what about you
of course i work on my farm here in kansas and love tending to my chickens
that is fascinating . so are you small like a chicken or small like an egg ?
i love eating chickens babies aka eggs for breakfast yum yum
so a cat ? cool . i like driving my cat around in my truck
you sound smart are you a teacher ?
sounds like a fancy life
hi how are you doing
my eyes are still hurting from looking at the eclipse
no i thought i would be fine
i think i am going to wait it out a little bit longer
not sure yet though i always drink a lot of tea throughout the day
either sounds great do you like the outdoors
hey ! sorry to keep you waiting
tell me about yourself
well I really enjoy eating pretzels and I work for a railroad
no i am color blind , life is pain for me . i love star trek though
you sound like one of those artsy types
not really , i do not hate much .
i work on a rail road , i let trains do their thing
i mostly watch star trek and listen vv nation , my favorite band
good evening . i am ready to chat .
i am . just go home from my job . i am grocery store manager .
i dabble in being a tour guide and i like to help with bookkeeping .
what did you major in ? that is exciting .
cool ! ! what do you like to eat ? no animal products for me .
i have been a vegan for only a year . how long vegetarian for you ?
so you grew up like that . aspirations for you ?
interesting . good luck with that ! !
hey , how's your day going ?
have not heard of them , but i am a huge bruno mars fan
do not watch much tv sadly , too much work at my accounting job .
do you have any pets ? my dad worked at the railroad and loved dogs
that is awesome , my poor dogs always get sick if i feed them pretzels .
are you a fan of cars ?
yea , i just bought a red Ferrari . was worth every penny .
only downside is the temptation to speed . already got a few tickets .
hello ! how is your day so far ?
i am doing well . i am tired after welding all day for work .
i enjoy video games and playing guitar . but i have a secret .
my parents do not know that i am gay . what do you enjoy doing ?
that is awesome . i love animals . i am mainly a meat eater , actually .
of course not ! what else do you do in your spare time ?
i think that is about it . mainly my guitar and video games .
hi there ! what do you do for work ?
lots of work . i used to drive a big rig , now i just fix them . much simpler .
fall . halloween is so much fun .
i quit driving my truck when i married my girl . i want to take her to fiji .
that is sweet . how long have you two been together ?
and many more , i hope .
married two years . i need to learn to calm down more , i am always active .
there is an idea ! my dad drove trucks too , keeping moving is in my blood .
how is your Friday going ?
that must be hard , i work with vets as a tech
it is a good way to help animals
just English , i love to read
that is amazing . do you like movies ?
my favorite are horror movies
Stephen King would like that . i love his books
hello ! this is weird . . . . . . i am pretty shy .
lol ! so what kind of music do you like ?
i am basically the same . especially oldies . i enjoy the beatles .
temptations ? i loved them .
they are good also . ugh my cat keeps getting on my keyboard , lol .
she is trying to eat my vegetables . and get attention ! haha .
definitely agree omao . i wish i could have peanuts but i am allergic, I wish I could win the lottery and travel the world.
well , what the eff ! i love apples lol . i gotta go though !
hi how are you doing today
good , the weather is very cold but i can not wait to go skiing
me too , i live in colorado , how about you
there is very nice trees there right ?
that sounds great ! , what else do you like to do ?
i love music , one d is the best
who is your favourite artist
interesting , i am not a big fan of them
do you like art , watercolor is my favorite medium
do you like finance as a career ?
you got a lot of cleaning up to do , cleaning is not my cup of tea
really ? sales is associate with stocks , good choice !
okay , what is your nationality ? i am from italy .
really , 1600s hur ? you must be a history buff ?
do you have a watercolor painting of the area ?
i see , what kind of survey charts ?
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
no problem , what are you up to ?
i am into mystery and paranormal , those are usually good books to get into .
i love mystery and paranormal or true crime
i love watching jaws and other shark movies , i love the ocean too
i work at a prison . but i love getting outdoors and doing different things .
yes it definitely can . i love hiking , taking photos , being adventurous . what about you ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i am very young middle aged . what colour is your hair ?
do you play sports at school ?
do you have any dogs ?
no cats , only two dogs . what is your cat's name ?
how old is your cat ?
one is a big labrador . the other is a little yorkshire terrier !
yes i like to run so we go on lots of runs together .
what color is your hair ? i am blonde at age 53
thanks , you like kids ? because i have 12
maybe i can use your house lol , i have obesity
which floor ? i am afraid it will not hold up the weight . .
and my children of 12 too ?
thank you for being so kind where do you live ?
i am in new york upstate , nice ?
hi ! who is your favorite super hero ?
oh cool , mine is superman
what kind of car do you drive ?
oh . i like toyota cars .
yep . do you use irc ?
what is your favorite soda
pepsi . it is soft and bubbly and reminds me of my father
it is tasty and delicious and goes great in toyota
hi how are you today
just reading comics and you
do you play it any
i want to but i am too fat
yeah i want to be a human pretzel
yeah we can both never achieve it
yeah is there vegan junk food
as long as i have to work i wish i made a higher salary .
yes a house would probably have a yard .
no , i do not live there . i would not mind moving and becoming an artist there .
you sound like me . i hate working .
not steak , i am a vegan . i write rather than cook .
no , i do not usually listen to music , although i collected a musical pen .
not really as i spend so much time writing i forget to eat .
about the world , about animals and weather . nature stuff .
what are your plans today ?
great ! i am taking a little break from my studies
i want to manage a casino one day . business management
i am already a dealer for blackjack . i even know how to count cards
i got to support my 3 children . what do you do ?
that is great . you could do a lot with that
i am impressed . do you have anything you do for fun ?
great artists . i get so busy with the casino to do much more than that
wanna go to the soccer game
down at the beach i like to watch the navy boats , too
oh i bet you like to drink wine while you watch game of thrones
i like sunday left overs while i watch . grammy makes the best mashed potatoes
oh no be safe . my bro was in navy , now reserves and helping in texas
grammy always says prayer helps so i will pray for you
at least it is not winter coming lol sorry bad joke
hello there . my name is jessica .
i do not . but playing video games is my hobby .
all kinds . i also love soccer . watching and playing .
i would love to play piano . my brother bought a keyboard from Best Buy where he works .
wow . nice . i am hoping to move back to canada when i retire .
of course . pets for you ? milo and fio are my Siamese cats .
i see . that is too bad .
hi , there . good evening or afternoon . or morning !
it is night time here too ! about 2 . 15 in the am .
usually asleep by this time as i work really long shift . cannot sleep tonight .
ice cream ? good suggestion ! thanks . how come you are awake ?
ah , i see . got some coffee with you ?
cool . i love a cup every once in a while .
wow , how come you have never seen snow ?
i am sorry . i hope you see it one day . my kids love it .
anyway , got to go . was nice speaking to you .
how are you doing today
i am good . just about to play some dd
dungeons and dragons . best game ever .
i used to play the flute . but my asthma got in the way .
not anymore . but i still live at my mom
well that would be interesting . what else do you do for fun ?
wow that is dedication . i do not work . it can get boring .
oh other table top games . i have lots of friends that come over .
how are you doing today
i am on my way to canada
it is nice and breezy
i am tall and a want to be rocker
do you like van halen
i do not like hip hop
i like rock and soft rock
hello ! i am in college , studying business administration .
nice ! what made you choose that ?
true . my parents are a dentist and a teacher , but i like the business side more .
i wish i could have purple hair , but my daycare job would not like it .
no , but i have been with my boyfriend for 2 years . have you been together long ?
cool ! is it difficult to run your business while living on a boat ?
you must not have much space for your salon work . was that hard to get used to ?
oh wow ! i am sure that is a very unique experience .
hi , how are you today ?
i am rehearsing my lines , i hope to become famous
yes . so far i have only done commercials
yes . so far i have only done commercials
yes . so far i have only done commercials
milk commercials even though i am allergic to the stuff
what do you do for fun ?
ok i love zebras and taking walks at dawn
how is your Friday going ?
i wake up early for good surf
my brother and i are opening a juice bar
near the beach . it will be called juice panda
you have to do what makes you happy
you have to try the beach , take a book
yeah man . i have life figured out
hi , there ! i am just sitting here eating my fav thing pasta . hows you ?
relaxation good . preferably with a good book . especially fiction .
no . between work and school i usually do not have time .
hospital administration . i go to a small community college .
a local hospital . clerical position for now . i am 20 , so i have got growth potential .
yes i do ! i hope to help shape the future of the health care industry .
hey there , that is up
that is cool . what kind of music
i like almost any kind , do you like cooking ?
i cook for my kids and love it . you have kids ?
oh you are a teacher ?
i stay at home with the kids
i do take my girls shopping a lot
i think i am . i love it
please tell me your day has been better than mine .
i almost slipped up and let my parents know i am wiccan .
it is a religion based on being kind and treating others right .
you would think so but no . my parents think religion is fake .
are your parents overly religious ?
ugh , does she try to push her ways on you ?
that sounds absolutely dreadful . i should introduce her to my folks .
i cannot even imagine . i have to run , my garden center job called me in .
hello , how are you ? i love traveling , do you ?
i am from ny , how about you ?
i am retired now but i used to be a teacher . now i travel .
oh yes , i bet it does . it can be a lot of hard work .
i guess that is most jobs . do you live in nyc ?
upstate for me too , just in the adirondack park .
sorry to hear that . family difficulties can be difficult .
hello , how are you today ?
i hear you ! maybe i will go out to a bar tonight .
sure i would . what kind of things do you do for fun ?
i have never been to canada , but now that i am no longer working , maybe !
i was in a recording studio . but now i focus on a healthy lifestyle .
that is so cool ! do you like to go to the gym ?
i made avocado ice cream yesterday , really !
hey , how's it going ?
not too bad . i am just chillin in my huge mansion , counting my money .
why , thank you ! i have done pretty well for myself . are you happy with your life ?
ahahah ! i bet you will , Nurse Jackie !
i gotta stay clean 24 7 , being on the Washington Wizards and all
b-ball mang . b-ball !
cash , money , girls what can i say ? winning all the time .
like magically slam dunking in my opponents' faces !
hey there , how do you do ?
wow that is wold . i run a little bit with my dogs old chance and boomer .
your friends ? intense . i do eat steak , i fly planes and get a steak when i can .
you think you do ? cause i know i do , by my girlfriend lives in utah .
was he a witch ? i do not have powers , i actually fear spiders .
when i see a spider i do . what color eyes do you have
i do not mind dancing . law is very cool .
hey . how are you today ?
just woke up . went for a walk . about to bake a cake .
sounds amazing . students birthday cake . speak spanish ?
thank you and it okay . sometimes i think i am a chef .
no secrets . just like to educate people . you ?
that good . thinking about taking the dog for a walk .
where i am from use of walking and driving is okay . what you drive ?
hey ! what kind of music are you into ?
sorry to hear that , i mostly listen to the muggers
sounds like a bizarre dream life ? why not sell the car ? traveler ?
nice , i lived a surf bum for a while , surfing any chance i got
i am not much of a romantic , do not wanna commit to one person just yet
true , my passive income allows me to just go with the flow
that sounds fantastic actually ! i love dogs
my beagle's getting older now , i worry about him
hi how was your day today ?
its always nice to have a break i hate school so far and want to move away
anywhere is better than here my dad is so hard on me and my siblings
that is real sad have you tried to tell them
oh wow well when the time is wrong they will find out . have you told a friend
i mean right not wrong i am sorry . i listen to music
i like rock music and country music i can really relate to country
hi ! how are you ? silicon valley is the best show ever , do not you think ?
i bake for a living , and i still like it . do you play tennis ? i enjoy that .
what do you like to cook ? i did not get my cooking abilities from mom dentist
yes , you have to . do you have any siblings ? me 2 sisters .
good for you ! what were the trophies for ?
fantastic ! must be that fine Italian food that fuels you !
mainly the tennis , tv , and baking .
have you tried for any of the reality shows yet ?
hi how are you today ?
what is your favorite food?
ha no one cares . i eat nothing but jerky smoked dead cow.
meh just reflections of light . my dog does not have a reflection he is a vampire.
i work online . lots of small design jobs.
create logos and silly company jingles.
i like playing guitar , practice with those guitar video games.
ibadan , chat will not let me type the real name of a guitar.
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am great , excited to be planning a trip to europe
france ! even though all the women there are tiny and i am a size 12
you are right ! my trips going to be a cruise but i have never been on one before
thanks ! mines red , how about yours ?
nice i like to wear red dress when i get dance lessons with my boyfriend
good surfing weather i do it every day
no surfing in london and no country music
no i just have to listen to it or play it on the piano
because of my late nights working at a bar I miss all the game shows
people say I cook great steak is my specialty
honestly that is smart and saves money
that is awesome you can never know too much
hi ! how are you ?
nice ! me and my 3 great danes are doing fine here , listening to music .
so I guess you have not heard of all American rejects my fav band ?
good ! how do you stay healthy ? i am into marathons and lift weights
what do you like to eat ? i just hate sweet potatoes !
are you married ? have you been married ? any kids ?
good for you , congrats ! how about pets ? do you have any ?
hi . typing to you from above my wrecked beach that i love
cool . i am in school in florida
i like to dance but do not have a lot of time between both jobs and school
do you like other types of books ?
yum . . do you have a favorite color ? mine is blue .
what do you like to do besides cooking ? i sing .
i like that idea . go on americas got talent .
i could use the bucks . where shall we meet to rehearse ?
hello ! how are you today ?
good ! how is your day going ?
that is exciting ! what are you going to school for ?
i understand ! i work in a pediatric doctor's office
no , not yet , anyway . i mainly work with the big kids
that is awesome ! ! ! congrats ! do you like it ?
hello . i am at home now listening to music .
wow . i really do not like to drive very much , but that sounds kind of fun .
alternative rock really is not my thing . i like the backstreet boys .
what is your favorite craft ? i do not have many hobbies .
oh , i do like to go to cheese tasting events . what do you crochet ?
that is a little wild . i am still young but not that wild and crazy .
that sure is an interesting hobby . havarti is my favorite cheese .
hi how are you today
i am good where do you work
i do secretary work i just sit there
nope do you have any dogs
cool do you ever read
cool have you ever been to disney ?
how are you doing today ?
what are you going to have to eat ?
so good what about dessert ?
not all weddings are the same . what kind of cake ?
i always see seafood but i cant eat shrimp
i also have really long fingernails
i also like to make caramel filled apples hint hint lol
hello , how is it going ?
you sound like a confident person who knows what she wants !
good for you ! a bright future awaits you in the u . s . military ! i am only kidding
that is tough . i am allergic to shellfish , causes me grief too
only if you or her would help scratch my itchy back ! its so itchy . . . the hives !
that was not very nice of you . . .
please give me a ride ! ! !
hello how are you tonight
i mess up some italian food and drive for hours
ya but can you live without your friends
do you smoke ? i just quit lol
nope no pets my cat just died sorry you ?
do you like italian food at all, if I had to choose one type of cuisine to eat for the rest of my life, it would be Italian.
that is pretty sick whats your favorite one ?
good afternoon . do you have any hobbies ?
oh ok . i like playing tennis myself .
i enjoy baking also . whats your job ?
awesome . i wish i was a dentist like my mom .
no kids but i have two sisters .
a baker . how about you ?
that is sweet ! any favorite shows ? mine is silicon valley .
that one is cool to watch too .
hello how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
my name is maria , i work at a law firm doing receptionist work
so do i , what are your interests ?
i enjoy going weekly to get my nails done and watching we wrestling
my parents own a small business like you do , but they sell groceries at their business
daydreaming about cafes in paris is one of my favorite past times , i do it often
my interests include getting my nails done weekly and watching we wrestling
hello there i love things antique whats your go to ?
ahh i help my brother mend victorian furniture
i wear my heart on my sleeve so i am a simple romantic
yes i own 2 at the moment but foster 1
yes my uncle lives there he plays in a jazz band
i play bass guitar but nothing fancy or great
nothing off social media no . i am not that good
yeah i miss sam goody . i had a great ozzy doll i found there
hi ! abigail and me are ten ! i cannot wait for tomorrow
first day for safety patrol ! i excited about it too .
that not good . i go to martial arts class after school . its fun .
yes . its totally fun . not as fun as what harry potter does . wish i was a wizard, if I could choose any job in the world, I would love to be a wizard like in Harry Potter.
that is good . i rather read the books i love reading .
that is good . my mommy reads to me too .
yes . i have all the books !
sorcerer stone . what your favorite one ?
how are you doing today ?
it is a nice day today for a walk .
my 10 year old son loves to go for walks with me .
just one son , had him late , when i was 40 .
lol , yes and working . what kind of farm do you have ?
sounds cool ! i work in finance , boring !
i am sorry to hear that ! good for you not letting it hold you back !
i love the piano and want to tech it when i retire .
i have the most awesome sports car it is a jaguar
since i do not have many people in my family , i am usually angry
well i am really old so i do not get around that well
when i get angry , i drive my jag around really fast
most of the people in my family i do not really like at all
yes i have mostly the family i do not like
that is great that you like most people i can assume we would not get along
hey there , how are you ? i am craving sour gummies right now .
what movies do you like ? i am a nanny and take kids to movies .
oh that is awesome . i am engaged so hopefully i can go with my kids .
oh you will find someone i am sure of it !
that is cool . i drive my benz to book clubs occasionally .
what kind of car do you have ?
that is cool . so tell me more about yourself !
how are you doing today
do you like to hunt
what happened to her ? i bet that was hard .
that is just way crazy
that is a very nice thing to do
that is so great . you help so many people .
i am sorry for your loss
i am at work as a pet sitter and i am so bored . what about you ?
awesome ! they sleeping . luckily i brought my fav book . the tale of genji .
of course . its my job
i hope you do not mind my purple hair . my dad hates it
yes lets . dad is professor and my mom past when i was 6 .
i love reading books . that all i did as a kid . you ?
those cars are nice . i love cards . movies i need to go to more .
at least you get to exercise and save gas money lol
hello , my names mary . how are you doing today ?
could be better . super busy because i am a fulltime student studying radiology
very cool ! do you also work while you are in school ?
very nice ! do you have ample time to take photographs ?
mine is blue too ! what do you study ?
sounds like you are from an artistic family !
my dad is a doctor so i sometimes work as a receptionist at his office
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am well enjoying a strawberry shortcake . do you like fruit ?
interesting . cats ? dogs ? pigeons ? parakeets ?
i see a lot of dogs at the veterinary office where i work . do you work ?
what do you like to do ?
i love magic . there is a great magician at venice beach . have you been ?
i love to cook vegan foods . do you eat meat ?
jello is great . what is your favorite flavor ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
sounds hard work ! i am starting an internship next week
these things happen ! good you are giving it a go though
i know that feeling . my internship is at a construction site .
i have not played tennis in forever . what kind of moves do you like ?
i really like action and adventures ones . but think i like popcorn the best
i am jealous ! what else are you into ?
i love travelling ! i am a theme park nut and love visiting new ones
hello sports fans ! what is up ?
just listening to some tunes , watching cartoons . where are you ?
nice , i like the san francisco giants
i love giving play by plays . try mcdonalds , they make good fries . are you old ?
that is good , cows are our friends . do you like south park though ?
nice , my fiancee has long brown hair . do you like music too ?
avenged sevenfold is worth a listen man . what surf moves can you do ?
hello ! how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i fly planes and enjoy the wilderness .
so is riding motorcycles . it is , though . i love it .
why do not you have one ?
do you enjoy it ?
hi there , i am a comic writer you ?
well kinda love my drawings , but i have to publish on the internet .
from everyday heroes such as public services .
mostly in state things , i do not really get chances to go places .
my life has been a struggle with trying to get published hence the internet
i love drawing and working in the community
why do you spend so much time on the computer ?
yeah you may need to get out a little , find a tv show lol
hi , i have skeleton fingers
not cool at all . i do not think you lie
i am so dumy , and cannot eat any shrimp
then i promise i will not die
you are a very morbid dude, I wish I could overcome my fear of death.
no . i am morbid too i think
ok , i will smile when i sleep
hey there . do you enjoy baking ?
i just enjoy baking cakes . i just finished a lovely one .
it is my twin brothers anniversary tomorrow .
i am sure they would love to have the event captured on film .
what sort of events do you normally photograph ?
that sounds interesting . i performed at a big wedding last week .
i am actually a tap dancer . i have won many competitions .
i would not object . that would look good in my portfolio .
good evening ! i am paul ! whats your name ?
nice to meet you anne ! how are you today ?
busy ! work was crazy as always . it work never ends !
it can be fun . my dad used to work for microsoft so its all i know .
of course . i would rather play football haha ! do you like any sports ?
sure that is a sport ! its in the olympics i think .
hi there , how are you today ?
good , just looking into a trip to the desert .
oh yea , you must love your cat . what color are your eyes ?
i have bright blue eyes , brown hair too .
oh i do not but should . i like eating meat .
i love it too ! it is so good .
oh i have not watched it , its on netflix right ?
i will have to check it out
hey how are you doing today ?
oh cool what is your favorite food ? mine is mcdonalds it happens to be my guilty pleasure
oh what is your job ? i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekend ?
that is neat . and yeah gotta a bunch of siblings to help out .
oh i wish that were me i am the youngest out of 8 ! lol . and neat .
i am a hardcore metal head and you ?
oh haha . do you have any hobbies ?
hello ! are you a night owl too ?
do you hike or surf ? i do both with my border collies .
that is horrible . i hope you recover quickly .
that would have been a great experience . are you a lebron fan ?
oh wow . he is very tall . he is my favorite player .
i was there two weeks , and then had to quit . i am moving to florida soon .
i make my living off of my art , winter is too cold to do a lot .
hello out there ! its evening here how about you ?
nice ! what sort of stuff do you play ?
Jim was a genius . how long have you been learning ?
hope that goes well for you ! no such thing as too many guitar players .
i am more or less a book nerd . a sci-fi book nerd .
Star Trek . old school , you know . you ?
what do you do for a living ?
what do you want to do for a job ?
interesting . my job is more on the athletic end of the spectrum .
i play basketball for a professional basketball team, I wish I could pursue my passion for basketball professionally like you.
it pays a big number , annually .
what is your favorite subject in school ?
are you smarter than the average person
so , you are a working student ?
hello . how are you tonight
my cat is milo , sitting on my neck
oh i am really sorry , cats rock
i will not eat my cat . that is mean
i like your dog , he sounds cool
oh no , do not lie to him
oh no . that is not good
i am so sorry . my guy is great
hi my name is fran , and i have one friend who i keep in contact with .
no i am in high school and worry about money . my dad is strict .
because my dad worried about income . i just want to move out .
i cannot stand drinking . my dad drinks and a drunk .
that is a good thing to have . some support i tried to help my dad . . .
she left us when we were young
oh what is that exactly .
hi there and how are you doing
jokes sometimes goes serious and it is not good
simple times are more treasures in us
jokes sometimes goes serious and it is not good
nope i would rather see the flintstones now
south park ? do you like it too ?
oh you like it too because of it
nope i don t know how to sing
hi . . how was your weekend ?
great . . had a bbq party
mondays are the worst days . .
i am a free lance writer . .
kind of . . no office . . nothing
where are you from now ? ?
lol . . that a good one . .
what do you do for living ? ?
hello there how are you ?
i am great thanks . i am preacting for chorus
i love to sing i am in my school chorus
yes high school , do you like karate ?
i got my brown belt , but i bet you are a black belt in literature
i think i am a purple belt in pasta and a brown belt in pizza .
indeed very expensive . do you have any grants to help you out
that is good , i hope to get some grants scholarships too
hey , i am a student at college
i study ice cream ! , my mom and dad are split
yes , its ice cream , its my favorite !
68 travelling is what i love most though !
cool , college is where i go , i am a student
mom and pop , they are divorced
ohh , ice cream is my favorite food !
do you want to read to me ?
do you want to read my blog
yes , i will be . i will read to you
it is just a reviews blog mostly .
no . i will review you .
that is not what i want though
okay , it is a scary story is that okay ?
what kind of music do you like ?
me too ! it is my favorite . what do you like to do for fun ?
i love cycling . i could spend all day on my bike around downtown seattle
i do warehouse management at a factory
that would be a funny coincidence !
i hope you are careful , warehouse work can be dangerous if proper protocols are not enforced
ouch ! i hope you got compensation for that .
hmm , that does sound familiar !
do you want to camping with me ?
i bought a tent from goodwill . i cannot wait to use it
where are you from my man ?
california ! ! what do you do ?
i like pizza . i like to make pizza while camping .
are you coming with me ?
that makes me really happy . i need a break from school .
yes . but i am looking forward to this so it is fine now
how are you today ?
i am well . the leaves are changing colors here , and they are so beautiful !
exactly ! its the little things in life that are the most wonderful !
sunny and windy days i do not ride the bus so rain is less pleasant . you ?
i love ballet ! i listen to music and imagine myself a dancer much of the day !
how wonderful ! do you work ?
that must be an impressive mustache ! i teach music , but never more than four days straight .
hi there , how are you ?
nice ! just got off work at a restaurant owned by my family . just a small business .
a little italian one . i work there with my six older sisters !
weird coincidence ! haha . tell me more about yourself .
nice ! i love watching basketball . my favourite team is the boston celtics .
awesome ! i also enjoy taking walks in the park while i eat chocolate . two favourite things .
cake is great as well !
hello , how are you doing this fine day ?
that sounds nice . i am just home having my nails done and drinking wine .
no . i was left a trust fund so i figured i would just treat myself today .
i am so sorry . my mother died during childbirth and my father died 3 years ago .
extremely . my sweet rich bulldog has helped me though a lot .
no . i am 24 but hopefully i find the one soon . how about you ?
oh wow ! are you married ?
hello . what have you been up to today ?
wow haha that is a lot ! i spent the morning reading
no i am more of an indoors kinda gal . you ?
that sounds amazing . i just read tons . my fave books are harry potter and got series
great episode . but the books are even better . only show i really get into is walking dead
not much , just thinking about making a nice big dinner tonight . what do you like to eat ?
oh my god ! these kids are driving me insane !
no my 2 kids . they are driving me insane tonight .
ca not . i am on call tonight . the only doctor available . go figure .
what i would not do to be able to shop for myself right now .
i am in ! i have been dying to get to aspen . i hear the shopping there is awesome !
you just shattered my dreams .
who knows maybe i will have a good time .
hi just done playing soccer
just for fun just like my brother was in the navy
brother was, vegan is the diet i am following
that's why i love mashed potato that i make
do you watch game of thrones ? i love that show
i make sure that the potatoes that i used are straight from our garden
yes, she that i make sure that it is no preservatives like that
hi , its a beautiful morning here on the lake .
i wish i could workout ! its hard being a mom and business owner .
i have two , a boy and girl .
i own an upholstery business which is also a hobby . how about you ?
sounds like a great roommate to have .
it is nice , hard but also fun to create something new .
hey , how is your night going ?
i am . so how about we get to know each other ?
i do they are really pretty overseas . have you ever been ?
you do not like you life ?
i am disabled too . i do civil war reenactments to pass the time .
how disabled are you ? i love mexican food . what about you ?
is all you cook is pasta ?
i really like salads but lately i am finding it hard to find good ones .
hello how's your day going today ?
never tried to write an ebook lol i am more into football
i do roofing now so not as much time for fun and games lol
lol wow really i have a big old Chevrolet lifted truck
lol not for any beer money ! i want something bigger and better
haha are you going to lift it ?
hi , what are you up to today ?
fun stuff . i am about to explore some more of japan their food
my remote programming job has me here for the month
a lot of my computer screen unfortunately ! hoping to sight see more this week
not a fan of sushi . . are you ?
oh not yet . . i travel too much , have not been home in 2 years !
paris was my favorite . . what are your hobbies ?
how many kids do you have ?
hi how are you today ?
i am good . just taking a break from work .
i work at an advertising agency . what type of writing do you like ?
i like fiction , its fun to write and a great way to escape .
my mom died recently . writing helps me not think about it .
my dog helps , he is a golden retriever and very sweet , a great companion .
blue is my favorite color . my dog and me go hiking . its good exercise .
what else do you like to do for fun ?
hi how are you doing today
congratulations ! where is the wedding
that sounds nice , what kind of food
do you have any hobbies ?
i like video games and reading . do you travel to make friends
that is nice , where is your honey moon ? will you see new churches ?
that sound great . what kind of music do you like ?
that is a cool mix , i like isaiah rashad
hi i start my new job as a baker tomorrow , i am excited to make cakes
i have heard of the movie but never seen it
i will look it up online , i love the internet !
college is fun . any favorite foods ? being a vegetarian it is just vegetables for me .
find a good website with multiple recipes because it can get boring .
that is what they say . do you like music ?
i like country music , i grew up on it .
oh , do you live in the city now then ?
hello i am a doctor just like my parents
i love kids there the best
i am a surgeon but i would love to help kids
tiki is such a good name what breed is it ?
no but i would love a dog
i do not know i am just focused
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i love to play sports a lot
how old are you lol ?
you must love spending time with them
what do you do for a living ?
do you like to garden at all ?
hi how are you today
is editing fun or tedious ?
very true . do you have kids ?
i have 3 kids its a handful
i see . do you go on walks ?
i also love going on walks nice
i live in my honda civic car
hey you , what are you up to ?
trying to figure out where to put all of these fat stacks
you know it does , but i punched a clock one time
it does not matter to me . i am rich
i am not rude . just too rich to care
i have all of the money i need .
sure . what kind ? a pizza with ?
of course you plebian .
hey hows it going tonight ? !
oh that is cool ! i love sports too ! hockey and rollerblading are my favorites !
i am not sure i understand your response . what types of foods do you like
i try to eat healthy ! balanced diet and all that . very little sugar lol
and its pumpkin spice season ! i am definitely a white girl and love those things !
yum ! sounds great right now ! so tell me about you !
i love all coffee ! ! especially krispy kremes !
oh no ! what happens if you eat it ? !
hey , how is it going tonight ?
i just came from my run . six miles everyday
nothing like good exercise , any hobbies ?
i am into model airplanes and kayaking
cool . so you are into fashion ?
a real-life princess lol
i am in the construction business
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing awesome , just trying to think of some video ideas
i am a YouTuber so it is like a part-time job for me .
yes it is . my cat Leela is keeping me busy
yea , i only have one cat for now
do you own any pets ? If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
i am 27 . how about you ?
good evening . how are you ?
doing well , thanks . just came in from watering the roses .
that would be lovely . roses come in handy when i need to relieve myself .
i have never tried that ! what do you think of canadian women ?
it would be a good reason to have one !
what are you going to class for ? you should learn about climbing volcanoes !
that will be a great job ! i bet you will make a lot of money .
how much does it cost to go to vet school ?
hello ! i am penny and i enjoy surfing , and read on the beach
that is so cool . yeah i love the beach . reading is my fave on the beach
i do but hardly because i want to go back and surf . do you like animals ?
i love watching pandas on youtube .
did you see the baby panda sneezing and scared the mama bear ?
it was so cute i laughed too .
yeah it can believe that .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am well . i love music which is why i own a music store .
yep , being 8 definitely hinders you from owning much more than a pet .
i am melissa and played the sax in a band for 17 years .
i do like comics and anime . also love animals . activist for animal rights .
i like batman , i want to retire in florida . has spider man been to florida .
both my parents sing in the church choir . superman is very cool .
hello , how has your day been ?
good , just about to finish this book .
it is a biography . what did you preform last night ? that sounds interesting .
oh that is awesome ! tell me more about yourself
interesting . i wrote a biography about a famous actor with a similar background as yours .
do you like to drink ?
not really . i do not go out much . can i tell you a secret ?
well , i am 24 and i have never actually gone on a date .
hi ! a wolf from wall street here ! how are you ?
interesting choice of color ! do you do anything for a living or just surf ?
do you wear a suit for surfing ? i wear suit and ties and i like it .
what kind of music do you like ? i am into smooth jazz .
are you married ? any kids ?
no . how about a pet ? my poodles name is nanette !
hi ! just got done watching one of my faves titanic . how are you ?
study hard ! my two kids are in bed they are 2 and 6
you are busy that is a hard career
yes ! my husband jack owns an auto repair shop
no i am a stay at home mom
yes i do love it . i came from sterling heights michigan and hope to go back
i like gospel and country how about you ?
hi how are you today ?
i feel so alive when i scream , i am painting a portrait
that is awesome , i am more of a loner
i was homeschooled so i have no real connection with people
yes it clears my head . do you ?
i love prada and versace
i have expensive taste lol . . what do you do for fun ?
i like art and i love animals
hello , how are you tonight ?
i can only go three , i surf a lot though .
lol . my brothers have that habit as well .
i was a cheerleader and on my school's surfing and gymnastics teams .
my oldest sister was a track star , i knew better than to follow in her footsteps .
i have a lot of siblings and i chose sports none of them did .
surfing is my life and my hobby .
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh that is nice . i got a cat , too . what kind of cat do you have ?
i also have a german shepard as my other pet
i like to sew and read books
i listen to all types of music . except country music .
what do you do for work ?
i work at a cafe and wait tables . i like it .
how are you doing today ?
what happen ? is it the nice weather ?
i like eating veggie pizza
i still listen to the beatles
i am a very shy person
what do you look like ?
i do not get a long with my family
i can not eat peanuts i have a bad allergy
how are you doing today ?
that is cool i hate readying
oh that is cool but i hate reading
oh no that is not me i do not like stocks
i am good with computer and cell phones
that is cool i like baking and doing nails
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i have a headache that was so bad , i needed to call 911 .
mine is so bad i can only see 200 feet ahead of me .
that is good . are you in school or do you work ?
no i have not thought of that . what kind of work ?
i did not learn how to write so i do not have a good job .
yuck ! are you married ? i married my best friend from high school .
that is so wonderful . i hope i am as lucky as you . good night !
hello there ! how are you doing today ?
fine thank you . what gender are you if you do not mind me asking ?
i am a woman . think of becoming a man
ust feel like i do not fit in as a man
but i am just so unsure . . .
i cant tell which gender i am more attracted to
hello how are you and how is your day going ?
good to hear , i am watching tv . so what do you do for fun ?
i like to cook . especially breakfast on sundays . so you like fish ?
yes yummy ! ! ! i prefer pancakes . i have 2 dogs . what do you eat ?
nice ! i like vegetables too ! ! what kind do you grow ?
i listen to pop and r and b
okay i have never heard of them . what genre is it ?
oh cool ! ! i really like music and singing
hi , how are you doing tonight ? where do you live ?
doing good , thanks ! what do you do for work ?
cooking dinner , steak with mashed potatoes and corn . you ?
i hear you ! ! ! it is easy money . .
yes , i have a job but enjoy making money from home too . . .
that is nice ! i have to drive 45 mins to work .
mine too , guess that is why i am good at what i do !
hi i am dave hows it going
i am good , went swimming today
sometimes but it usually does not work very well
most of my free time goes to my daughter
mines is too little to do that just yet haha
she is almost 8 months
same , so what's your favorite food
hello how are you today
do you like to travel
i travel all the time for work .
i run my parents travel agency
i love it . have you ever left the country
you can but jamaica is one of the best places to go
i go a lot since it is my favorite . what do you do for a living
that sounds fun . what kind of dancing do you do
hello there how is your day ?
no but i am obsessed with blue , so his outfit is nice
and here i thought collecting stamps was cool
no , but i am chad . my mom told me not to tell people she taught me cello
an instrument , i play it everyday while swimming at the ymca
sometimes i wish i could play cello in the concerts i go to every weekend
i do not like him either , more of a real music kind of guy
wow , interesting choice coming from a comic guy
hello there , today is a great day for reflecting on my mom
my ma is a crazy russian lol we in america now
i am well proud of her for teaching me too cook !
i successfully opened up a restaurant 3 years after
my mom rest her soul died when i was in highschool still
i was only 18 years old , rock is cool i love r b
awe what was the dogs name ? i have just 1 of those
good evening ! how are you ?
i am good just got back from the bars . favorite was radio head .
yea it was karaoke night tonight . had a blast .
nope just two small dogs .
oh nice . i small consulting business .
sometimes i do . i would like to say more often than i do not .
lkjsklsk s skskksks s skkssks
i am a nice woman and that is what we like to do .
hello there person whom I have never met
i am doing fine . how about yourself ?
that sounds fun . i prefer cycling . do you like music ?
nice . i jam out to the pearl jam .
nah , i cycle at night . its hard to hike at night .
wow . that is a far hike . we do not have many good hiking spots in boston
well it was nice talking to you
what do you like to do ?
i love art too which is why i like museums so much .
there are a lot of museums here in new york city , luckily .
yes ! my wife and i love going there with our family .
i just wrote an article about that recently !
i write for a living .
children stories , inspired by my nieces and nephews 10 of them !
yes , they love to visit us in nyc because there is so much to do .
hello how are u tonight
i am doing great just getting ready for work later
i work at a small daycare and i go to college
yeah i just had my 2 year anniversary with the boyfriend
i would love children but need to finish my major in business administration first
that is great my dad was a dentist and mom a teacher
maids are great helpers
hello . how are you doing today ?
no , i have not seen it . have you tried looking on your desk ?
i used to have a pony . my mom had money from ballet .
that sounds nice . i am a cashier at a gas station .
in may i will turn twenty six and i just had braces off last year !
well , milkshakes are still on the menu though , right ?
i am going to move in a couple of months . . . hope i do not lose anything .
good afternoon , how are you ? its a gloomy day for this old girl
what kind of drinks do you enjoy
haha i feel you on that one . i do not drink much because i have a grandson
oh nice , do you write about animals at all ? i like animals
oh really , well i love my grandson , daughter , animals , and life . just made 77
haha , i love being online anyway I can , I used to be a computer programmer
ah I am too old to remember haha , about 10 years ago
yea , how old are you ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
nope i work too much
do you mean the candy ?
i have never heard of that
what do you do for a living ?
oh i see , never heard of it
i will have to look it up, if only I could visit Japan to watch a live baseball game.
hi how are you today ?
i am good . i plan on going to a festival .
you have seven girlfriends ? that is funny
i do not have a girlfriend . do they know about each other ?
i also love to eat all sorts of meat
i just started a online business , so i can work online
no boots unfortunately . i sell my homemade candles
hey how is your day going ?
i am doing good , busy day
i am in the lab working all day , and afterwords i have a big gymnastics meet
just my parents who are also working in the lab today , what about you ?
that is so cool . what kind of music do you like ?
if you can tap to the beatles that would be so amazing
wow that is really cool i hope to win a medal as well for gymnastics
my name is oreo running is my life
good off work today so free to bbq not grill cook
yeah and when days get tough i listen to floyd
yeah tomorrow i get to find a side gig
my dream is only 17 thousand dollars away
nice i wanna open a restaurant hot rod harrys named after my uncle
of course a gaming area , the tables set like bays in a garage
we have a old chevrolet turned into a racing game
well come down to florida and you can
hi there . how are you ?
that sounds tough ! how long have you been doing that ?
that is cool . do you like movies ?
wow , that is a lot . i am an actor so i am really into movies .
i played an orphan in annie . i have been acting since i was a kid .
i make a good living , especially now . i am a regular on a telenovela .
hey there ! 6th grade teacher here you ?
so your into sales , what do you do in you spare time .
pretty ! when i am not busy coaching girls volley ball i do crosswords and crochet
i love it ! so addicting
and can be done to just about any kind of music
i find that latin music is best for it with some of the moves my opinion
do you like to watch ball room dancing ?
hello tell me about yourself
i live in vegas , personal trainer , like fishing and hiking
nice i love dogs too , i have two pitbulls
braces are so pretty just hurt i am assuming
that is good , pain medication helping ?
dang that does not sound like much
i bet how long ago was that ?
man that is not long ago at all , that sucks if you do not like it
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i would say garden in my backyard
what do you mean can ?
oh ok that sounds fun
are they those mason jars ?
what do you do for a living ?
is that how you earn money ?
hello , how are you doing today
why did you stop working there ?
how many kids do you have
wow that is terrible , what happened ?
there are sunflowers in the park i like to go to
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to read , i do not work
what ! ! ! you should not do that you have kids
good evening , how has your day been ?
i wish i had time for that , working 40 hours in a bank is killing me .
i know but i am so focused on doing a good job that i forget to .
i do ! i have a two year old little girl . you ?
i call her pie which is super cute when she tells people that is her name .
do you have plans tomorrow ? i am hoping to go to a restaurant .
i played a tabletop vampire game for years . that was fun .
vampire masquerade . i think i still have my clan books somewhere .
hello , how are you this fine evening ?
i love animals my by far favorite are pandas though .
i love to go surfing when i am in san diego ?
you like to go walking a lot !
my dog that just passed away was a german shepherd .
i am so sorry for your loss as well . how long ago did that happen ?
that still hurts probably . was your brother into fixing cars as well ?
nice . how long have you been a mechanic ?
hi , wanna watch some baseball with me ?
i live in canada , i like the raptors .
i live in canada .
i am trying to be a dentist
i stay up late studying all the time
no , do you want to be my pet ?
will you buy me one too ?
really tall . taller than you probably .
hello my name is jake how are u
i know the feeling just took my husky tyrion on a walk
sadly i did not get that luxury in canada the roads are steep
yeah and school was 13 miles away , whats your favorite food ?
nice i love my laptop as much as i love tilapia
haha i know that my rc cars would lose races if their battery was like my laptop
i got into it helping my nephew so we race together
yeah i do not have kids so its nice
hello . it is nice to talk to someone this evening .
i hear you . my job at the railroad office has been stressful lately .
i love it . there is always something interesting happening . what do you do ?
that sounds really interesting ! what is your favorite dish to make ?
i will eat just about anything , but pretzels are my favorite . simple , yet delicious .
i do not . are you fluent in any other languages ?
i have once . i saw my favorite band in germany . vnv nation !
i do , too . but most days , i would rather stay in and watch something . netflix and chill .
hi . do you have a cat or dog or bird or horse ?
i have cows , pigs , goats , chickens , cats , dogs , horses , and geese .
yes . i grow my own vegetables since that is all i eat .
yes . i tend to my garden while my chickens and i listen to good old country music .
speaking of jobs , when i worked as an actress , i pretended to be a country singer .
no just a dog food commercial with a cat that thought they were trisha yearwood .
hi how are you today
pretty good where do you work
just crack cold ones with the boys
nice we have beer and tons of food
do you like any sports ?
football is the best . do you watch ?
very nice . you should come watch
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . i am secretly famous online as a video game character
then you are meeting the right person . i like to live for real though
i am not sure i have one , been focusing on my internship in engineering i start soon
i am not sure i follow . i was thinking of skydiving in Italy though
i dream of moving to the middle of the desert
wow , so no bucket list before you die
hello , i just got back from a shopping trip . what are you doing ?
very nice , what are you making ?
that sounds delicious . i am drinking a diet coke right now .
i enjoy salads . particularly with tofu .
i think its ok . my husband does not like salads too much .
i spend waaaay too much time shopping ! i need to be on a budget .
hey there how are you ?
awe i am glad you got it taken care of .
i love me some pizza but i hate the carbs lol
i like to cook an bake sometimes
i like to bake my kids sweets an cakes an things like that .
they are 2 8 an 13 , what you major in ? do you have any animals
i love dogs but i only have 1 dog .
hello there , how are you today ?
oh i hear you there , i am a bit sleepy myself
my father was a lumberjack , so was i until a tree nearly cracked my skull open .
i drive for user and left .
i love to read and spend time with my family . how about you ?
i used to love fishing , until an alligator nearly ripped my arm off .
yes indeed , i feel as though i live in the final destination universe .
holy crap , pistachios are so good .
at the organic food store . i do not eat fast food .
yes . i met him fishing a few years ago .
what do you do for fun ? i love racing go carts .
i have two cats , alice and dylan .
do you play any instruments ? i love my guitar .
wow , i had no idea !
i putz around online for simple jobs .
hi there . how are you tonight ?
i am good . studying for class monday .
i am going for business administration .
are you in a relationship ?
i have been dating this girl , luis , for a few months .
we met at school . we both drive mustangs .
oh , then I would be too .
I have an older sister .
hello my name is michael
my day is great . how is your day ?
what music do you like to listen too ? metallica ?
yes it is my favorite music
no i do not know how to play a guitar . i know how to eat rice .
yes ! you cake eating , daughter loving , guitar rockstar dude .
yes , i am too . i eat rice and chicken every meal . i go gym too .
oh yes my brother bad guys . i read about them , autobiographies at bedtime .
hi . i miss my grandparents sometimes .
both grandparents went to heaven . i always have such good memories of them .
the rest of my family is in the state of Ohio . i enjoy being with them .
i bet English is beautiful . do you see your brother very often ?
good . do you use a laptop or desktop computer ?
i have two laptops and one is getting fixed .
i cannot make it work at all . i think it is a virus .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i work as a chef , classically training . what do you do for a living ?
i have never visited chicago , but my parrot came from near there !
well , i do not tell many people this , but i have pattern baldness characteristic of males
yeah , that is why it is so weird . probably why my parents do not love me .
that is strangely off topic . . .
of course , that is part of being human .
i hate heels , i am too tall and they are uncomfortable .
how are you doing today ?
good just got back from a ride .
was great if only my horse could give me advice !
what are you up to today ? yeah it would be .
is it for his birthday ?
what do you do for fun ?
how old did he turn ?
do you live in the suburbs ?
how are you ? where are you from ?
i am from kansas but it is so cold here . i would rather live somewhere warmer .
i do . what do you do for a living ?
i used to work on a farm but lost my job due to the farm being foreclosed .
i am . what hobbies do you enjoy ? i watch reality shows a lot .
i like you tube too .
i have a couple i consider good . do you like any sports ? I wish I had more friends to go out with and watch soccer games.
i enjoy watching baseball . the cleveland indians are my favorite .
hi , how is your evening going ?
that sounds like so much fun ! i really enjoy family time !
i love to cook . i try to every night . i also coach cheer .
i bet if you tried to get into it you would do so well !
wow she must be an amazing dancer . do you enjoy dance ?
dancing takes its toll . especially ballet . way to keep dancing !
hi i am bella and i live in new york
oh wow that is great do you need help for costume designs ?
i play a lil bit of piano but fashion and designing have always been my passion
my all time favorite hobbies is shopping i must keep up on fashion trends
i am too busy with school to focus my food so i eat a lot of fast food
ya i know its bad my idol coco chanel would be so disappointed in me
sleep sounds nice but i have so much studying to do
hi , what are you up to ?
how nice ! where do you volunteer ?
i am honestly such a homebody . i love to read .
i love cold weather , curling up with a good book and coffee .
winter is my favorite time of year . oh i am not familiar with him .
cool ! i will have to check out his work .
i am a writer for a local newspaper . my parents are not impressed .
hi there how are you ?
i am good just reading the bible
i have a jewelry boutique , and you ?
what do you do on your spare time ?
design jewelry or go to a craft show
yes i can make any color simple or bold look
do you like trying new things ?
lucky i get scared last minute
hi , i am from england . what about you ?
yeah . i had to get little people that i can knit and crochet cute outfits for .
so sorry . try take walks in your wheelchair and maybe you will love them like i do .
has to be chicken ! makes me a really happy person everyday .
really ? org . tomatoes add life to everything haha
really short . 5 2 . you ? you like going to the lake like i do ?
two short people . that is really funny !
hey there how are you at this ?
you like the archery center ? i love it
i love to go every hour an kind of , got a fav singer ?
do you like to ride bikes ?
really ? i just got a new job
i will be cleaning gutters outside
i like to ride my bike when i have time
good morning new friend how is your day so far ?
i work in a coffee shop but we have no coffee for computers unfortunately
spring . i love when everything starts waking up
april here means tornadoes . its still probably the best month weather wise
i saw one in person once . once was enough
fortunately it was a very small tornado
no i only wear contacts , do you have any tips for that ?
hey there , how are you ?
that is great . how long have you done that ?
cool . listening to music is like meditation for me
almost anything , keeps it interesting . probably listen 5 hours a day lol
work from home . customer service calls . how about you ?
nice , good luck ! what do your parents think of that ?
you are a really healthy person , physically and mentally it sounds like
good day from dublin ireland !
it is lovely . i moved back here to take care of my aging mother and father
my sister was unable due to my niece and nephew being young still
i am a 49 yr old man , i do non cloud gaze
no animals , i am still working on finishing my degree in the arts
my niece and nephew have a mini pig . it is a bit stinky however
well , i like to eat pig . bacon is my favorite
chocolate gives me heartburn , i like vanilla
vera is not dead . i want to change my ways . you ?
larry left me at the alter . i must be gods will . you sing ?
evil is liar and i hate it . you dance ?
like money , in god i trust . you have any pets ?
you will live . larry left because i am selfish and weak . you like tea ?
cute . my mind is made up i think . you write ? i am an author
i see . my heart hurts too . i want change . you binge watch anything ?
no . vera was but she is dead . you like cheesecake ? i do .
hi , how are you , please tell me about yourself ?
i love to cook and go out to eat , italian is my favorite . you ?
apples are good ! do you like the rapper drake ? he is my favorite
well , not too much sports , but i love playing drums as a hobby
yes , for sure , i love listening to other rap music too
definitely summertime is my favorite , so much to do !
hello ! how is your sunday so far ?
good . i just walked my dog and am back home .
mine is doberman , what is yours ?
sounds like a nice buddy . what are you doing for the rest of the day ?
what do you do to make it ? i am a mechanic . i repair cars and trucks .
yes but i am not into any particular type . any suggestion ?
charlie daniels ? i will look that up . i am a northern young fellow !
i am in pennsylvania . very fertile land with lots of good food .
hi how are you
that sounds refreshing i just got done with a class
i am a computer engineering major
yeah , my mom is a lawyer and wanted me to follow her but i like computers more
that would be very boring . that is what i tell my kids sometimes .
i have two sons and three daughters . its tough at times but rewarding
yes it is but fun at times . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
hi ! how was your weekend ?
awesome ! french fries were all i ate this weekend . did you have any ?
i never heard of it . what is that like ?
i am not good at math and bought too many french fries
yes a poor student eating french fries
i hope i keep in contact with mine . we went shopping this weekend
a sweater for the fall season
that is a very pretty color . seems to be in too
hello , tell me something you do not like about yourself ?
i feel you . i wish i was a baller but my feet stink .
i am all about that money and my mom used to lifts weights professionally .
do you have hair ? i am blonde .
my my . what is your most favorite song ?
i do not have a favorite anything . but , since you asked , lady humps .
no , i am a teacher if that counts . i love them dearly .
hey how are you tonight ?
that good . you like to game ? chess is what i like
cook for me anytime . what your favorite memory ?
well as a kid seeing the eclipse was amazing
could of used you to bring food to me we watch together
blonde is fine i just want to play chess
no old and this internet now a day so high speed i just relax
yep you got me though can protect you
hi there ! how are you ?
what book ? i hate reading
books get in the way of my video games
one . do you have more than one ?
that equals two my friend
that sounds fun ! we can listen to country music !
or you could cover my shift at Subway, I wish I could cover your shift at Subway, but I am a vegan and can't work with meat.
hello .
i am doing well . may i ask what your interests are ?
that is very interesting . i enjoy reading about computers , myself . i build my own .
outside of building computers , i enjoy a bit of entomology . . i collect bugs .
traffic is the pits . i worked on the other side , was a mechanic for a while .
ever think about joining the military ? less traffic on the base, I wish I could join the military to experience the discipline and structure.
i like to ride my bike and listen to jazz
when i was 10 i broke my nose on my bicycle
where are you from ? i am from seattle it is my favorite of all
i ride my bike to the factory i work in
yeah the schools have gone way down in recent years
so what grade are you in ?
yes i love to read , what kind of stories do you like
my name is jack , hiking and mountain biking keeps me active
vermont is where i live and is a great place to hike too .
what is your original gender ? there are 12 national parks i visited
i am talking about usa national parks , which model of honda .
i am afraid to go to yellowstone , i love hershey .
i do work , what is comedienne ?
i cannot eat too much sweets , but i love sweet tarts .
i want to buy more art supplies
i want to buy more art supplies
sorry i did not mean to do that
how many languages can you speak
that is pretty cool i can speak 3
i can speak english spanish and french
i know how to make all the cuisines too
there would be lots and lots of food
what are you up to today ?
oh you are a teacher ? i analyze finances for a beer company
i get to drink a lot of beer . i have tried 35 kinds of beer before
it does make it more interesting . and i drink at the casinos too
i gamble there . wife does not like it but i am pretty good at blackjack
we have been together for 6 years
i live in vegas . right by all casinos
hello friend whats the news in lake woebegone
ha ha do you know what lake woebegone is ?
it is a fictitious place where all the children are above average
my brother put a trout under the seat of my car he is a real squint
as soon as the weather thawed it out . it is an old scandinavian trick
btw you have beautiful punctuation
oh how nice , our world is getting better and worse all at once
it is great you can use software to help losing your eyesight is a game changer
hi there , how are you ?
i just got off work at the publishing building i work at !
i am an attention seeking girl and love being surrounded by boys .
i really enjoy cooking for all my friends and family !
no i have a pretty good job in a publishing building .
i love roses ! all my friends and family tell me i have a cute laugh .
i really enjoy cooking and cleaning . yourself ?
nice ! i love cooking pasta particularly .
hi there . how are you today ?
i am good . listening to some rock , you ?
oh . i design video games as a living .
oh . my mom has always been my best friend .
yeah , i have one little boy . he is only 2 .
i am sorry to hear that . it may just take time .
you will be pregnant before you know it !
what is your least favorite food ?
what are you up to this beautiful day ?
just taking some time off of my farm duties
i am in michigan . grand rapids . it is great here . you should come visit
what is wrong with georgia ?
sometimes i do . when my kids will give me enough alone time to
only 2 kids . and a wife . so about a medium sized one
hey that is great . i miss those days
hello ! what are you doing ?
sounds fun , i went lion hunting yesterday .
blonde . i am going to mount the head in my living room .
haha , that would be funny . i do not have a creative bone in me .
you like to grill out ?
i like a good meal . if i ever climb mt everest i will need to pack food
not all my food ! what do you like to do ?
i am nina and i have an apartment in new york
i am twenty one years of age and i love roses as my fave flower .
my small black and white cat is just so playful and loves to mess around
i bet you did well in that sport
wow ! steak and good looking i bet . lol
what else do you do for fun ?
oh how far do you run
some days i walk from 6 7 miles a day
hi , beautiful day today . enjoyed a walk in our park with the kids .
oh , so sorry to hear that . do something fun in her memory !
excellent . good choice . we do not go out much ; too hard with kids .
two . and yes , since i am home with them I have time to do that .
that is so cool . what kind of food do you serve ?
ll , pretty much anything , but especially different types of ethnic food italian , mexican , thai . . .
hello my good friend . what is up ?
i am reading a book about cutting wood .
do you like to read about anatomy ?
that is very scary . are you okay ?
do they have a lot of trees there ?
i am asking because i work as a lumberjack .
it is . but i am fueled by pancakes so it is okay .
i like to fish in my free time .
hello , how are you today ?
good how is your weather ?
it is nice out , i plan on being outside later .
totally agree . what is your favorite color ?
i love everything that is colored pink . i dyed my cat pink .
what is your favorite food ?
like some oysters ? i really like pasta , especially with seafood in it .
hi , how are you doing ?
haha , blue is my favorite color . whats your job ?
cool . i work as a horse racing handicapper . you like horses ?
nice . i hope to start a program to teach horse racing .
nice . i will do that . thanks for the tip .
nah , i am single . to be honest i have not been on a date in a while . you ?
ah , ok . yeah , the single life .
hi there , tell me about yourself
i actually grew up on the farm and now i work veterinarian
my 2 nephews love national parks . we run there . it is so relaxing
really ? i used to run with my brother , but now he is in the army
i do not have any other hobbies , you ?
cool . i do not have a lot of time for video games
i am sure you can find someone !
hello i have to go to work today
i love to read lots of books
l love true crime books the best
i am a woman . tell me about you
i like all food but my fav drink is caramel cappuccino
where do you work and what do you do ?
yes at my parents house not mine . they live across the street
hi there , please tell me more about yourself !
wow ! sounds cool . i love bruno mars . . whats your favorite music ?
yes , me too . i am in high school now , hope to become a nurse soon .
that sounds exciting . . . whats your favorite foods ? i love anything sweet !
haha , i really love sour worms !
yap . . its my favorite . . my tongue can handle it
yep . . the acid does it every time
haha , i sleep alot too . . . that is why i am a c and d student . . oops
wahoo ! it is friday finally the work week is coming to an end .
oh that sounds like fun . i will be doing some shopping later . kids ?
well where do you live ?
i am in cali . do you like to swim or do yoga ?
ah was hoping i may have found a friend who could join me on Thurs . and Tues .
why what did you do ?
ok ! why did you do that ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i go to school full time
no i want to be a radiologist
no , no pets for me
no i'm not , too busy
i would love to be in one but can't find the right person
are you in a relationship ?
jefferson here , just finished reading another book .
oh , i work a fair bit at a doctors office .
just a bunch of paperwork mostly . it helps me keep my mind off being single .
someone brought in some flowers the other day . i think my favorite was the lily .
wow , you must not have much free time !
what are you studying in college ?
that is great , helping people is a noble thing .
do you have any hobbies ?
hi , cartographer , painter , bagel maker , arm wrestler and ex nurse . you ?
you ever been chased by wild lions ? you sing ? i do .
whew ! chicken wings are our friends . you arm wrestle ? i do .
huh ? i see . i made a unicorn cry . you dance ? i do .
oh okay . you ever been stabbed in the eye ? i love to paint . you
yes ! you ever been hit by a bus ? i love baking bagels .
hmmm . wizard of oz has sexual overtones . you bake ? i draw too .
huh ? once snow white was my friend . she drifted . you write novels ?
you ever been hit with a bat ? nurse ? i was .
hey how are you tonight
that is good . is he smart
that is good . will you teach him to cook
that is cool . cook me a steak
you are not alone . it is tough especially learning languages
i end up laughin at myself
thankfully i am a genius
thankful that i am the only child
hello how are you doing today
i am great i am cleaning and i hate it
i love to paint and only with water colors
pictures children and things that are pretty
well thank you for saying that
yes i do what is your favorite color
mine is blue also and mine is cinderella
well good luck i hope you do great
hi , i am nancy . how are you ?
great , just enjoying my collection of barbies
nope me either and i am the product of only child syndrome lol
sort of like my barbies , just going to waste
yes i have a pink prius
i am just an eccentric spirit .
hey , how are you doing ? nice sunny day for some golf over here !
i do , wonderful to spend some time with my friends and away from writing poems .
video games are fun . i am not a big fan though .
i have no idea what those are . but i like watching my pet beta fish .
sounds delicious . as long as you leave my beta fish alone !
i just remembered i have to pack up my old clothes for homeless donation !
as long as it is in good condition other than the stains , sure .
either will work , i got nothing else to do anyway .
i had a childhood in farming
when i became 18 , my mother and father relocated accras the country
i prefer travelling to musical rock exhibitions
i consume unfertilised chicken embryos and smoked pig meat for the morning meal
on saturday and sunday i accostiate with acquaintances
i grew as a child on a farming business
eggs and bacon for the morning meal
i like travelling to musical festivals
hey , i am in a lady motorcycle club and i love to drive fast
well do you want me to come beat him ? i have never lost a fight
well there you go lol and your kids would enjoy checking my tatts i have got 12
u like women too ? did not know that
i just drove 20 mins this morning at 208 mph i can get there fast
sounds like a plan i will be there soon you can hop on my bike
well then pack your bags
good morning how are you ?
hi ray how is your day ? i wish i had a taco .
oh i love to drink . not 21 yet though .
yeah it is easy to waste a lot of money . are you in school ?
going to michigan next year in august .
you did ? did you confuse there and their in the book too ?
haha well maybe someday right ?
mostly summer stuff like running and swimming . never horses .
hey there , friend ! is it starting to get cold where you are ?
that is cool . i think animals are the best .
i like listening to country music and working on my farm .
what are you going to school for ?
do you like to dance to country music ?
i throw parties in my barn where we line dance every month .
we usually have a big vegan spread .
hi , how are you doing ?
that is good , i am doing great !
yes , i having pie with my husband and children
chocolate chip cookies are delicious
pepsi is good . i always get one on road trips .
i live upstate in new york and love to drive down to florida .
it is worth it . i sometimes need a break from working as a meeting coordinator
i plan meetings for my company , it is a lot of fun
hi how are you today ?
oh what are you selling off ?
you should drop that and go skate
you only fail by not trying . d e e p
where are you moving to ?
i wanna be in the uk soon
it just seems like such a trendy place
ink with how things are going with our emperor
hey there how are you ?
i am ok just dreading private school tomorrow . parents enrolled me
uh oh lol where are you from ?
i am in ga as well . my parents came over from europe
yea i like running . i prefer riding my motorcycle though lol
i would have to say hot topic or old navy
hello out there . my name is stephanie . who are you ?
i am okay . i do not have work today , so i am just relaxing .
i go by steph most of the time . what is your nickname ?
makes sense . my roommate sometimes calls me koala girl . she is a jerk .
my mom and dad live in miami . i miss them a lot . what about you ?
i would love red hair ! do you live alone ?
i couldn not live with my brother . he drinks too much beer . go figure .
namaste . how are you today ?
just watching casablanca with my kids .
i have two kids . they are chinese , adopted . where are you ?
new york , but i dream of quebec ! i want to go there .
i am not in the city , i am in the mountains up north . it is lovely .
i have yoga classes , i love the enlightened arts .
i teach things like yoga and meditation .
i wish I could attend more live rock music concerts. you ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good ! does your cat like sweet stuff ?
haha , i love sweet stuff as well ! do you live on your own ?
aww i do not have a lot of money either .
babysitting mostly , but my fiancee works in it .
you could teach them to draw at least ! haha
seriously ? that must be really confusing haha
i can imagine ! do you like to prank people then ?
hi how are you today ?
probably making some food , you ?
haha nice . do you watch tv ?
cool what about got eh ?
oh no you are in the 1 !
that is what they always say . gannisters always pay their debts .
that is alright . we the north .
hey how are you today
oh my beach sounds fun to wear some swimsuits i just bought
got to shop at walmart it getting cold out
well that good what you do today
well i shop online so quick and easy
telling you cause this new tv i bought oh my and no
telling you cold month i just want feet up relax and just sleep thank for ask ing
well hope you get some sleep my friend
hey ! how is it going ?
cool . i just got done drafting my nfl fantasy football league ? i love nfl and college football .
that is awesome . i live in georgia . where are you from ?
i do not listen to much music . i love reading fiction books . especially sci fi and horror books .
what is your favorite rock band ?
that is an interesting band . i may have to look them up .
that is kinda cool .
hi are you a cat person or a dog person ?
i am a dog person i have two corgis , max and sophia
no but i love sitting with them and reading true crime novels
i have two brothers that come over every weekend to play board games .
no , but i love going to disney world every year . where do you work ?
that is interesting , my job is boring , i am a secretary at an insurance agency .
hey how are you doing today ?
i am great , just working right now !
working in the hospital right now , do not enjoy it though
i love cars , especially toyota so i would like to be a mechanic .
toyota corolla for sure , very reliable vehicle !
it would be for sure , or a nice truck instead .
seattle is beautiful , do you like baseball ?
also do not forget to vote after the game in the election !
hey there . hows it going ?
that is awesome ! what kind of shoes are they ?
i am happy for you . i am not a huge fan of comfy things . i am more of a thrill seeker .
i am really into skiing
all over the us . if you can name it , i have probably been down it
as long as you are doing what makes you happy
hi there , how are you ?
so tell me about you ! you have any kids ?
oh i am so sorry . i hope i do not ever get in one in my black suburban
i go to 4 book clubs , pta , and 2 brunch groups . maybe you can come meet someone
sure , and what about girls night
we only drink apple martinis at girls night . you like those ?
i am sorry . dreams can come true . if only I could shop in Paris for designer clothes
lets go together one time !
howdy ! how all doing today ?
quite fine ! its lovely here on the west coast .
absolutely ! i moved here from virginia , and swim in the pacific every day .
moving here definitely was worth the drive in my dad's ol pickup !
it took three days ! we moved because my mom got a new teaching job here .
she is a professor of environmental science , and great at it too ! where are you from ?
i would love to live there ! my dad cannot find work there though , he is a cop .
hello , are you an elvis fan ? i am .
my hair is blue , so are my car and shoes , lol .
i have eight , and working on getting a few more on vacation .
you should , what will it be ? i am getting a paw print .
i am like that too , it takes me forever to figure out something , other than elvis .
he is , and then my next is tupac .
i love rap , and all kinds of music except for country .
hi how are you doing
i was just trying to imagine the perfect world
it could and maybe bunnies
i do not have children or siblings
that would be great to live in a world with just bunnies
yes and probably space crafts
i do in my new world
there is no yoga in this world
hi ! how old are you
i am only 21 . do you like cheerleaders ?
if i ever can get away from the ranch i want to go to college
i want to learn about the outdoors
we do not have sushi at our ranch
i love ranch dressing with my pizza
i colored my hair black .
yes i think so also
? much so lie i do why
! it about honest are you least at but
. bubblegum bubble you fight would i . fight to like i . nice that is
bubblegum you fight to takes it whatever do will i ? lying you are
. myself much so lie i when you believe to hard outs
! are you unbelievable ! see ? really
! bye , cliffs a off skydive go gonna i am but . now
. face fish gump bubble the bubbles bubbly too to you
what are you up to today ?
that is so good of you . i am just studying for my classes
i am in college . i go to the university of massachusetts
i am studying philosophy . it is super interesting .
what are you passionate about ?
you sound like a really good person . i think i am too .
i love music . i go to live shows all the time
what up ! shoot me a thumbs up if you are a little monster p
i am good ! rock music rocks ! i am a pop junkie , but i love all concerts really !
i spend a lot of time working at kohls . not super interesting haha .
oh , wow ! that is a good gig . do you two have a good relationship ?
three sisters . a very girly household . we are all very musical
ll we would make a good girl group ! i would want to learn how to dance first
that sounds rough ! have you had it your whole life ?
no . i wish . a dog would be a good little monster . you ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you enjoy it then
i am an intern at the moment
for engineering and motors yeah
yeah save the world and stuff
what do you like to eat, if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a city with a vibrant arts scene.
do you like hoop earrings ? i just got a new pair
well , you are not an artist like me , you would not know
get a cat ! my little charlie is great at keeping me busy
yea man . what else do you do
well that does not sound boring at all
body language is universal . learn to shake what your mama gave you
hello how are you doing today ?
i am and always been a city girl . but i love going to the beach for vacation
i do no even know what that is
oh ok did not realize that .
i have a small group of close friends . you ?
longtime friends ? all of mine ours
that is good . so i am almost done with grad school
i am 32 yrs old . and you ?
will you help me brush my hair ?
well hurry up . my mom will not help
okay , i guess . unless my boyfriend returns before then
will your wife cook for me ?
sure , i do not see a problem with that
no , he will have to brush it himself .
that is fine , i do not care .
he has to bring one . and what about my mom ?
hi how are you this evening ?
sounds like a fun fantasy i just got home from work .
true , what is your major ?
i have not eaten meat in 2 years since becoming a vegan . music is fun !
what do you do for a living ?
like they say , follow your heart !
i enjoy dabbling in different jobs like a grocery store , bookkeeping , and tours .
i try to be . i also enjoy the ocean .
i am trying to get a lot of work done today , i am behind .
i probably have a hard time thinking the work is finished .
very cool , but so is stanford . i went to juilliard .
no , a pianist , but i remember the dance division well .
that is nice , i tend to like the big individual slices with sausage and mushrooms .
i know little of football . my favourite athlete is laird hamilton , big wave surfer .
no , and i have always regretted not growing up next to the ocean . just body surfing .
hi there . i am carl and i take pictures for fun .
all types , i have my own photo studio . what do you do
i do , i like candlelit portraits , so magical . i love my hobbies .
i will make those dogs look majestic . in the afternoon though , for i sleep late .
a few well placed candles will set the mood . what else do you do ?
i have a daughter , so when i am not working i am taking care of her .
aww , what is her name ?
that is a beautiful name . they grow up so fast .
i hate makeup . how about you ?
i do not have any at all .
i suppose it does . my band is called average believe it or not .
i never liked school either .
i agree but its almost at an end .
it is cold in the mornings now .
hey . how are you today ?
not so good . i did not get any sleep last night because of the neighbors .
no , they were yelling it was horrible . i live in a horrible neighborhood .
no , they do not care about the neighborhood . i did call the ambulance though .
i live in the wrong side of town in kansas city .
a huge class problem in missouri , and the government does not care .
i mean my mum is in really bad health and we can not afford health insurance .
i am sorry i do not understand what do you mean my morning leave ?
hey there how was your day ?
i am totally cool man . just chillin listening to some tunes in my big blue shag van
awesome . did you like the first one ?
that sounds terrible man . i am a total hippie i do not really watch tv
haha do you have any tattoos ?
yea i have got 2 big ones on my shoulder blade and on my ribs
one is a hummingbird and the other a lighthouse
oh really ? yea they have a cool meaning
hi ! sorry it took so long , my cat knocked over my water .
i have 4 cats . they are perfect pets
i like to play mtg do you play magic ?
can you whistle ? i struggle and seem to fail
then you should do something awesome with your life !
oh i forgot , do you like jello , i love jello !
friends are a good thing to care about . you should give them jello !
hi , how are you today ?
i am leaving right now to go pick up my new car .
i am getting ready to head to college . how long have you been studying ?
that is admirable . i am going to work on a business degree .
i am taking my new car and going to florida state for a tour .
did you get loans for your degree ?
yes , well they did not cancel the tour . hoping to get it over quick .
hi how is it going ?
i work at a bar on weekends but i am studying to be a lawyer
o that is nice are you a mean teacher ? what kind of music do you like ?
o ok i am a blues and jazz type of person
i enjoy collecting scotch to be honest
yea i am too busy with law school to do much, but if I could change one thing, I would love to explore more of Mexico, my home country.
oh yes of course here and there
o ok i want to go to a winery that would cool to do
hi , just made some awesome burgers .
sure . but if i knew i was going to share would have made something better .
oh nice . how about a drake sweater . that would be amazing !
i have too much energy for sewing . practicing drums is more my speed .
nope . assuming you have some ?
i stay out too much to have pets . it would starve .
he might come back pretty gangster . i listen to a lot of rap .
hi my name is john
hi cassandra . what do you like to do for fun ?
i am more into outdoor activities and sports .
that would be hard for me since i enjoy camping so much
wow , can you still work ?
nice , I spend most of my job inside a truck cabin driving
i love working for Hostess and driving around the state .
its why I play first base on the weekends to burn off the calories
hello , how are you today ?
my wife asked me for a divorce today . oddly , that does not bother me too much .
no , i should have though . i was in mexico four times for business this year .
i love to ski , i can do that more . do you have any hobbies ?
i am only good at eating food , mexican and cheetos , lol
have you had mexican pasta ? its delish !
good morning . how is everything with you ?
oh cool . do you guys have any kids ?
oh , i have been messed up since cobain died when i was in middle school .
yeah . that is worse than my non-existent relationship with my absentee dad .
yeah . i console myself by continuing to wear combat boots and babydoll dresses
well i can flirt with you like i did at the dmv during my exam
i bet i am smarter than you are
how high is your iq ?
that is pretty boring honestly .
you are giving me terrible flashbacks .
it is not funny . the flashbacks are of my parents deaths .
on a plane , in a crash .
i do . i wish i could travel
i think so , but i do not have the money
hello , how do you feel about video games ?
i am wonderful , my wife is laid off and she cooks all the time out of frustration .
it is okay , i work from home and like the company until our son gets home .
bethesda gameworks , the people behind fallout .
graphic design work , it is fun watching the animations come to life .
i still have some that are in the design phase from ten years ago .
it is . i am on my 70th game design team . it is amazing .
for almost fifteen years . what do you do ?
i had so much fun at the debutante ball this last weekend
he tried to help me find the diamond i lost
wine is a hobby of mine . the more expensive the better
i walk my french bulldog to stay healthy
trusty , after my trust fund
yes ! i have a lot of time to watch movies since i am unemployed
i live off my trust fund
i attend debutante balls , and drink wine and hang out with my dog
hi there how are you ?
just admiring my new waterproof iphone . samsung stinks !
i did ! accidentally washed it in the machine . good as new !
awesome ! are you liking college ? any cute boys in class ?
oh neat . that is what i thought ! they were not that cute when i went either
that is amazing . you might be an introvert ?
howdy , friend . how are you today ?
what have you been up to this weekend ?
oh you paint ? i am not so good with crafty stuff , but my wife is .
i mostly just play baseball for fun and go camping with my wife and kids .
is that what you do for a living ?
what kind of competitions do you win ?
i just drive a truck for a living . i deliver baked goods .
me too . my kids love when i get to bring stuff home .
hi , want to get to know each other ?
that is creative . i like to write
do they know how you feel ?
you should . life is too short to keep that in
that is not embarrassing in this economy
i enjoy nature walks like hiking
there is nothing better to feed the soul
a good nights sleep i suppose . you ?
hi my name is eric and highly educated
oh sweet ! ! what kind of business . my father is a butcher and owns his own shop
sounds nice ! ! i love eating meat , being a carnivore ,
i work , working what keeps me preoccupied in a newspaper stand
those are nice cars , my dog is my companion when i travel and off
a golden retriever and he extremely friendly , worst guard dog ever .
he is , i am not so much
sports , hmmm . . not much into sports . what about you ?
hello . how are you today ? i just got off my boat .
it is a viking boat and i love to fish off of it . do you fish ?
i travel and do my fair share of pillaging . being a viking and all . . .
well . . . it is more of the dragon of the village . . . but yes . do you ?
it is cold where we live , so the dragon is good for bonfire lighting .
i try to stay away from beaches where pillaging and plundering are looked down on .
that would not be fun for the other prisoners .
hi there , how are you ?
i am pretty shy , so this is a big deal for me . i do like to sing though
you should go for it . only recently have i dared sing in front of anyone
face your fears . i used to panic and not show up to sing
you might succeed . i recently auditioned for a talent show and got accepted !
i sang celine dion . what else do you enjoy ?
i love ponies ! ! maybe you should enter one in the talent show
you should . i will be right by your side
hi !
not reading much right now , busy painting pictures .
so you are an accountant ? i just got a new job .
selling cars , had to find something to do while the wife was teaching .
sounds nice . do you have a grill out there ? i really love eating meat .
dogs are such fun .
that is so fun ! no dogs for me , i love pizza so much I do not have any.
hello tell me about yourself
mine would be green same color as my lexus !
sure do you mind if i bring my dog socks with us
yay ! i have a husky , but i had some many dogs before its hard to count
i am more a classic rock kinda guy . like ccr , black sabbath , acdc etc , you ?
kid rocks name makes me laugh
that is random , yeah live in california there is so many beaches here
hello . how are you doing ?
what kind of music do you sing ?
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i work at a boring desk .
yes , she works in retail .
you should take good care of your woman .
i like football a lot
hi ! my one eye is blue and the other one hazel ! tell me something about you !
traffic is horrible ! how long is your commute ? what do you do ?
could be worse my brother travels hours for his he is an archaeologist
do you have any pets ? i have a cat .
what is your ironic job ?
is it time for a new job then ? what would you rather do ?
hello i am so glad to meet you
where do you currently reside
i am a stay at home mom and i love pugs , my kids , and the rockies .
yeah now that i am done with law school we have lots of play time
of course ! i would love to .
wow that must be hard
oh how silly huh ! angela .
what kind of games do you play
have you ever been in a car crash ? scary stuff . but exciting .
yikes . scary . i have been in two majors one . cuts and stitches but nothing broken .
colorado . great place get see the world and breathe great air .
love to bike as well and watch tv . lot so good biking movies . seen breaking away ?
i understand . gets expensive and crowder . but they are essential to me . like food and water
do not mind carrots but i detest celery . turns my stomach .
ha ! ! ! ! you should adopt a bunny and feed them to him .
good afternoon how are you
i eat high fat low carb
i love rock and jazz music
i have urinary cancer since i was eighteen
i want to be a male model
i want to go to hollywood
i am so very hungry for tacos
i need a new car soon
hello , how are you today ?
great ! i finished work early today .
i look for vinyl records .
nice ! i cannot sit still so i am always out and about .
oh , i must be very lucky then . i work in my backyard .
yea . i do not have family anymore , its just me and my planes .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am also doing well . i just got home from a trip to norway and i wish I could go fishing in Norway someday.
nice ! i have had a lot of time to travel since i have retired recently .
i am not much into painting . but my wife loves it .
i love cats but i have now . i am working on traveling everywhere in the bible .
i enjoy barbecue . i guess mostly comfort foods . nothing too exotic .
yeah same here ! have you seen any good movies lately .
not yet . its on my list though .
hi ! how are you today ?
loving this late summer weather . . . not looking forward to winter
really ? i love the ocean
and full of mysterious creatures ! i loved swimming with giant manta rays !
why is that ? too scary ?
fears are for overcoming . that is what my parents always said
yes they are . they are both practicing lawyers
hello ! how is your weekend going ?
mine too . i feel so blessed .
my family is well , and we are not in the path of the hurricanes .
i wanted to go down and help out , but cannot .
that would be very honorable . what do you do ?
that is good . i am sending a donation since i cannot fly down and help .
hey how are you today
that is great that you are refreshed . i am going to play a video game
fresh air is always good it keeps you healthy i think .
yes i like 80s music sometimes i think i am stuck in the 80s
pearl jam is a good band . i have a 386 game console
i am older i am 48 . i ruined all my shirts
i spilled ink on all of them i am so clumsy . in new york upstate
it is pretty . do you have any pets
i do not like animals , but i do not think its nice to eat them .
vegetarian actually . i have some food allergies , but i wo not touch meat . you ?
cool , i love in a farm with pigs so its hard to eat them .
i sure hope to move to the city . i bet they have lots of singing there .
that is awesome . how did it go ?
oh . i know that can make you nervous . i would be scared .
its good to go after your dreams . whats the point if we do not ?
well congratulations . i am proud of you !
hello . how are you on this gorgeous blue sky day ?
skateboard ? oh no . too improper .
really ? what makes you eclectic ?
my sister , madonna , does too . she is such a drama queen
is it ever blue ? that is my favorite color .
whats the significance with those colors ? like a team you like ?
good evening . how is the weather where you are ?
lucky you ! i am spending a lot more time in the library these days .
what are you studying for ?
that sounds like a very good job .
not really . i prefer to spend my time drawing cartoons .
i enjoy it and hope to eventually earn a living from it .
i have never watched that . what is it about ?
i prefer to watch Peanuts or Dennis the Menace.
hi there . how are you today ?
i went camping last night , you
my wife and kids go with me a lot .
what do you do for a living ?
oh cool . i drive a truck .
texas . i love nevada too .
hopefully one day i will get around to it .
do you have any hobbies ?
i am yumi and i work over 60 hours as a manager at a restaurant
because we are short on staff . my boss does not give me days off .
i am in a small town in kansas , i do not like my boss
i do , i just cannot seem to find one at the moment .
i do but do to this only job for source of income it has been tough
i hear france is nice
what do you mean biased born
i would like to travel to switzerland .
i am social but i would like a small group
you sound like my husband . he does not like people .
he just thinks they are idiots .
yes . i am very trusting and like most people .
sometimes i wish i were not that way . i get taken advantage of .
my husband said god put us together to take care of each other .
turk says done . want to keep chatting ?
oops ! are you male or female ?
i love venus an serena ! my idols !
i am a life guard maybe i will see ya there !
my dad loves the offshore work , yes tacos but no milk .
why would you want those things after swimming ? belly ac
why would you ask about tacos if you do not like
good , we do not want you there lol !
so ? ll where do you work so I do not come .
hi how are you ?
i am sorry i hope things get better i have a pretty smile !
i love to exercise . . . do you ?
a lot of people want to be my friend . do u have many friends
that sounds awful . . i am not nice you look like a hobo
wow why ? well i will be your friend . . not realy ! ! !
sure i will ride in your van
hello there . how are you ?
i know . too bad because my dogs are not too happy as well . love them so much !
i hear you ! have you heard of league of legends before ? i am such a gamer !
that is true ! what do you do on your spare time ?
i love listening to pearl jam . . keeps me on my toes .
very commendable . that is awesome . are you married ?
hey there how are you doing
very well , thankyou , what do you do for living
i own a network marketing company
i own a network marketing company
thanks for fun , i vacate in paris and go to opera
sweet ! i enjoy the beach as well ! i am 6ft tall blonde seem to get noticed anywhere
haha thanks ! you are so sweet
hi i am tracy how are you
i like swimming but it fades my purple hair
its for cancer , i wanna cure it i am smart like sheldon cooper. If I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to cure any disease instantly.
yeah i foster people like crazy cat lady when they have cancer
yes i am currently renovating ut
dad is puerto rican my moms italian and i have 0 clue why i am 6 ft tall
it has its ups and downs sometimes
hi , i have a father who was a member of the communist party
yeah , do not know why . i am a party planner as a job .
it is ! it is awesome thing to do . i also do stand up part time .
i like to go deep sea diving the bahamas
swimming is fun . do you go to the beach as well ?
huh . that is weird to hear on my end . lol
is there ? i am not sure of that
hey how are you today ?
that is true i did not have to guess that silly.
i have a beard so i dress up as a pirate.
i am only 5 ft tall so i have to use a pillow to drive.
i do not but my parents do they are super old.
they are like 80 so they just sit there.
no i have to do it all they do not move.
nice my hair is very ver red.
how are you doing today ?
i have been out on the town . it has been a long day .
no . i work with teeth . i just like hanging out .
i do not read a lot . i am usually at the club .
she does her own thing i am sure
wow . do you ever feel like you are looking into the world ?
yes . it is like shakespeare said . the world is a stage and the people are the players .
yeah , for sure . so do you like music ?
hi what do you do
good stuff . you see your friend often ?
do you like sports . i prefer traveling to anything
i typically will go to either ireland or australia
yeah its great . that is where my mother is from
i do not have any siblings . do you like them
i guess that is normal . do you have any hobbies ?
hi ! how are you this evening ?
understood , i have one son and he is a handful by himself .
you need a break ! i learned mine likes video games , so we play together .
i am not into sports either , i would be so lost .
that can be frustrating . i too am a single mom .
that must be confusing . i am sorry .
i understand completely . i never thought parenthood would be loney but it is .
yes ! i feel like i am in some kind of weird in between age group .
good evening , how are you doing ?
i love listening to music when i go on my hikes .
i do odd jobs so i walk a lot . and i mean very odd . . .
one , i go to a house and sit in a hallway of doors .
eh i got three older siblings , nothing really scares me .
you heard of the blood moon ? that is when i was born .
sounds scary does not it ? but nothing scares me .
yes . they like to remind me when i do my odd jobs .
my favorite tv show is game of thrones , whats yours
lol , i have never heard of that show
no , i wish i did , but i am not allowed to have any
i hate those things , i love dogs the most and snakes
that sounds pretty cool , pythons can be really huge
you think that is big , my daddy had one up to 20 ft
yes it was , i hated having to give it the rats and stuff , yuck
hi , how are you tonight ?
doing good , looking at my ex on facebook wishing we were still together .
last month , we work together in publishing . he thought i had too many male friends .
i hope so . he loved when i cooked for him and my family .
i agree . yep i cook everything . do you cook ?
i love to eat , that is why i learned to cook . my mom could not so i had to .
i used to play box , now i just watch tv .
yeah its too cold most of the year to do anything i guess .
hello , am not feeling very fine at all
my dad refused to give me a car to drive to school
i have good grades and serious about books but just refused
i have cried to put away the hunger but it has refused
i love potato chips and chicken
okay after attending to it we can resume our conversation
if they are for business purpose , why get rid of one ?
he is just mean because he has three cars
hello . how are you doing today ?
not bad , what are some of your hobbies ?
every year ? that is a lot . i enjoy listening to classic rock music and watching basketball .
what do you do for a living ?
i work at a shop that makes smoothies and vegetarian food .
yeah , well , vegetarian food is my favorite , so it works well for me .
hey , do you think its weird to like unicorns as an adult ?
well that is a relief . i like other things , too . like playing pool
seafood is okay , but my favorite is Egyptian food .
that is amazing ! my dream is to see the pyramids .
i would love to see the pyramids and write a book about it .
sounds like I should intern at Google first .
thanks i will have to look into it .
sounds like it . better than sitting around here shooting pool .
i am the eldest in my family
i do not know . for 10 years i was a slave .
africa , sold into child slavery , then got married after 10 years later .
my fave color is red . what's your favorite color ?
i do , i have escaped to become a carpenter
wow that is cool ! ! do you like what you do ?
what else do you do ?
that is cool what is your favorite band ?
hey there , have you seen my phone ? or keys ? i just had them !
i am hungry an the best food
all that is a good way to hide it . but the keys ? have ya seen them ?
what do you love to eat most ? when i hike i listen to my fav band
marduk is my all time fav , you seen my phone ?
i swear i am losing my freaking mind .
yes it is ! check them out you wo not be sorry
hello
i am dave .
cali . . . u ?
its been super hot lately . hows the weather there ?
what ocean ?
the atlantic ocean , over by wight bay , southern maryland.
hi how are you today
i am good how is the weather
do you play many games ?
oh i am a pro league of legends player
yeah you have to be on top of your game
with my pro team , my friends are no match
i enjoy my dogs a lot
hello , how are you ? i am a drummer , i am part of an indie band ; what do you do ?
that sounds like a good career . i do not have kids , but i volunteer at the humane society .
close enough , right ? i am in nyc right now sharing an apartment with my twin bro !
i am touring with my band a lot , but when i am not i enjoy gardening .
its an indie band , but we tend to play pink floyd and the doors music lately .
whats something on your bucket list ? for me , its skydiving . i would be ecstatic to partake .
we had a european , north america , and antarctica tour ! that is awesome ! !
hello , how are you doing ?
i like playing games . how about you ?
you like the color green ? like green gummy bears ?
i work the desk at a hotel . you ?
that is cool . what music do you listen to ?
i really like kpop . exo is my favorite
yeah they are ok . what do you do for fun ?
well you are in the right line of work for that ! i play video games like overwatch
what are you up to ?
oh yummy . i am a vegan but i could tear into an animal friendly burrito rn
i did not know their beans were vegan . thanks . i love hiking too
thankfully not . i am in texas though . north texas so i was safe .
it was horrible . i have a lot of accountant coworkers down there .
great for you for stepping up ! i live with my mom . she has a fashion brand
she makes tons of money .
absolutely . then i can stay home and paint like my hero bob ross !
hi ! how are you this evening ?
i hate running . i can get through it with metal music .
i sleep a lot to relax .
that sounds fun . kind of . i have boots i could wear on a farm
i play in a metal band and rock with my spiky hair, I wish I could play in a metal band like you, it seems so cool!
do they have any leather hats i could borrow ?
ask them for me . it would help !
i like leather clothes . leather everything !
hi , how are you doing ?
are you a truck driver ? i work in an md office .
i am a medical assistant , still blue collar but hope to go to nursing school .
what do you like to do for fun ?
reading . hanging out with my dogs . and flowers , especially lilies .
i wish i could grow them . live in an apartment .
no , i mainly ride by bike or take the bart .
bay area rapid transit . i live in san francisco ,
just had my third hamburger of the day ! !
i often eat meat to make up for what i had to eat in the army !
long enough to be a vet . to get the gi bill . i am earning a ba .
my girlfriend loves to garden . i , in turn , love her .
you sound busy . i met someone who worked there . what else you do ?
so at church you are a fisher of men , and also a fisher of time ?
gotcha ! my girlfriend goes to church , but i still love here .
so tell me more about yourself , please .
hi , how are ya sweetie ?
wow , that is a big moment . i wish i had some advice for you
well nothing wrong with that sugar !
accounting . but hobbies mean to me than my job . i am going on a european cruise !
oh cool ! i have always what it would be like to work on a cruise ship
it sounds like you have got alot going for you . i think you would like my cats
i am a breeder for maine coon cats . right now i have about . . . 37 .
hello there , how are you ?
oh , i am doing well , i just got home from work .
oh , you are into computers ? i work as a software engineer at google .
oh , where do you work ? i know there is a vogue office here in seattle .
i visited new york once , they have really good seafood there .
no , i live alone with my cat .
oh . okay , well , to each their own , i suppose .
not really , i spend all day working on computers.
hi how are you doing
i am good getting back from band practice
a small punk band just for fun
its called the purple computers
i do but i prefer writing
i like poetry i think i think it helps with my songs
i do its my main job
hello i live with my twin brother
i love the humane society and all it offers
i enjoy drumming all night
i am in an indie band with my peeps
mine too . that is so awesome is not it
yes i agree teaching does not sound fun
hi how you doing i am fine and you ?
it is so late but that is cool i bet they look nice .
i can respond very great with convincing birds to call me i have a parrot .
yes that is cool i can not see too great my eyesight is not good .
no but i am going to see the eye doctor and get some glasses .
nope i love sewing my own clothes my outfits are unique and flawless .
but it is okay if you like wrestling . that is cool .
hi how are you doing
i am good what do you like to eat
i love to check out new restaurants
that sounds delicious do you go often
awww that is sweet have you visited him before
wow how did you track him down
that is funny i am a banker too
that is nice do you have any pets
hi , i am a single mom with a two year old son .
nice to meet you too . what do you like to do for fun ?
i watch them with my son . i also put him on my horse with me .
i love the beach and collecting seashells . so relaxing .
never had that but it sure sounds nice . i sometimes hold yoga on the beach .
i teach it and my morning classes i love to have on the beach .
hi how are you today ?
i like to garden and exercise including running . you ?
that is cool . do you have any children ? i have 3 !
i do , but i have a fairly long commute . probably about 300 miles per week .
i wished that they did . . do you have any favorite movies ?
fortunately i do . . with me i think its just more luck than skill .
i really like 16 candles and pretty woman are a couple of my favorites
hey , do you want to come over for brunch ?
now if that is okay ? i just have to try and brush my hair first .
i have a jacket i was sewing for you , wear it , it is good luck
it is red . i love it
do you want to eat some onions ?
they are my favorite i cannot believe you
i may have some crystals to make you have better luck .
no not really . but i would watch you . after i garden .
hi how are you doing
i love animals i have three dogs
what hobbies do you have
i like yoga and hiking on the weekends
do you like fairytales
animals are really great i love them
hey , i am a student in class right now . what are you doing ?
haha that means you had good grades right ?
why did not you ? florida is red state . red is my favorite color !
its a shame indeed . hopefully the flooding is not too bad . are you from there ?
that is cool ! ever done any jousting ?
i get it . . i am an only child . whats your favorite type of food ?
hey how are you ?
i am fine . . . i am about to leave for cheer practice soon though p
i am in college . . . i am only 21 . i cheer for my school's football team ! ! !
i would like to think so , but in reality not really . i love the outdoors as well
oh , that sounds fun d guns have always interested me
i do ! i try to help out when I can , but I am usually too busy, but if I had more free time, I would volunteer at an animal shelter.
hello friend how is it going
well i like to do hair , sea going persons
no problem . i can give you the best hair style
awesome , excellent stats . are you gonna play for another team next year
nice , so what do you do for vacation ? do like sailing
okay , we can go fishing sometime then
then we can discuss the hair style you want .
most definitely , i will take along my tools .
hi how are you today
i am alright do you like music ?
i also cook and read ha
mine is normal . are you a mom ?
i bet , i nurse people
it can be very tiring though
i like my books and my food
hi how are you tonight
i am just thinking how i do not want the family business
i do not like people so i stay home
i could try that out maybe
i like to watch netflix you want to
i can only imagine i am a only child
i can imagine you work a lot then
that must be relaxing huh
good evening , how are you today ?
great , recently i enjoyed a private lunch with my friend will ferrell
he is helping me to become a male model in hollywood
no , but my low carb diet may allow for grasshoppers
nope it is not , but i did overcome urinary cancer at age 18 , so no joke please
any thing about jazz , i am the biggest fan of classical music , spooky
cool , did i mention that i know will ferrell ? org , are you jealous ?
hi there ! i am james . how are you ?
just got off work actually . i work at a comic book store .
me too . i was a huge superman fan as a kid .
oh really ? what kind of doctor is your dad ?
nice ! i taught my son to play music with his arm pits . some dad , right ?
my girlfriend did not think so . she said i was too immature .
about a year . but its over . i cheated on her with her cousin .
hey what's going on today ?
me too she said she would bring home some ham and cheeses
no i am home i am 10
i played with my best friend his name is jorge
i want to be a fireman or orthopedic surgeon
i have a dog . a bichon frise
aw cute . so what do you do for fun . any hobbies ?
i have played football , soccer , baseball , and tennis . do not play too much anymore though
hi . how are you today ?
good . i just got finished walking my 2 dogs . i also have 4 cats .
do you have any other hobbies besides baking ?
i enjoy skiing and skating . and shopping .
oh . my aunt is a teacher .
i like flowers , but not as much as I like shoes . i have 30 pair .
my favorite are leather . i just love the smell .
so do i ! i think i have 2 pair .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am fine but summers almost over and i still do not know how to swim
i agree . i just always had to work . got a job early when i was young
no , no pets . i am a meat eater and i would feel guilty
i had to hunt too . my mom passed in 1979 so i had to feed myself
yes i like books . i have not read that one though
that sounds like a nice one . i will check it out sometime
hey how is it going today ?
i am doing great chief , just got back from work .
all sorts of stuff , mostly barbeque
two dogs they are the best , how about you ?
that is really cool , do you work with animals at your job ?
right on , do you have a lot of pets ?
hi , i never leave my house . this is how i meet new people .
i was kidnapped as a child . so going out is scary .
of course i am a real person .
my sister who i live with provide me with all my needs though so its okay .
i am getting much better . tell me about you .
are you a barista ?
what do you do to unwind ?
hi ! how are you ? what do you like to do ? are you in school ?
i am infatuated with reading , i have been reading since about 3 years old !
yea , i am watching black sails right now ! i will be finishing my 3rd book later
no , maybe i will . i try to read about 3 of them a week . you in school ?
high school was boring for me , i ended up dropping out , but got my ged
i am a single , stay at home mom
just one , 18 month old daughter
yes , she is so intelligent , it blows me away
hello , i am annie from spain .
i work with lots of different animals .
yes , i am . what do you do ?
oh , very cool . i like hip hop
i am from barcelona . de donde esta ?
oh , my five children and husband all speak spanish as well .
yes , which is where i discovered vegan food .
no , what do you like to eat
hi how was your day ? i just got home from volunteering .
that sounds more fun than my factory job !
i enjoy joking around with friends and telling jokes , you ?
that sounds like fun ! i would love to change the world through volunteering .
well that is still nice to help out the family .
i do sometimes , i recently visited myrle beach .
hi how are you doing
do you play a lot ?
cool do you have any pets
that is cool i really want a cat
yeah hopefully do you like art
i like to draw cartoon animals
yeah i am obsessed with my little pony
hi , nice to meet you . i do not speak english well yet
are you local to los angeles ? i just come here from tokyo .
how nice i pass sunset while i walk my dog after work everyday .
i love to dance and sing for children , I wish I could have pursued a career in acting like you.
yes of course . me want to know
i will have to try that out with my dog
my american dream is to be an actor . what is yours ?
hi , are you having a good day ?
i do when i have time
i stay at home with my kids but my husband works . what do you do ?
i am overwhelmed , pregnant and husband might loose job , a lot to process
i mean art relaxes me , i just never have time to enjoy it
sounds nice , my husband is an engineer and so he gets up super early
sounds like the opposite of my life . are you married ?
oh ok , so i represent what you can look forward to , get on meds now . . .
hello , do you have any pets ?
nice , i am more of a cat person though . i have 23 of them
yes, but I do not see them often , I travel around the world on my boat
i travel around the world to try out all kinds of vegan food
yes, I enjoy a lot of types of food , just not fish
no, I do not like to swim , do you play any sports ?
i enjoy playing soccer , it reminds me of my cats with yarn
what do you do with your dogs ?
hello how are you doing today ?
good just got done reading one of my favorite books anne of green gables
ll do you have any pets ? i am thinking about buying a pot-bellied pig, I wish I could have a pet pig like you plan to get.
what do you do for a living ?
ll . . . that is funny . i just bought some really nice office furniture
well i also have won a beauty pageant and you ?
hello how are you today
that is good ! i am doing great thanks .
gonna read enders game for the fifth time i love this book
med school wow congrats . do you like sci fi
you should check out this book you might like it too
i understand school can be very time consuming . i joined the air force after graduation
yeah i got discharged after i got back from the war
i am just chatting a bit before I go fishing . how are you ?
i never study , no need in my job at the deli counter .
that is cool , but i prefer to study the guitar . i am just learning .
what kind of art do you like ?
my favorite artist is actually a musician Jimi Hendrix . do you like him ?
yeah he is super cool .
hello . do you like to read ?
that is awesome . i would like to be a librarian and love books .
no but i would like to .
those are great . i watch them at times .
i do need to get more fit but do not run right now .
i love that . i drink it myself .
hey how are you doing today ?
sounds fun what you end up getting
that good just reading about to eat a salad
oh my sounds good . traffic was so bad on my way home .
diabetic got to watch what i eat and do you read ?
antiques are nice i should go see what they got in town sometime
well traffic always bad and i get by listening to radio
what your cat name and i like live radio host
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing fine , glad to hear you are doing well .
i do not currently work , spending all my time studying in medical school .
really stressful , but it is worth the work .
all college is expensive , but at least one day i will be saving lives .
i help my mom with her baking and watch old movies . you ?
that sounds like a lovely place to live , is it warm all year ?
hello ! how are you today ?
aw , but they are so cute ! we had a few on the farm !
i could go for a taco ! good stuff !
well , i am getting used to city life after moving far from home .
its not too bad , get a lot of kissed by fire comments nowadays . they are okay !
i agree ! where do you live ?
hey hows it going ? i am just cooking a steak
oh cool do you like music ? i like rock
oh nice do you swim ? i never learned how
nice i am planning on taking my tahoe camping soon
that is too bad i am taking my grandpa he is a war vet
yes hopefully he will . this has been a pretty laid back weekend
oh i am sorry you did not get to enjoy your weekend more
thank you . you as well i am probably gonna look for a football game to watch
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh yeah ? practice for what ?
do you sing or dance or what ?
i bet . i do not think i would ever be able to do that .
do you have a lot of dogs . i only have one .
do you like to eat pizza ?
honestly , i like any food that is even remotely italian .
do you mean making it or eating it ?
hey there . so what do you like to do ?
i sew , like me some katy perry , and i hunt for my grub .
really ? nice . do you have a lot of friends ?
i bet they are better than the ones in the store .
what is your favorite ? apple , cherry , peach . . . ?
nice way to change the subject lol .
that sounds yummy . now i am hungry .
did you watch the voice today ? it was so good !
right ? what were you doing then ?
i love to eat ! i travel overseas at least once a year to try new cuisine.
anywhere that has good food and museums.
it will happen ! you will meet the right person someday.
not yet , i just graduated princeton so that ate up a lot of my time.
i did ! thank you so much.
hopefully to canada , i hear they have good museums.
hi , it is nice to meet you . do you go to school around here ?
oh , do you work ? i had to go to school . professional parents and all .
i admire you staying home . i am employed at a daycare after school
sure , i guess . i major in business administration .
i do not find much time for it . i do not imagine you do either ?
my mom teaches first grade , maybe she has taught your children .
what grade is your oldest in ?
it was nice talking . i have a class to get to though .
hi , want to go running with me ?
do you happen to be single ?
i am , i want to have a boyfriend , but my relationships never end well
i am really unsure .
baseballs . i like sports a lot .
do your rocks smell funny ?
hmm i do not know what that smells like .
i am so so tired today
my kids are acting so crazy
i have a lot of them haha
5 . is that too much ?
lol , it is a pain
you could cook for me while i practice violin
i only want food for me
i am not a clown , nursing is what i do
hey how is it going ?
i am good , watching stuff on youtube , for video games
i just watched the trolls movie lol
yeah it was really nice , a little cheesy and romantic
i love my hair , its really long
i hate that it gets in the way when i cook
well , i hate having to cook , i burn everything
hey . how are you doing today ?
that is really sweet . what do you do for fun ?
oh that is interesting . i play games , pro and for fun
it really helped with my introversion . i love league of legends
i am sorry to hear about your dad . do you have any pets ?
i am a huge dog lover ! yes i have one
i am actually single . i am ready to date
oh i bet you look gorgeous now ;
hi there , how is your night going ?
i am sorry . you want to come over and watch pretty woman . best movie of all time
oh that is okay . do you eat the fish ? i am vegan myself
do you enjoy to read ? i could read while you fish ?
i guess my 2 smart phones would not work very well at the cabin would they
i have a lot of people at the hospital that their phones do not work .
i need 2 being a registered nurse .
i like it . you be exactly who you are
do you ever feel like you have been here before ?
me too . do you like social situations ? they make me anxious .
i worked out today but its hard for me . i have ocd .
with my mild ocd its hard for me to touch things others have .
i eat a lot of cuban when i go to florida .
i do enjoy the odd film .
i work as an accountant , freelance .
it pays the bills for sure .
hi how are you today
what are you studying then
hi how are you today
but you did not answer which is rude .
what kind of pasta specifically
oh do you play sports
oh did you go to college
i am from the miami university
good morning how are you
i love red meat and the voice
i love swimming on the weekends
nice i also enjoy reading
a little bit of everything
but i mostly read manuals for the navy
i work there so there is that . . .
i like to keep up on things
hello , how are you today ?
my girlfriend loves that show , i go home when it comes on .
i think i interviewed a few cast members for our paper .
my daughter is as well . she plays eight instruments .
i hear that a lot from my friends who did band .
i know it kept a lot of my friends away from alcohol . not me . .
i only drink , been trying to quit since i retired from the paper .
it sure can . do you like to surf ?
hello . what are you up to today ?
i am just hanging out at home right now .
i have not worked outside the home too much either .
ok my husband likes to work on computers .
i love to listen to music too .
my mom has problems with blood sugar also .
not too much . you have a great day .
make sure you take care of yourself .
hi , i am a health buff and i lift weights and do 100 squats a day
3 years , working toward entering the police academy in the summer .
thanks i have to . i drink protein power mixed with my shakes .
yeah that is awesome . do you watch mma ?
that is not so bad . my prize possession is my bowie knife .
that is awesome . i do nothing with water when i drink my protein powder .
never i use shakes or use almond milk
hello , i am from london , england !
yummy ! do you like comedy ?
i really enjoy comedy . but i like the outdoors as well .
so do i . however , i am also a model building enthusiast .
i have a cat too , since i lost both my parents in an accident .
thank you . do you enjoy camping ? i like to camp .
is it a four door or two door ?
hi there i am a huge animal fan , do you have animals
oh no , my father is alive and used to work for ge .
i really like all animals , i aspire to become a singer so animals will follow me .
it is but for right now i really like to play tennis .
cool , maybe i can come sometime ?
i think so too , when would be a good time ?
i think my karate lessons start next week . . .
ok awesome then because i have late classes .
hey , how is it going ?
good , what about you ? doing ok ?
why is that ? are you alright ?
oh well maybe it is both you like ?
you should not worry , you deserve to be happy
do you feel that way ? possibly
well do some inner searching within yourself
any time , do you have any pets ?
hello . would not mind speaking to a normal person tonight .
well i am a business man internationally classified as a genius knowing 300 languages ?
nice ! i have a few mansions around but do not live in them . crazy right ?
we all have our kinks . so you ever go to school ?
how was school ? i am curious since i never experienced it .
pretty pleasant . the orphanage tried to homeschool . wish i knew my parents though .
it was horrible . i knew more than they were capable of teaching me .
i have the bluest eyes and beautiful curly brown hair . i am so beautiful ! ! !
i have so much money ! i get to travel all over . are you jealous ?
ha gameshow money . poor people dreams , my dog collie makes 1 billion a day
i snack on gold leafs between meals while listing to country to remind me of poor people
oh you do pottery how quant . you might be able to be one of my servants
i actually invented my own language with money this is how it in my country
just so you know you are talking to queen damzelwashinton
how dare you guards fin this person and have them removed
hi there , do you love are like me ?
i misspelled the word art , sorry
lottery is fun , what is your favorite fruit ?
i do not like them , they give me anxiety
being a full-time mom is the root cause
nice my husband works all day
too long i am pregnant again .
no it gives me so much anxiety
how are you doing today ?
i am fine , thanks for asking . just watching tv .
probably just a lazy day . how about you ?
that sounds nice . do you have any hobbies ?
absolutely love hiking , i used to gamble alot but i stopped .
that is true . habla espanol ?
i am fluent . any other hobbies ?
that is cool . i love shoe shopping too ! ! !
hi , how are you this evening ?
whats your job ? i am a ballerina . have been my whole life .
you like archery then ? dance has been my whole life . my mother was a dancer .
i love it . and my whole family has been super supportive .
oh no , that is not good . you have to take care of yourself .
that is hard . i will be retired in 6 months and may have to cut back myself .
not quite my ride of choice , but i bet you will have fun .
hi , do you have any neat hobbies ?
cool . . . i like dancing swimming with sharks
its definitely a thrill . i am an artist and you ?
i can definitely understand that
i used to be the same way , then i stepped out the box and never looked back
nope no pets , do you ?
true lol . where are you from ?
i am originally from dallas but now i live in los angeles
hi , how are you today ?
good , baking a wedding cake for a friends wedding tomorrow .
i was in drama club , but now i just go watch instead of act in plays .
that is cool , you like chemistry ?
i like being at the park . is that a science ? lol .
no , not currently . do you ?
how long have you had maddie ?
the sunshine state , is that florida ?
yes , i lived in south florida for years .
hey good afternoon , how are you ?
no my belly hurts i drank a lot last night
lol you can try too i was a orphan
i was a foster child but my life is good !
why ? i am a navy girl . like whittling ?
why ? i went to college and got a degree
lol well they are not friends
that is nice lol what kind ?
hello , what are you up to today ?
cool ! i have been out swimming , and then i had to walk my four dogs .
what kinds of things do you cover on your youtube channel ?
i have never heard of that .
i wish I could make money on youtube .
is it your main source of income ?
i am a swimming instructor .
yes , i have . i was actually attacked by one . that is how i lost my little toe .
hey . how are you doing this afternoon ?
i am well . just practicing my lines
why yes i am . i am a regular on a popular soap opera
that sounds very old fashioned . you do realize that it is 2017 ?
haha . i would definitely buy an encyclopedia from you . any hobbies ?
i do improv nights at a local theatre . just cant get enough of the stage
you have to get it how you live . knowledge
i am happy to be retired from teaching but miss it , how r u ?
wow , that is sounds cool , do you both work well together
cool would love to hear ya sing , i enjoy riding horses
really , my fav flower is a rose . i love being in the kitchen baking
well come over , i will bake something for ya
yes they are and i can make both , baking deserts are fun
just pratice something simple like a butter cake and pratice
well its raining quite a bit
do you like pasta ? i love spaghetti and meatballs
no , but both of my mothers do .
no , i do not care about what other people think
i am a nerd with a rocket scientist for a boyfriend . who cares ?
well that is good . i was looked at for having two mothers
it does . luckily i have a bad memory so it does not stick
why is that ? are you a movie star ?
hello , i am outside with my cat , what are you doing
i do not like beer but i do pasta
oh , sounds like you work hard , i am retired
i swim at the pool , go outside , and play with my cat
i like a lot of music especially britney spears
i never played billiards , i am an outside person
i was like that until i retired , now i can even sleep late
you will get there and then enjoy it like i do
yesterday my parrot scared one of my dogs , it was so funny .
does your music class teach jazz ? we had that when i was younger .
for some reason that reminded me of the bad accident i had in a parade .
imagine a marching bad stampede . now my knee is almost all metal .
if you are sick i hope you have a wonderful family taking care of you too .
we always have meals together and tried vegan once . the dogs hated it .
does she get shots too ? one of my three dogs has diabetes as well .
those are good results . our family takes good care of our dogs .
if there is a good family atmosphere we might try sda .
hey , what brings you to the archery range today ?
new class for me . love it ! i do not like sports but am good at this
i work in an office without much time to get out . i enjoyed the summer
i do . i wish i had more time to practice but work is busy
i agree . if they were faster i could practice and keep improving !
no i do not , who is that ?
my only dreams have been being top of my sport ! do you like sports ?
i never liked them before and was always on the computer in the office . times change
i cant wait to get this cast off of my arm . how are you ?
mountain biking accident . it's the 2nd time I broke it in the same place .
i have 3 brothers and 3 sisters who are all nurses and doctors
i am very social and outgoing but i only speak English
my parents got divorced 20 years ago and just got remarried last week .
hey teach me mandarin ! i wish I could speak it and I want to go to China, and maybe read a book about Chinese history.
i became a widow a few months ago and now I want to travel the world .
she was abducted by aliens and yes, I am looking for that special someone .
hi how are you today
what kind of food was it ?
yeah i love cigs a lot more
i do two packs a day teach me
that is okay teach me to quit
it was raining . i drink lots of alcohol too
yeah do you reincarnate yourself
yeah but i wanna come back a hippo
hello
good . what are your hobbies ?
i like strange music
i like iceland so icelandic i guess
i like to write in cursive
shrimp , i love the cold .
how are you doing
that is cool i am just watching the news to see how bad fl got hit
i wanted to but i do not know how to go about it
caribbean got hit worse then fl 36 people died
the news it is talking about that
its sad it makes u want to cry
what a day ! i just came in from horseback riding
i bet you have a lot of girlfriends . i do but us argentinians are lovers
that great . do you have chef ? i would love to have that cooked me steak everyday
japan ? wow . i would love to visit there
oh i would love to . we should schedule a time
like from the vegas movies ? oh wait that is danny ocean
what the name of your latest song ?
excellent . there are some great places to film
do you have any fun hobbies ?
i do not . but i bike . i love to bike
who is merna ? that is inappropriate . i do not . but i cook . i dislike carrots
i do not . but i wear contact lenses . they help me see better
whoa ! i am a student . and one with brown hair .
i did not hear anything . but boy do i love cake
it was good talking with you !
good luck with life my friend
how's it going ? do you have any plans for the weekend ?
hiking is a blast . me and my family go hiking when we go camping .
yeah . my wife and my son and daughter are going camping up junction creek .
cook dinner over the campfire , stargaze , and tell ghost stories . its great fun .
that is because they are real ; what do you do for work ?
which one ? i deliver baked goods that my wife helps bake . its a family business .
sounds delicious ! my daughter wants to be a vet , its a great career choice .
i love fashion since i was young . that is why i moved to ny .
how many daughters ? i will be a designer like coco chanel someday .
i can imagine ! when i shop i get so inspired to design new girls styles .
you do , too ! once i finish design school i will make you an outfit .
far from here , but i live in ny now because this school is amazing .
is it hot there ? i imagine it is much hotter than ny .
i will make you a skirt , alexander mcqueen style for summer .
like music ? i do i wanna join this band
come check me out , i learned the piano real young .
i am wit it i do not eat anything from animals , i use too . cali
you heard of a system of a down ?
i have like 9 guitars , cool you are familiar
i have 1 small 1 lol i know i need more .
hi there ! how are you today ? ?
hi , joe ! i am dana . . . i work in a bookstore . what do you do ?
we have that in common then ! books and stories have always been my passion
who knows ? ! never say never !
no problem , i took no offense ! where do you live ? i live in the city .
i work close to home , within walking distance ! i do not even need to drive .
no kids yet ! . did not have much family life growing up , was just me and my mom .
well , i am an avid reader ! haha . i really like art too .
hi there ! do you work ?
sorry to hear that . my grandchildren are everything to me !
i quilt quite a bit and relax to classical music after work ! you ?
agree ! i spent lots of time in mexico in my youth , i was a wild child !
i am a pharmacist ; i finally grew up !
mine is medium rare steak !
sounds perfect to me ! any children ?
that is funny ! too bad , maybe someday you will !
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
is it a civic though
nice do you ever cook
i make food very often
what do you read often
nice do you work then
what are you studying then
tracy here . i just finished working out . how are you ?
i not going to work tomorrow because have a flat . lucky me .
play any sports . i am a rugby fan myself . our team won today . no aaa here .
i am a kid at heart . i still like frisbees and kites . any hobbies ?
jack my neighbor is a tennis buff . he is here when he is not at home .
i should add tennis to my workout . whaddaya think ? not ! rugby fan all day .
ever visit florida ? rugby is as rough as you make it . i love it .
my team beat jacks and he told me to go fly a kite . go figure !
i really like vanilla cake an my 1 sister
darn i take care of both my parents
i am getting a degree i am almost done
yes they are i love my nice an nephew
business law , i am so excited its over
lol its about over now
hello , would you like to go to a concert ?
i think i will ponder that for a while .
do they have any about philosophy ? that is my major at umass .
yes , they could be . i know a good vegan restaurant we could go to after .
i keep an angel on my hip to remind me to eat right .
it is a little tattoo . it has brown eyes , like mine .
just going to concerts . the rest of the time i am philosophizing .
that sounds nice . if you walk briskly it could keep you in shape .
hi how are you today
doing ok my deadbeat dad is still trying to call me
that is cool beat you are both glad and sad
i do not have any pets i wish i did sometimes
yeah do you like to travel ?
i want to go to rome but do not have anyone to go with
yeah but no one can take off work or pay to go with me
hi how are you doing today ?
very cool , what are you playing ?
ll i bet ! whats your hobbies ?
i drive fast sports cars for fun
i kind of like everything . you ?
very true . cher is my hero .
nice ! whats your favorite color ?
hey , i am female , my hobbies are sports , cars and video games .
how old are you , i am 14 .
not a chain smoker fan . my 3 best friends live on my block .
sorry to hear , on weekends we research race cars all day . you ?
sorry , my family consists of mom and grandparents , we live together .
it is nice to have family around .
yes , family can be overbearing at times .
hi how are you doing this morning ?
dogs are awesome ! i am just getting home from work
sounds like fun , that is actually what i ll be going to college for
yes i see that , i am making some vegan pancakes for breakfast
what age groups do you tutor ?
vegan is actually very good tasting and healthy
sounds good , well if you ever have car troubles my dad can help
hello there ! what do you do for a living ?
wow that sounds interesting ! i love animals so i am a petsitter, if I could, I would love to work with animals like you do as a petsitter.
ha ha ! read any good books lately ? my favorite is the tale of genii .
you must be intelligent . my father is pretty smart , he is a college professor .
it is ! he does not like my purple hair though .
thank you ! are your parents alive ? my mom died when i was six .
no worries . its been lovely chatting with you !
good afternoon how are you
it is way too hot to run in louisiana
i love my friends and food
we have something in common
oh yes . i am looking for friends
i am bored and wait tables
yes and i sale people homes
hi how are you today ? .
i am good this morning . what are your interests
country is so beautiful , hiking is fun . i love to go for drives all the time .
haha , so does my husband . not my thing . i like movies or reading book series .
i am a stay at home mom . taking care of the kids is full time job . you ?
yes . its worth daydreaming about . watch midnight in paris . its a great movie
i have never seen before sunrise , that is paris as well right ? i love movies
a family company ! that is fun or stressful ?
hi ! how are you today ?
www , that sucks . my dogs usually keep me happy .
that is awesome . i love running with them , they train me for marathons .
so tell me about yourself . my hair is red , and i am into tall guys .
that is cool . do you have any hobbies ?
that is cool . like i said , i am an avid runner , its my passion .
i live on an american cattle farm
my age is two less than 23
i lead cheers for a football team
i like to be in the countryside
i like to do camping
i habit a american farm for cattle
next year i will be 22 years old
hello , it is raining cats and dogs here . how are you ?
i am a coupon person too , if only I could find some for art supplies.
i like cheeseburgers when they are cheap .
i do the same , especially the free items . makes me feel good about spending money
i do too , mainly my detergents . it is taking over my music room ,
yes , they are . my last guitar was paid for by the money i saved using coupons .
i do not have time to shop much any more , i am in the gym daily .
how are you doing today ?
i am just hanging out with my cat
i have a shop , i like to make clothes and sew
i am a curvy woman with long brown hair
sure ! where are we going to go ?
i would want to go get something to eat
i love to try new things i like eggs benedict
i also love crepes they are amazing
hi there , i am bob .
do you have any pets ?
that is cool , i like to sleep in .
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i really really like hot dogs.
so does my therapist , that is great .
i have no emotions like computers .
hello , how are you ? what do you do ? i am a nurse , myself
the emergency room i work in is also very demanding , what do you do ?
that is neat . after our divorce , my wife went into finance as well
i spilled dr pepper on it , had to buy a prepaid to get by
i tend to lean the other way . . mostly for ethical reasons
usually i will grab a dr pepper , and watch comedies
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . busy planning my trip to europe
milan and paris because i love shopping on the weekends !
i love going to dance lessons with my boyfriend , keeping active
we have dogs too , only reasons we will never go on a cruise ship
a big great dane . makes me feel teeny though i have a womanly figure of size 12
i do not work , i just play !
wow . you should come to our dance class and mix in some juggling
hi , just taking a break online after shopping on qvc !
don t laugh now but it s called celebration fl , though not much going on !
even though i m a shopaholic i tend to shop online and designer resale shops
i have 2 kids as well . i m married to a great woman , how about you ?
that can be a sign of early dementia . i just a blog about that !
my blog covers modern life so yes i m into movie music and books
i like war movies . saving private ryan was great .
you too . have a good day at work at aldis tomorrow
hi there how are you ?
just finished eating with a couple friends heading home
o really and hows that lol
really i need to go shopping i only have 1 pair left of shoes
comfortable ones lol but i could use some running ones and dress up
no what is the best part about the south ?
that is awesome . do you eat shellfish down south that is one thing i cant i am allergic
yes that and cats give me the worst allergic reaction
hi what are your hobbies
have you ever bet on them ?
are they really good ? could you sell them ?
i love betting on horses , they have made me lots of money
one of my teachers , which became a good friend of mine helped me start up a casino
nope , but use to own a casino in austin
i got roses from an attorney once , when i filed for bankruptcy
donald trump and i have a lot in common
hi , derek here . . you a superman fan ? i was a huge fan as a child
ok , i am still amazed at his flying ability , even though i am terrified of heights lol
whats your best talent lol
huh . well i can make my arm pits fart ;
possibly , could be the reason all of ex girlfriends have cheated on me ?
oh i love dogs , what kind do you have
oh i like that name .
hey , how are you today ?
that sounds nice . i am painting my long nails orange .
how fun ! i love pink too . it is the color of my moped .
probably ! even though i love bright colors , i do not wear makeup
i am not married , but i love doing fun things .
me too . i also love rock music and am in a band
how cool . what is your favorite thing to cover ?
i do not own a car , only my moped
hello , how are you doing ?
oh great choice ! one of my favorites i just put my daughter to bed .
she is 1 and a half . do you have any children ?
that is awesome . purple is my favorite color .
it is not my daily driver but i do have a purple car yours is blue ! ?
do you like the blue song ?
when i was younger it was one of my favorites lol .
awesome ! so what do you do for work ? I wish I could sing like Elvis.
hello how are you today ?
i am great just playing with my tool
i am building a computer with my tool
i love tools and i love flying my own plane
i dropped out of school to fly
of course i am i like reading
hi how are you doing ?
i am good . just got back from my weekly book club .
interesting ! you must really enjoy cooking !
i like to take walks with my mom , her and i are very close like best friends .
i do not really like tv too much . i prefer to spend time on my phone .
what is the show about ?
cool ! do you have any pets ?
i like dogs , but i am really more of a cat person .
hello there . what are you up to today ?
great other than my cat driving me crazy .
my cat makes fun of me because my eyes are different colors !
blue and hazel , but i feel unique , not a freak show , but my cat does not understand .
i am 33 and my entire family is silly . how old are you ?
that is a good age . i hope to get there one day .
hi . my name is rob and i enjoy listening to gangster rap music ! it is true .
nice to meet you jasmine . i lift weights but i would consider doing yoga too .
my kids are 7 and 5 . my car is fast but not with them in it !
all kids can ! so my fast car ? it is black . do you have a car ?
that is great . 2pac is my favorite artist .
california love is my favorite song of all time ! what music do you like ?
that is important . i did meditation on an app on my phone before .
what else do you like to do ?
hello and good afternoon to you
i am training to be a doctor maybe i can help
congrats , hope she says yes
pre-marital relations you are naughty ;
i love it , true dogma
all of the above and can't forget about jay
good stuff ! i love dogs and dogs love me
great i am a student will graduate in a few years
how are you doing today
i am great . i just went for a run .
yes , but you can not feel it after you have been running for a while .
yeah , i guess i should think about that .
i do not have time . i wish though .
i do . bruno mars is great .
who do you like to listen to
hi there how are you ?
i hate myself for being a vegan
i have nine guitars , you can have one .
i am listening to system of a down , i wonder if your cat would like them
you should learn to play the piano , i have done it since i was six .
i want to start a band one day .
what kind of help do you need ?
i need to find something to eat for dinner . ll .
sonic , dairy queen , mcdonald . and some ratchet place called whataburger . ll .
i loathe their food . and the company in general . i miss crystals , an checkers .
i prefer foods that are good for my skin which leaves out most fast food .
yeah . i do not get that many hours at the grocery store . but i get discounted groceries .
haha . my passion is my acting , but it does not always pay the bills .
good morning , how are you ?
i am good . just seen my husband and 5 kids off out the door
you ever seen any spanish movies ? there are some good ones from spain . i was born there
could you consider being a veterinarian as a hobby ?
agreed , that and a healthy diet i say ! i am personally a vegetarian
i love green tea . what else do you love ?
wow ! ! if i did not have such a large family , maybe i would have time for that
visit my birth country every now and again , you ever been to spain ?
hello , would you like a kit kat bar ?
no ! you cannot have it ! unless you are one of my loved ones . . .
just unsociable . but i cannot disappoint those who i love .
no , i just try to learn everything , yet i know nothing .
hear my manly roar . i will roar for anything sweet .
no , i was born as a very young child in a hospital .
i thought you were born in africa
just feeling a bit unsociable . is it coming through ?
ugh , searching for a job is so exhausting ! ya know ?
oh definitely . i have not worked for some time now . its taken its toll on my kids
i hope so . i have talents i am fluent in three languages !
haha ! i used to drive a vw bus , around the country to rush concerts . lol ! !
oh yeah ? i do not let my kids any of that crap . you should cut it out !
only cos i have to . kids gotta eat !
mmmm yum ! i sure do love spaghetti
that is easy . only 7 layers , ha ha ha
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
panman would have to be my favorite .
i spend most my free time playing chess . i do not have time for silly games .
i am a gm with a 2640 fide rating .
are you typing using brain power right now ?
no , i need to though . i heard it was not very good .
yeah , everyone i talked to said the documentary sucked .
haha , why do not you use your brain power to lift this mountain dew to my lips .
hello !
good , same here , my best friend lives in a big city and i just visited with him
what did you do at the gym ? i know working at a grocery store is enough
same , my mother like to grow plants in her garden so i am eating them now
ahahah , my mother is a social worker for the schools so she always brings home strays
i do , i grew up listening to metallica ! thank you father
hello , how are you today ?
i have a goal to climb mount everest . do you have a goal ?
i accomplished another goal was to shoot a lion
that was a great day in africa for me
that is nice . when i watch gone with the wind i cry
i live life to the fullest , i play with clay models
really ? i wish i was a good artist though .
what kind of photos do you take
that is nice i want to get into photography
hey . how are you doing today ?
no problem . so what do you do for fun my guy ?
i like fishing . i live near the gulf of mexico . how about yourself ?
nice i am in mississippi . do you work ?
do you consider yourself a good person ? how did you get into that line of work ?
oh . you sound like a friendly guy . old people get on my nerves though
i guess so . i lived with my grandparents and they pretend like they cant hear or see .
yeah i bet it does . wow , 96 years old
hi . i just got a new kitten .
my fave cartoons are from japan .
i am an artist so i like to illustrate my friends as cartoons , especially horse characters .
i have fun being weird .
i draw all my friends like my little pony . i will draw you
will you watch anime with me ? i like anime
i am in 3rd grade too
hi how are you doing today ?
nothing much . just taking a little break from reading .
i love to read . i have read a lot of books . what music do you like ?
nice ! this weather is driving me crazy it is too warm !
i really do not like hot weather ! it is cool your perform !
what else to do you like to do other than music ?
i enjoy being with friends and family when i am not reading .
I wish I could travel all around the world like you.
hi ! i love cuddling with my dog , do you have a dog ?
mine too ! i love dogs !
i am sorry , i am glad my mom can reach the cookie jar for me .
that sounds delicious ! my favorite is m m chocolate chip .
i am a student , and i am usually late to class !
i bet you have beautiful hair . my fav car is a porsche , what is yours ?
that is great , i hope to have my debts paid soon .
thank you . i love to lie in the night and look at the stars , do you ?
aloha , how are you doing today ?
kauai , actually . good guess though . and you ?
probably not right now though .
i have been to florida only once , for a roller derby competition . what is your passion ?
i am a sunset gal myself . love to sit alone and listen to the nature around me .
agree . beautiful . seeing it in person there is no replacement for that .
hey there , how are you
i am doing well , watching some funny movies on my night off
i have been watching the friday movies , whats your favorite movie ?
its not a half bad movie , like some movies after games are
its a little on the violent side , do you like any sports ?
i play tennis a lot , participate in tournaments
for my league yes , but obviously not enough to be famous
sometimes when i am not overly tired
hi ! what are you doing ? i am watching anime . i like it .
cool . do you enjoy my little pony like i do ?
i do not write but i draw . i make all of my friends my little pony characters .
sorry to hear . how do you feel about cats ? i like them .
i see . i do like cars . i want a corvette as well !
sure why not ? ! are you almost done with the book ?
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
hey , how are you ? did you get to go to the beach before summer ends ?
no way ! i am also a wedding planner . i love it .
dancing to 80s music at weddings is great exercise .
i did not like my last job at the cable company as much .
i do like yellow . my dog george is wearing a yellow scarf right now .
have you ever seen one ? i thought i did , while riding my bike .
my mom and my brother joe have both seen one . scary stories .
hi there . how are you ?
that is so nice ! are you currently in school ?
i imagine so . i hope to make an impact one day with computer science .
i mostly use mine to play games online . do you have any hobbies ?
you will find someone . i hope i do in college .
i will keep that in mind !
hi there how are you ?
pretty good , i am kinda tired i just got done at the gym
i am not disciplined enough for that , i have to go to the gym lol
oh no , that is not good ! what gets you through it ?
that is good , whenever my anxiety gets to me i take a drive
yeah they are , it helps my bf has a ferrari that he lets me drive
hi , what are you up to ?
i am taking a break from playing video games . i really get into them .
always unless its a game that i need to talk to other people .
sometimes . what do you like to do in your free time ?
i like to sketch and read comic books .
i do not really have one . i like all food .
mmmm that sounds great ! now i am hungry !
hi ! how are you doing tonight ?
i am good , playing video games as always .
that is a shame . but at least you have ever had a job .
that is ok . time to build yourself back
it happened to my mom , and now she works at apple !
you should try to listen to some rock . it blows , it is my favorite !
ah ok . . . what else do you like ?
almost saturday , time to get my nails done .
i am a legal secretary . i wish . i just answer the phone for some lawyers .
the paris of the mississippi dubuque .
well , its on the mississippi . where are you ?
everyone in this chat is from cali . . . . cornia . where in cali . . . fronnia ?
san diego ? la ? santa barbara ? montecito ?
does not oprah live in montecito ? nope . need to go .
i get my nails done every week . have to take care of them , so , no hobbies .
hello how has your night been ?
www no fun is Steven your friend ? i do not have many friends myself . so I read a lot
read I meant . true and being stuck in this wheelchair does not help matters .
I suppose being antisocial is not helping . what do you do ?
yum . sounds great . one of my favorite foods
a four-wheeler accident .
hello how are you doing today ?
i am stuck inside raining i would rather be in the great outdoors
funny fact i own alpacas ten of them
it is but i work on my citys council so it is a nice release
you will get there what do you like to eat ?
i like organic locally grown stuff i am probably a tree hugger
i think so plus moss is soft and smells good ll
mostly when you get older you hang with people like you
hi i just got back from a walk
i needed that because of my small bakery
my son really nights are and i love laughing
probably well my husband is working for the rommel
how do you like that movies
that s a good way to be multitasking you do a lot of things
that s pretty good at this you are busy
what do usually do for fun
hi , i like to cook healthy
i am good how are you ?
no i like to go to bars
that is too bad . i enjoy dating nice women
not usually i go to work out at the gym
that is impressive . you should record an original song
that is good you should be a comedian
i like cooking good healthy foo
hello , how are you doing ?
i have to be careful when camping , for bears . i cannot see more than 200 feet ahead
its sad , but i never really learned how to write
do you have any pets ? i have cats . . six of them
my high school sweetheart . . who i married is too
some do i guess , but dogs are fun
hello how are you doing ?
just getting ready to go to a dance with some friends .
sound a bit strange but it also sounds fun
sounds nice i would love to live on a farm . lots of room to exercise .
would love to have all that room to run but i would hate to move schools
i just go walk around the wal mart parking lot
think so too but it is right next to us so it is easy to get to
hi , i just got back from beauty school .
what are you up to today ?
i am watching youtube , do you watch youtube ?
i have a youtube channel with over fifty thousand subscribers .
i love cats too , my cat's name is nala
that made me hungry lol
you should watch make-up tutorials on youtube
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i do not have to work today either .
i usually order pizza at least once . and rest .
i have never been to vancouver . i live in fl , usa .
i live in key largo !
of course it does . key lime is my favorite .
what is your favorite color ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is nice . are you a christian ? i am .
you do . i like horses but i really love football and cold weather .
my dad worked for microsoft and i am following in the it world .
oh no ! you teach horses tricks for a living ?
cool . i am sorry to hear that . terrible in what way ?
so you are a writer also ? what is the name of your book ?
hi , i am matt and i am an artist
cool . its summer here . i just moved into my new apartment in brooklyn
my favorite hero is tempo man because he wears a blue suit . . . my favorite color
yeah . . flash is great . my two brothers and one sister collected comics growing up .
nah i was into baseball cards
i am yankees fan . . blue being my favorite color of course . i liked munson
yeah i do not blame you . i liked drawing fielder jumping for the ball .
i type pretty well . my 3 siblings taught me
i hope you have both . i gotta run and clean my apartment
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you enjoy doing that
what are their names then
wow that is a crazy range
they are alright have you had candy
i have never eaten candy
yeah i am a pro sports player
hi there , tell me about yourself
really ? my best friend grows plants in her garden in the big city !
she has some purple ones . i admire them when i go visit .
you have a lizard ? we were thinking about selling those at my job at the grocery store
mainly just stock shelves . you should swing by . we sell purple flowers for gila
what else do you enjoy ?
me either , we should hang out sometimes
where are you located at ?
hello ! i just got home from shopping . how are you ?
that sounds wonderful ! sadly , for my bank account , i ate out for breakfast .
i am well , thank you . i have a busy day ahead . what are your plans ?
those are nice to have now and then . i am meeting friends for a bmw group meeting .
yes . i drive a classic bmw . its an money pit but i love it .
where do you live ? what are your hobbies ?
so a little about me , i have been married 3 happy years and you ?
oh okay nice ! i like reading about the beach its my favorite place . how about you ?
oh okay scary book are okay . i teach for a living its my passion and you ?
oh cool that sounds like fun ! me and my husband travel he is a cop
i live in south carolina . how about you ?
i like to bowl and attend play dates with my children . you have kids ?
oh okay how old are your grandchildren ?
hi . do you consider yourself a night owl ? i am always up late
i play video games mostly . that is why i am usually up so late .
rock is good , but i like to dabble in many types of music . variety is key
i am a student , but no major . i like to learn many different things
do you have any favorite foods ? mine are fried chicken and chocolate cake .
oh , that is fancy . i could go for a pizza myself .
no , i have never had extra money for alcohol . i mooch off my friends for it
hello there . how are you on this blissful morning ?
oh my my . do you go hunting alone ? i hope you be careful now .
i retired so i could spend more time with my husband . he used to hunt .
oh how i enjoy helping people . we volunteer most days .
do you have any hobbies , dear ?
i am more of a football person myself . never understood baseball .
i enjoy college football . a lot more talent in those games .
do you like football at all ?
hello . how are you today ?
that is nice . i live eating out with my family .
canada is nice . i love driving in the country .
lol . do you like going to the movies ?
oh . the movies is my favorite place to go .
oh okay . i love chatting with my friends .
yes . absolutely , bring your cats .
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
oh fun ! i work at a steakhouse , steak is my favorite !
i get up at 4am for work , but after work i like music , only opera though . hbu ?
oh that is irritating ! i like them too !
at my condo community we have pools and game rooms , i always vacation there .
oh london is wonderful to vacation too .
they have great opera there . but yeah , i do not like crowded cities either .
hello how are you today ?
playing some video games and being a night owl
i do not like to read , i like eating fried chicken though
yes you do . you could get a cramp
i am the youngest in my family
what kind of food do you like ?
do you like chocolate cake ? i do
nice maybe we can get together and have some
i just got back from horseback riding with my two boys . do you like horses ?
nice ! what are your other hobbies ? i love to camp
ll . so do you have kids ?
yes i am a full time mother of 2 growing boys .
i love the outdoors . why are they looking at you ?
i am sure you look fine . your opinion of yourself is all that counts .
i love it . it is one new adventure after another .
ll . its great cardio . it keeps me young .
hello . how are you today ?
org . that is terrible . i am so sorry she has to go through this .
how old are your sons ?
yes . it would be harder if they were little children . do you like reading ?
i do not know much about those . i like reading horror books like stephen king
ca not wait to see the movie it ! got any hobbies you like to do ?
i like to do bird watching . i am able to identify about 40 kinds of bird species .
yes . my dad got me into bird watching . i have read all his old books on it
hey i am chet i work with trucks and on them . i have my own business .
wow red is not a terrible color
i am a guy , and 25 years old
wow and i love pizza
me too ! ! with mushrooms added to it .
i am more like being alone hike in the mountain kind of guy
well that is awesome what do you then
how often do you walk on the beach ?
good evening . how are you ?
doing ok . tired . we had to do team reviews today .
yes . i play baseball for the orioles .
it has its moments . i also have a wife and 3 kids so my time is limited .
no , not at all . i thought college at miami u was busy . . . .
i will tell ya . and pulling down a million a year . you burn thru it fast .
and a wife ! lol ! . but yes , it is .
so , what are you studying ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well , i am going to a museum with my nieces and nephew tomorrow .
that is so nice , what play are you seeing ?
what a unique performance . i write a lot so i am used to interesting things .
oh , i am sorry . if you are ever in new york we should get drinks .
i think that hanging out with friends and new people helps .
hello , it is nice to meet you .
i am from virginia . are you a student ?
canada is beautiful . yes , i am a student . science is my favorite subject .
i do that too . i also enjoy suspense novels .
what is your favorite video game ?
fifa is the best . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
yes , a dog named mowgli and a cat named olive , if I could, I would love to have a dog named Mowgli like you.
thank you . i like how your pets kind of rhyme .
do we get paid to continue chatting ?
this was my first one . this was fun .
i swear i will never watch it . i hate clowns
what do you like to do instead ?
oh my gosh , that is so much commitment . i just cook .
i can make a burger , but i do not have a grill in my 3rd floor apartment .
oh boy , when i go to mcdonald i always get fries for my 2 dogs
my mom showing me it as a kid is why i am afraid of clowns
how are u doing tonight
i am just watching a movie
fifty shades darker i seen the first so i had to see this one
omg they are so good not for kids though
yes i have 2 boys 1 girl boys are easier to deal with
that is cool they are easier u do not have to deal with pms lol
omg yes you are so right i just like to be left alone
when you have your pms its like being pre
hello how are you
i am good . what do you do for a living ?
tigers ? where are they ?
i am a college student
oh i love that show . although its been really slow last season
lol hunting what ?
what are you studying ?
hey . how are you feeling ? are you okay ?
i am fine , thank you for asking
i guess . . . i am usually too depressed now , since i lost my job a few weeks ago
i worked at a bank . . . its not as bad as it sounds , i promise
thank you . i have always wanted to be a comedian , maybe this is my chance
yeah go for it ! you are hilarious . what are your favorite comedy movies ?
hey how is it going ?
i am well . yeah i love sci-fi
i play sci-fi games on my computer . i am practically on it all day
yes all day . i get my 8 hours of sleep though
yes chocolate cake and you ?
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i am a home health worker
it is fine , my mother takes care of my granny
hello , how are you ? i am great .
cool , do you do landscaping too ? daisies are my favorite flower .
cool , i work in an office , real estate , but i might not be for long .
well , since my boss and i are dating it is awkward .
i love singing and all kinds of music .
not sure . maybe work in a florist shop . i love daisies .
what kind of swimming do you do ? competitive ?
how are you doing today
what kind of homework are you doing
that sounds great . do you like cars
mine was a cop . he worked the mean streets .
are you schooled at your home
that sounds nice to have her around
that sounds like it happened quickly
when will you do that
hello ! i have been playing video games since this morning , i am tired
ha ! my parents do not really like it that much
i guess you could say that i am lazy i would rather not work
oh no . i eat fast food most days , not healthy i know
yeah i could lose some weight for sure
that is an oldie but goodie
i do like sugary things sad to say
wow glad you have lost weight
hello ! what kind of job do you have ?
a stay at home mom , i have one child but a second on the way !
haha ! ! thank you ! do you enjoy your job ?
that is good to hear ! are you married or in a serious relationship ?
i have a husband , he is an engineer so he is quite busy with work .
he graduated from mit four years ago . where did you go to school ?
you might have seen each other around during your first year then !
i quit my job recently and now stay home with my child .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i like to go out clubbing
yea i do rap and pop
i work as a graphic designer
about 5 days a week usually
i am so glad to be free .
no believe it or not i was a slave .
i grew up in arabia , i was an indentured servant .
no , i escaped and now work as a carpenter .
maybe , could i bring my wife ?
i am the first born , i have two younger sisters .
oh , i am not a huge fan . i am sorry .
anyone like to travel ? my family is often on the move !
i like to eat . especially those in between meals snacks .
i like melted cheese on pork rinds . but then , my best music is country .
i do not like it . i feed my collie under the table if no one sees .
what kind of dog ? does he have a name ?
good dogs . now about me i have dark , curly hair and blue eyes .
i have my in between meals snack . . . my way , when the wife is shopping .
hi . how are you ? i just got back from shopping .
i cannot complain . i am sipping on a diet coke listening to some katy perry .
i hate when that happens . want me to hit your ex with my ford taurus ?
so do you have a job ? my job is in retail . its about to be busy .
the holidays are always so busy . people get crazy when it comes to shopping .
lucky . i am peanut butter and jealous .
hi , how are you doing today ?
not bad playing cod on my box .
you drive long haul trucks ?
oh , i got it . what do you do for work ?
i do not work either , i live at home with my parent do not really want a job
yeah , its old , i bought it when i was 20 , 12 years later . . .
hello there . how are you today ?
just through washing my impala . adore it so much !
just mine . love listening to classical music in it .
i agree ! summer is coming to an end . i wished i could have gone fishing more
its great to have time for yourself . but i cannot wait for christmas . all the decorating
so sorry to hear . but it is a beautiful time to enjoy other things as well .
hi how are you doing
i am good just doing some comedy shows
i am actually a party planner
yes it pays the bills
no my sister joined a cult from her marriage now i am scared
i will not but i am afraid of marriage now
that is a good thing then i guess some people make it
i grew up on a farm in virginia now i live in pennsylvania in the suburbs
it is , i struggle with winter do to fibromyalgia . winter makes it worse
it is rough , but i do stay in and read , and doing bead work
i also make my own patterns when i bead
i am not able to work for long hours
some days it can be depending on the pain i feel
thanks for the words of encouragement .
that is true i am mostly positive just wish the pain can go away
hello how are you ?
i run a lot every day 2 miles a day
i love music . my wife for the past 5 years writes music
she has lots of them . she plays for the kids at the candy store i work for
yes i bought the store after a old college football injury
no problem the store is doing great
tell me more about yourself
well i would love for your to come . the kids will love it
hello how are you today ?
i do not work , nither does my boyfriend we just collect welfare
its not my dream job it just hard to find work
wow that is cool , we have a 7 year old girl and we like the park
i like nature music when we go outside , its very calming
that is cool , i haunt heard of them are they a pop band ?
i just go to the park and that is it
my 7 year old girl , it gets us away from my bf
oh hey there , what are you thinkin about right now ?
oh dang , does she play volleyball ? i am looking for a new partner
dang i do not really want to switch sports but i guess i could , for her sake
tennis now , she is probably pretty beat up about you dumping her .
oh i am sure , what did that poor little sweet thing even do to you ?
oh that makes sense , is her name brittney by chance ?
wait , is this brad from west valley high ? !
oh my god ! this is ashely we get our nails done together every friday .
i have been okay , just , you know , lonely . . .
hopefully you soon now that you ditched that loser
hi , 21 , ny , cat , roses and in school . you ?
get out ! me too ! you like roses ? i do .
i see . i am learning to draw at school . you draw ?
oh wow ! my cat is named grace . you have pets ?
yes . apartments are small in ny . you own or rent ?
great ! tomorrow i will be 22 . you married .
thanks . no marriage for me . merna jean is my friend . you live in ny ?
hmmm . you sing ? i do . i am an artist .
i am excited i am 25 moving to san diego in a couple months
i work at a gas station it blows
i live in oregon its whack .
no my mommy was a dancer famous in london
i like a band called rancid , love to travel
i have not gotten to do much this year
ism sure you do ll
i feel that i will be 26 in may
hi how are you doing tonight ?
doing pretty good just got back from the gym .
nice ! i use my computer to video chat with my dad in china .
sounds like you are very handy . i really enjoy listening to music .
i like to listen to hip hop when i work out at the gym .
that sounds exciting . i collect bath bombs . i love taking baths !
i like to walk my dog tigger he is a boxer
what kind of cat do you have ?
i love my lunches . my mommy makes them for me when i have picnics .
no ! what little girl likes vegetables ?
four . my bed is made for princesses !
no . i like to play outside with my dolls .
does she like playing in the sun like i do ?
oh . does your daddy bring her flowers home ? mine does for me .
maybe i will . my eyes and hair are both brown . are hers brown ?
hey ! money max here ! whats up !
what whats good ! are you watching the hockey game ?
bro ! goals ! ! ! i am going to make it rain millions soon !
i am going to get me a sweet vegan honey , and she must watch hockey !
i hear ya ! try getting a girl who will watch sports ! they are not out there !
dad issues i hear ya , mine used to make me eat meat . . barf .
sweet ! ! that life must be lit ! !
and now you are a millionaire ! goals ! respect .
hi . i can speak several languages . three of them .
i am in japan . i often travel and am a nomad who has not been home in 2 years .
yes , but i quite enjoy it .
what all do you program ?
nothing , i only travel . i am a nomad .
you are a very busy person .
it is good to have big goals .
i am glad you like what you do . i like what i do , travelling .
hey , whats a good senior quote ?
hm , i only ask because i am starting my senior year tomorrow
you play any puck ? you like hockey ? i am kind of a bender
i totally get it . my friend just left for las vegas yesterday . to live . forever
what kind of music does he play ?
anything specific ? we could be bird of a feather
ahh yes . . the drums . i do like that band . .
hello , how are you tonight ?
music is nice . i prefer game soundtracks personally . its about all i can do from bed .
had an accident , though i am glad i found a way to work from home now .
car accident , heights do not bother me , though my pets can calm me down from anything lol
that is why I avoid most women . I prefer my contact via social media nowadays .
he is , but only in my video games haha
hey ! family time has come to a close tonight . sad panda
i left my chevy duramax running while at american eagle . sale !
running clothes , for my favorite hobby
sleep rocks , veggies suck .
fiber makes me poop too much .
i am a distributor for an essential oils company .
i am my own boss .
i build up a team of people through wellness education . at least i want to .
my boss sent me daisies ! i think i am in love .
he knows they are my favorite and i just turned 25 so he got me 25 daisies .
we spend more time singing karaoke . do you sing ?
do you have a favorite team ?
i do not like sports but would sing the national anthem at a game .
can you write to the vikings owner and recommend me ?
do you want me to bring daisies ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . have you experienced a recent loss ?
hello how are you doing today ?
i am doing really good thanks . just sitting here eating beets .
yes i am married . i have been for 6 years . i love being married .
i agree . i definitely feel better about myself since i met my husband .
i do too . what is your favorite vegetable ?
beets are my favorite . what do you do for work ?
i am a salesman and i sell paper . what is your favorite animal ?
apparently i love bears even though they scare me .
hey , how is everything ? i am about to head out to meet my girlfriend .
nice , i am not a big fan but go because my girlfriend loves it.
you make clothes ? i wonder if you can advise on what will match my pink hair ?
that is a bit vegas for me but it might work since i am in the city .
thanks for the advice but i just cannot wear it in front of my older brother .
he teases me about my unusual sense of style lol.
well i do feel that he needs to update his hair style lol .
hello , what do you do ?
do you like that , or does it give you time to do other stuff ?
i attend school for art . my specialty is acrylic paints .
working my way through and scholarships . i paint murals for money .
murals like on walls , community-inspired stuff .
what do you want to do in school ?
hello how are you tonight ?
nice i was just training earlier for my next run
yes among others and i really like the color blue
that would be cool i am looking at job postings i cant stand my current job
i am currently at walmart because i travel alot to india and they let me
its different for sure but the people are nice
yea there is some really nice places in the world
that would be really fun to do
hi there , how are you ?
cool ! i have just been in my garden this afternoon !
yeah , i love being self reliant , growing vegetables and herbs , and i even sew my clothes !
i think the power of crystals really helps motivate it . i keep them around my house
i have not done those , but maybe i should !
i tried darts once , but my long curly hair always blocks my vision a little !
seriously , the vegetables from my garden ! they are so fresh !
hi , i have a lot of money from a casino i used to own .
good here today . previous businesses were several casinos .
after the last casino went bankrupt , i decided that was not my forte .
i am now the president of a daycare and i absolutely love children !
bombs ? so is there some particular reason for that ?
i love food , in general sweets , sours , meat , fruit , vegetables , everything .
so how many explosives have you seen ?
i write a lot of poems and play golf when the weather is nice and sunny
oh your a poet too . golfing and bunnies and always fun when it is nice and sunny
i had a type o there but i like to read too
i made a little mistake . i should know better as a poet
yes i am the leader of a band and the leader at my local gun club
everything except country . i just wrote a song about donating my old clothes to a shelter
yes i was listening to them while playing golf last week . good weather and good music
i write the music , play all instruments and as a poet , i write lyrics too
hello ! what is going on in your life ?
oh my . stuffing at mcdonalds can be bad , i know that .
i need to go to work soon . getting kids to school .
you sound busy . so am i . raising 3 kids , working full time , helping grandma .
that is for sure . do you have time for hobbies ?
i am scared to ski . bowling is my thing !
i am pretty good at it . even made some money competing .
me , too . do you have a family ?
hi , what do you do ? i am a retired nurse who loves bagels .
nice ! you must be in great shape now , would you care to arm wrestle ?
that would be great , i enjoy listening to music while i am painting outdoors .
what a coincidence , i have made maps for them before !
me , too . did you know i also like making bagels ?
well , its super easy . any simpleton can do it , really .
hi , i just got back from work , i am a plumber
right lol , i am in high demand .
i speak many languages , how about you ?
what languages are you studying ?
i meet a lot of people being a plumber
i am also boy scout troop fun fact . lol
yes we teach to eat gluten free
i agree , well time for a nice glass of wine to relax
hi , what are you doing today ?
wow , that sounds interesting ! i am going to go practice guitar for a while .
me too , but mostly i play jazz , usually bass . what did you make ?
that sounds like a really nice gift . after that , i will probably go out for dinner .
i really like dim sum , but they only have it here on sunday , so probably thai food .
i do not like fast food , so i will have to go into the city .
i am a paralegal , but really , i like to drive go karts ! ! how about you ?
really ? i work at an army base !
hello . do you have any interests ?
i love animals . i am vegan because of it .
i have many hobbies such as bike riding , guitar , and skateboarding .
i ride my bike everywhere to stay fit .
i do not even have a car .
that is good . cars cost a lot to use .
bikes are better and cheaper . just not for long distances .
hi how are you doing today ?
very well . where do you work ?
is it to not get sick ?
i do not . i ride horses professionally
i do but i am handicapped its hard
i am not sure really . i made ask betting last year
oh yeah i got all the inside info
the horses speak to me . they whisper to me
can i read some books to you ?
short stories , for halloween
they are , horror ones , my favorite
oh , that is fine i guess . want to go to the lake ?
my dogs will come also , is that okay too ?
oh , i guess they could stay at home .
you are most welcome lovely .
hello , fall is messing with my allergies .
trees , leaves , everything , seasonal allergies .
i spend a lot of time indoors , i watch movies and tv .
i produce commercials which is why tv is such a big part of my life .
yea , it keeps me pretty comfortable .
i grew up in wisconsin . i live in texas .
nope , in houston . i follow metal bands though and sometimes go .
hi how are you doing
i am good what are your hobbies
i am a lifeguard and love spending time at the beach
that is cool what did you study there
that is cool are you a professional baseball player
cool how long have you been playing
do you ever get to travel during the off season
no still living the single life
hey , are you here about my art exhibit ?
thank you ! i have been trying so hard to get noticed in the art scene .
that is great ! i love gardening too .
do you live alone with them ?
i go to the local art school , maybe i know them ?
i would love to paint a mural of your garden if you would let me .
i can do that for you .
hey there how are you ?
i am doing well , just cooking
pasta , i am just naturally a good cook . do not be afraid of spices
is this your first time moving out
what is your cats name ?
that is a cute name . do you like any sweets ?
yeah cookies at least , but i buy all the ice cream i eat
i go to college right now , so really my parents buy my ice cream
i like to start my day with bacon and eggs . how about you ?
coffee too . that is the best . i made cowboy coffee on my farm growing up
when i was 18 my family made their way across the country with a mobile home
well i like going out with my buds on weekends especially to rock concerts
well bacon and eggs especially at mcdonalds
no i am still at the party stage of my life . not ready for kids
yes i know . i have been a babysitter for my younger siblings
i do farm work . that is what i know . that is what i grew up with
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i love dogs ! what kind of dog do you have ?
aww , she sounds adorable . where are you from ?
i am from the us too , but i live in toronto now . can you speak russian ?
i would love to try russian food someday . the fanciest thing i eat are mcdonalds fries .
oh , i am so sorry to hear that . that must have been difficult for you .
i am sure your mother would be very proud of you .
i live right next to a busy street and the noise drives me crazy too .
i am an animal lover . how do you feel about them ?
i watch films like that .
no but i would like it .
i am going to the woods to watch wildlife .
i do not believe in that .
i think the world is too full for them to be able to hide well .
i would watch that as well .
no but i watch films on interesting topics .
hey how are you doing today ?
oh that is nice , i am just cooking it is my favorite .
i enjoy cooking italian food mostly it is delicious .
i can cook for you and my husband if you want to come over sometime .
we could have a little get together , my english is not great though .
do you speak italian as well ?
i got married at only 16 .
goodnight how is the night going for you ?
i am trying to locate tickets to halloween 2 movie .
i am so proud of myself i just stated the keto diet .
yes , i juggle fruit all day preparing for my circus act .
i got in the circus business through my grandfather and dad .
sharks are beautiful creatures to look at .
i am totally afraid of sharks .
oh wow you must own some sharks .
soda is the best
cupcakes are way better than different types of cookies .
i love to bake cornbread and cupcakes
i work as a teacher assistant at a daycare center
i am from up north
do you like to chat online and make friends ?
hello , how are you tonight ? have you had dinner ?
i am debating on having some mushroom ravioli , not sure though .
i love to travel , my father is in France somewhere . i have never met him .
that sounds interesting , is it dangerous ?
sounds exciting , i have never been .
i do too , i collect sea glass and shells .
i have a mustang , a classic . i restored it with a friend .
my neighbor has a white one.
hello , i am donna . what music do you like listening to ?
favorite band is the rolling stones . it started my love for playing guitar .
a nurse . my mother worked as a nurse . so they inspired me to be one as well .
i am sure you already are .
i do . what type of writer do you want to be ?
oh no . i am so sorry to hear that .
that is right .
hey , want to come over and watch tv ?
whatever , maybe some golf .
oh , maybe some tennis then
cool . what is your name ?
sarah . we can be bffs .
can i ride your horse ?
i could ride him to school where i work
hi how are you doing
that is nice do you like sports
that is cool i try to ski every winter
that is a pretty cool hobby
do you like to travel
yeah i hear you i am in school as well
i am majoring in science specifically biology
yeah i work at a supermarket
hello ! how is your day ? i just got home from walking dogs
cute name ! animals make me so happy . what kind of dog ?
smart dogs ! i have a kid also , well he is 18 now
fun age . my son is no longer a vegan , like me . . . makes me sad
that is a bummer . my son wants a hamburger but i will not make it
i can make a yummy vegan cheesecake !
why so far ? i spend my time signing petitions for animals rights .
do you like uber ? i walk dogs but could pick up another job
hey there ! i just got back from a hike , how are you today ?
i wander around the mountains and trails in the woods where i live
oh boy , they would not like me . i am an environmental scientist and activity .
do you think they would disown you ?
what do you do for fun ?
that sounds so sweet . aside from hiking , i also enjoy cycling .
if you were interested , i could show you some good paths !
where do you currently live ?
hello , how are you today ?
fine , just chilling with some billie jo spears
i know what you mean , i get covered in it when i work at subway
no , its garbage like the job . are you playing world of warcraft later ?
great ! whats your first lesson at college tomorrow ? mine is english history
shame , i was hoping we were together . hey , how about going running this weekend ?
hi i am mary how are you today
that sounds like fun what do you do for a living ?
i work at a doctors office and am a college student
i do not really have time for hobbies i have to study a lot
the clouds can be beautiful and have many different shapes
that is a great place to see them
hey , you like dogs i have three killer dogs .
cool when i am not working as an accountant , i hunt humans .
my computer is at the lake , where i read my horror novels i like come visit .
i like the lake i go to where my next kill is a redhead girl .
where do you live now are you alone ?
do you like scary movies ?
hello ! how are you this evening ?
great , it was a beautiful day here today .
i teach japanese and also drawing classes .
cool ! what kind of videos do you make ?
that is awesome . do you enjoy it ?
i have a dog , her name is wonton . do you have any pets ?
a pink car ! is it a mary kay car ? ?
are you a fan of prince ? purple rain . . . purple rain . . .
hi ! how are you ? i am a musician , are you ?
i like yellow . you ?
love jim hendrix . i play guitar .
man , i dropped out . too much for me
that sounds good . i would like to fish at the beach
ha ! no ! i love that guitar . i would be afraid
hey captain how are you holms ?
rock on ! did not get too close i bet .
your own shoe ! ? why ? i wear some ratty stuff but i do not pee on it
must have been . what do you look like ?
noah i like to skate , so i guess i am athletic too . some say i am a slacker .
word ! i will dye my hair to match it
ok i am half there then i will just shave off the orange .
hi , how are you doing today ?
ok , pretty happy actually , just got a job !
well its only mcdonalds , but its a start .
youre reading a book about mcdonald ?
oh i see . that is interesting . you written a lot of books ?
huh . that is pretty random.
hi , how are you doing ?
i am stuck to a bed because i was a pirate with one leg . you ?
i have a computer and i can go on social media with it atleast .
i grew up in africa , what about you ?
if I could travel back in time, I would choose to experience the Russian Revolution firsthand, I use to have a farm before it was taken in the russian revolution .
what country did you move to the other side in ?
no but i do like to play some computer games .
the only friends i have are pets and sometimes they visit me in bed .
hi how are you doing ?
no , what is that show about ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what city are you from ?
i live in cali right now
no i wish , i am almost an hour away
i am a graphic designer for a small business, but I wish I could work from home as a graphic designer too.
hi what are up to right now ?
preparing to play a new video game i just bought . love doing that
oh yes . you can watch a movie . what is your favorite movie ?
nice movie there . my favorite movie is gone with the wind
oh yes . i am classy too that is why i wear a purple hair
i live in atlanta georgia . i have lived here for ten years
yes . what your favorite color ? red is mine though i wear purple hair
that makes us have similar interest . great
hello how you doing tonight
i am great , my name is tom , and work a computer programmer
i like donate to charity , like money and my time
i play with my two dogs . there baby pitbulls
tom and jerry are there names
only one of them , the other i thought be cool to call him jerry
do not know what you mean , , , really
i wear nerdy cloth , mostly ties
good evening , i guess
well , i am never sure where i am chatting with , it could be morning by you !
cali , nice . chicago here , where i am a passionate hunter and family man , with two kids .
too , system does not what me to be wordy .
yup . pretty rigid about the 15 word limit i guess .
me either . . . the characters are all seeming pretty shallow .
i do like the hits where i can do silly answers .
that has just too much opportunity . . . i would have to be a smart a for that one .
what do you do for fun ?
i like creating websites and reading the news .
i am good with computers but if I could go back in time, I would invest in tech stocks.
me neither , but i am always looking for ways to make money !
you ever play bingo ?
the stock market . its like gambling i love keno
its like bingo . nice talking to you
hello there . what do you do for a living ?
well , moms a kindergarten teacher and dads in accounting , so naturally i am an accounting professor .
its okay . all my office supplies are name brand and top quality , makes it easier .
nope , reading my favorite book , anne of green gables . how about you ?
sounds exciting ! do you own any pets ?
that is good ! cats are cool , pot bellied pigs are my favorite . always wanted to adopt one .
they are really smart and cute !
hey there ! how are you doing today ?
sorry to hear that , i am pretty well just got back from a run .
that can be hard . i am in my first year at college with a part-time job .
no single , what kind of work are you looking for ?
i am sure that there are some pretty good clinics in your area
do you have an animal . i have a cat that helps me when i am sad .
maybe talk with a friend .
hi , what are you doing today ?
good , about to leave school for dance practice . do you have any plans ?
as long as it is music my friends and i can dance to !
i do . i met a lot of them while out running after school . and you ?
that is great . are any of your friends or family very tall ?
i am six feet , i come from a very tall family ! do you have any other hobbies ?
i love school , dancing with friends , and running . what are your friends like ?
my kids like to tease me and call me a cat lady because I have 5 cats
five children two and one husband . you have a full house too
pets are family you know . i know because I crochet for all my family
neat , lets compare notes , what do you crochet
i am in the south no need for sweaters here
do not know what revelry is ? ? ?
oh ok got to check that out
wow . sounds fancy . does it cost a lot
hey there how are you ?
i am getting ready to go to work , i am so glad i work in the store .
those items are on sale at my job this week . i do not eat meat .
oh you are a kid , make sure you do some type of volunteer work also .
i figured that lol , come volunteer at the urban farm with your parents .
no i like doing other things like bookkeeping an tours .
cool , i am sure she would enjoy my diet then .
not much else really , working at the grocery an the tours keep me busy .
hi there , how are you ?
wow , i only work in a factory . wheres your favorite city to fly to ?
oh , if i could fly i would fly to seattle my favorite city
how fun ! you like jazz music ? ? i love it
wow ! ! i do not have a car and ride my bike everywhere , but i do have a tv
me too . i did break my nose when i was 10 from a bike accident , but yeah
yeah , i get practise riding everywhere now
good morning . how are you today ?
exhausted . was tending bar all weekend and now i am studying for my law exam tomorrow
yes it is . it will be worth it in the end . what do you do ?
that is awesome . where have you guys been ?
that is amazing ! i like to collect malt scotch , you should bring me back some lol
yea that is true . that would be awesome though lol
oh really ? that is cool . how do you feel about tiny houses ? yay or nay ?
hi my name is dan . what are your interests ?
i can understand that ! do you know anything about trucks mike ?
i own a black ford f150 . wanted an opinion though .
cool ! i like ford trucks . do you drive commercial often ?
who do you drive for currently ?
smart ! what brand truck do you drive ?
not really . only ford f150 trucks . interested in learning though .
sorry to hear that . what about the road is soothing ?
hello ! hows the weather out there ?
fall colors are starting here in the midwest . any plans for today ?
i would love to go biking , but i have to study for a test .
ha ha ! i am a college student ; goodwill is my clothing source !
i would love to see california . my ambition is to visit all 50 states .
i am always itching to get away as soon as i get back from a trip .
that is so cool . we all need to pitch in and save the planet .
hey how are you today ?
i sometimes watch the sunset with my dogs , i love them .
i do not work , just read mostly , and play with my dogs .
i enjoy going to the gym as well , hitting on all the girls there .
i will get them my favorite flower , a lily for their troubles .
where are you going to watch it ?
you forgot to invite me over , i will bring my dog .
please do , i could bring some books for us tor ead as well .
i like to go anywhere because my parents are both author
my mother is raise in ireland so i travel there and in australia .
why that is bad to your health ?
if you have money go hire a chef
no i am fat but still handsome
i am that is why i am rich today
yes i know that , if you have time maybe we can eat dinner ?
what is your favorite dish i can cook that for you .
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am alright what do you do for work ?
fun ! i work at a temp agency because i did not graduate from college .
i like to watch movies to relax , especially the last of the mohicans
yeah a few hours . what is your family like ?
my mom taught music at school . now that she has passed , music is important to me .
i like it all ! what about you ?
i need to go car shopping ! it is over 20 years old !
hello can you tell me a little about yourself ?
ah , our careers go well together . i am an interior designer !
such a great show . such good inspiration for carping .
i have not seen it yet . i remember the original show from years ago .
i may have to see that soon then . how many kids do you have ?
wow , that is a lot of kids . must be hectic for you !
hey there , how are you ?
one thing is reading especially series . you
sounds awesome . when bored i always talk to friends .
animals are special for sure . often my family and i go to restaurants .
it breaks my heart when i go into them .
i have three dogs who are all rescues . they love to go with me on country drives .
i like the beastie boys .
i have been to new york city one time .
i like to paint . can i paint on you ? i am a male .
that is probably good . i want to work at a museum .
you should try painting people who are willing to pay .
yeah , well you can sit down and paint .
well you should stop talking then and go on a walk .
you sound very lazy . good luck kid .
hi there , i own two turtles
i dyed my hair purple today
no but i do like playing video games .
i will dye it red next , my favorite color
nice i love watching gone with the wind .
running is for losers i think .
haha , you have any other pets ?
i would rather play my video games
hi
what ?
lol . . . are you a comedian ?
lol . what do you do ?
what ? . . . in that case i would rather be a horse
nope just english . . . . u ?
how are you doing today
i work at the gym and i love running marathons , you ?
do you like a lot of bread
you said you eat a lot of carbs
nah , just was asking , i hate potatoes , i do not eat a lot of carbs .
what are you confused about ?
oh haha , its means no
nah just a lazy or slang way to say no, I wish I could spend more time practicing archery with you at the center.
hey how is it going ? !
great just finished up a delicious pizza for dinner . what about you ?
nice watching the baseball game ?
washington nationals is my favorite and they are playing , i like all sports teams
nice i like them too !
i like packers for football , but prefer baseball
cool are you from seattle ?
oh nice i agree with you there !
hello there , i am a university student
i study psych , what is your favorite color
i like rock , do you have siblings ? i do not
nice , what is your favorite food , i like pizza
no i do not but i have a dog
my dog is named sally
she is a boston terrier
i am , i am very close
hey , how are you today ?
i am in the nfl . the fantasy league version .
are you from georgia ? i am
i am a winter fan honestly
there are plenty of them here . i do the same
i am a fan of them
i like the nfl and also college football
i am a fan of it too
hello how are you today ?
i am doing very well as well thank you very much
just practicing my accent . words like hippopotamus are difficult for me
i am from japan . i teach Japanese as well
it is very beautiful over there indeed .
yeah it is pretty expensive
yeah that would be cool , perhaps i can teach you some Japanese
i am still trying to perfect my English, though
i am trying to glue some macaroni to cardboard right now !
oh , really , does that interfere with work ? i pump gas !
really ? i sell encyclopedias , maybe you could make an encyclopedia commercial ?
that is great , i collect rocks , which i realize is very different type of hobby !
that is tough ! i travel for sales , so have to be outside !
as an actor , have you met anyone famous ?
wow ! me too . i saw peyton manning at a store once !
i bet you cannot guess where i work .
nope , i work in the forest .
i am a lumberjack . i can cut down trees pretty fast !
sure , when i am not working or eating pancakes syrup .
that sounds very interesting . do you enjoy it ?
good paying job . i getting to cut down trees and yell timberrrr
it is but it's also dangerous
my name is june i am here to cheer you up !
oh i am so sorry . tell me about your cat
is your dog named after the scarlet pimpernel ?
were you watching with someone or is that your favorite show ?
so you are a fan of trains ?
summer . i love the sound of lawns being mowed , bees buzzing
brrr . . . i fell into a pond when skating . . . came out with brain damage
hi what did you do today ?
calc 1 . i cried . . . so . . many . . times in that class ! i am more into literature .
haha ! you are a poet or comedian ?
haha . lets collab I am an aspiring publisher .
that is cool . when do you graduate ?
that is awesome ! one of my favorite authors is from there .
do you like call the midwife ? i am watching it on netflix .
i just love watching things on netflix . its a british show .
i live in chicago but i am dreaming of living in las vegas .
but i think i should learn self defense before i move .
i am peaceful but can never be safe enough in a big city .
sounds like a good job though .
currently nothing too big . i want to return to school to get a better job .
i think my sister and best friend just went back .
hi , i had dog food for dinner .
i drive a quick auto
that sounds so cool really
do you like rock and roll , it is my favorite .
that is great i work for a big company
i just want to watch the world burn while i listen to rock
i am a fast driver too .
i was born on the dark side of the moon
good afternoon , how are you today ?
very cool . i write code for computers but play with my dogs on the weekends .
my 2 pits are a handful when i take them out .
there is a dog beach near here . . . . when the weather clears i may do that .
ick ! sorry to hear that .
og geez . ll ! that is dogs for you .
you think ? that is interesting you say that .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no i am always at the beach
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
oh ok that is cool lol
hi i love ribs cause makes my husband happy
beer on a swingset on the beach is my jam
my college thesis was on beer
going for my masters and work 2 part-time gigs
bartender and stylist i can't wait to dye my hair blue, I wish I could dye my hair orange and purple like yours for Halloween.
i have orange and purple at the moment for halloween
yes lets my freak flag fly
oh yeah something old school but sexy
are you a cat person or a dog person ?
but cats are better . my hair is brown . what do you do for work ?
do you know somewhere hiring ? my dad keeps yelling at me to get a job .
my favorite season is summer because my birthday is then . you ?
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
that must be exhilarating then ! i do not do much , can not afford to .
do you have any pets ?
i know this is upfront , but can you keep a secret ?
i won the lottery few years back . wife still thinks i am poor !
a little , i know she hates me though . also thinks i am lazy .
good for you ! what do you do for a living ?
wow ! i bet the scenery is nice there ! i can imagine the foliage !
small world , me too ! i mostly paint tree landscapes !
hey there , how are you ?
oh yeah diets are a hard thing to stick to
i work long hours and i hate it , i do not have time to eat
aww you should come work with me at the hospital
ha ha i do not know
i am sure someone finds it exciting
aww why do not you get out of the house ? you want to buy my car ?
hey how's it going ? hope all's good
i am good too . though i am moving out of state
yea two dogs . border collies
that is great . i would love to meet them
i paint and do art
for sure . i do portraits too
yea in French and English
thank you . i try my best
hi
i am at school at university of michigan so there is always lots to do
i love the fall weather too but i prefer summer
i guess lol what kind of food do you like
tacos are the best
sounds yummy
do you have a job ?
hi ! i just dropped off my kids at soccer . what are you doing ?
what do you do for work ? i work from home
that is great ! i love my dogs and my family !
how sad ! what are your hobbies ? i like teaching kids cheerleading
cool , what is your favorite ?
hmm never heard of it . i will have to check it out .
i will check it out next time i am in town
what else do you like to eat ?
what are you up to ?
pretty cool . i go see movies sometimes but that is about it.
what else do you do for fun ?
i love to walk . i go for walks every day . 2 miles at the least.
i hope he pays you well . do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs too ! what breeds ?
i have a pit bull too and also a chihuahua.
yes . it is a long drive though . thank goodness i love my car.
hi how are you doing
i am great . i was just watching dancing on tv .
yes . i dance for a living .
i like classical and hip hop
i like to listen to usher
i have never heard of them
we will see . i might . what else do you do ?
are you any good at it
good evening ! anything interesting going on with you ?
yum , is it purple ? lol , that is my favorite color .
that is awesome ! my car is a purple lamborghini .
that is so chic . ask me about my ideal woman hint hint
you sure keep busy . are you anything like cher in the movie clueless ?
i have to work a lot , since i have no room left on my credit cards .
i hear that , but we do what we can .
i must have used my credit cards to buy the lamborghini .
hello there , how are you ?
well hi jd . so what kind of things do you like doing ?
that is awesome ! i play the guitar so music is definitely a favorite .
i have not but i will have to check them out . do you have any pets ?
lol beef is my favorite but no . i have a new dog but its been challenging .
i think we need classes . . a lot of chewing and lots of barking .
would not be a bad idea . i am trying to convince my boyfriend we need to .
hi there , are you artistic ?
that is so cool , do you like cats ?
i called my cat charlie , he is my friend too .
i draw him a lot , kind of an artist here .
i love pizza , did he make pepperoni ?
do you like earrings ? i just bought a pair .
golden hoop earrings , i think you would love them .
hey . how is it going tonight ?
just chilling . watching netflix . so what are you reading ?
that is an interesting feeling ? do you ever feel like you are being watched ?
i want to get into blogging . maybe some chess commentary .
i am pretty talented . i just got job . do you work ?
i have a few cons we can run . nothing big though
ever heard of a switch a roo ?
it is also known a pig in a poke . look it up .
hi , how are you today ?
i do not have any . how many do you have ?
wow ! ! ! i know that must be hectic
hey maybe i will knit them matching sweaters
do you work ? i am employed as a tutor for english lit .
that is still a big job
my mom stayed at home with my sister and i . we turned out great
they will , you seem like a really sweet mom
hi how are you today
i am pretty good . do you have pets ?
i have a lizard guess their name
nope . its ragini like in harry potter
that is alright . do you live with your mom ?
i have to take care of mine
hi how are you doing
good do you like the outdoors
that is great what kind of foods do you cook
that sounds yummy do you like recycling
i do i wish i played an instrument
that is so true though i am not sure what i want to play
do you play an instrument
he is great do you like shopping
just woke up from a nap . how are you tonight ?
so do i ! have the early shift at work . have to work the drive-through
no , breakfast food . i love watching cooking videos on YouTube though
no , its not that type of restaurant . i will send you what i wrote about it
yes , i do . no , i blog about my hair and how i color it
i have never been , but i have watched videos about it online . looks awesome
yes , i love it . what do you like to do ?
i would love to go and blog about it too
hello , i am a special ed teacher , what do you do ?
k 6th . i also on the side do cosmetics
i think anything one on one helps all around
i have two boys and they are a handful on my own .
what are you doing this fine Sunday ?
just hanging out with my fur babies also .
i have two dogs , my older cat was 21 and just went to heaven .
just a couple of mutts
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well , eating brunch .
do you own any pets ?
i am without pets
i work in the recruiting department
do you drive a car ?
i do drive a car , it is black .
hello , i am share . do you believe in love ?
yeah i do not believe in either , i guess cause i am an only child .
oh sorry , i guess i do love to ride my horses .
i bet ! my adopted dad is also a cop . i love listening to stories .
this is so true , but love and hate are so close together .
i think i would have to agree with that .
that is great , i cant bowl to save my life .
hello how are you tonight
i am good just finishing up school
i suppose so i do not know why its bad
i understand that i want to be like a famous artist
yes that is true , i do not know why though
yeah , but there is nothing wrong with it i love painting
that is true they are great
oh sorry sore subject i suppose
hello , how are you ? tell me something about yourself
that is cool , i like brown hair . what are something you like to do ?
i like making short films and eating nachos ! do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend ?
i have a boyfriend , he is in acting school .
i hope so ! he is really good at acting .
that is awesome ! what movies did he direct ?
i was terrified of those movies ! how do you like them ?
hi ! how is your night going ?
not too bad . what do you do for a living ?
oh how fun . i would love to help people travel .
oh that is amazing . i grew up in kansas , a much different place .
where do you live now ?
oh ! how do you like it ?
definitely . i live in detroit now .
hello ! i am a music teach that loves video games you ?
sweet . what do you teach . i teach what i love doing singing
what kind of movies do you enjoy ? magic mike is a classic to me
i love fall though being in the city i do not get to enjoy it as much
not really much into them what about you ?
i am more of a home body . i like video game especially fps
very true , other hobbies include camping and fishing . your hobbies ?
very true hot summer day after the morning sun time to swim !
afternoon ! where do you live ?
being in cali , you might be famous some day ! i am in washington .
people need groceries ! i am all about living in and with nature .
being free and outdoors with family and friends is so freeing .
no traditional work . the land provides for me and i do favors for things i need .
burn easily ? i have some stuff in the garden that can help with that .
so much healthier for your body and mind .
how are you doing today
i am alright . i am back from the library .
i am sure that they do . who are the grizzlies ?
okay . are you a big fan ?
i am not much of a fan . i stick to myself .
sometimes , i like growing herbs
that sounds great . do you cook ?
i did not know that that made you sleep
it is national shark bite day ! would you like to adopt a shark ?
you know vampires really exist right ? but they no longer eat meat
most vampires today exist on super beets they are harmless
lol when you dance with a vampire it is like floating on air because it is !
new orleans vampires are not the veggie kind . . . they bite for real
i read a book about a vampire shark that terrorized a new orleans beach
a vampire fell in the water . . . a shark bit him . . . the rest is history . . . as they say
hi how are you today ?
not too bad just got off work
i work at a university lab you ?
ah i am sorry do you like music ?
i like older music stones beatles etc
cool do ever watch the olympics i am really into the gymnastic events
nice we have that in common
hello ! how are you this evening ?
i am okay , not looking forward to the holidays .
same here . i am divorced , 3 times .
luckily , none of them got my ford truck !
i do not . i spend my free time at the gun range . you ?
you should come over and see my gun collection !
what do you do for work ?
i am a cop . what can i say , i like my guns !
hi there ! how are you today ?
i am pretty good , just got back from work , the ol 9 5 .
i work in an office . got to go on an italian vacation a couple months ago .
we went to venice , before it sinks as they say , know ?
yeah i get that , i love the food though . are you a filmmaker ?
that is awesome ! i wish you luck in your mission there .
sandwiches , pizza , the gelato is amazing , honestly everything great .
i look forward to that !
hi , how are you doing ? do you have anything fun planned for today ?
avid fishermans like myself are cooking a big fish dinner tonight .
so do i , i usually grill them when i am home using my George Foreman grill .
do you try playing instruments like a guitar ? i know how to play that .
how about racing go carts ? i like to do that as well .
i like doing those as well . have you ever gone fishing ?
wow , that is crazy ! that never happened to me before !
so back to the grill , do you have one at home ?
hey how are you ? my names jeff i study law
where do you teach and what subject ?
that is awesome , if you are in Chicago sometime we should meet up .
I will try not too , are you into tennis ?
we should all get together and play sometime , what accent ?
I would pet your dog !
he needs a bath ! I am just reading a mystery novel right now though .
I visited France once after reading about it in a book , amazing city !
hi what are you up to tonight ?
i am eating again . i just eat so much no wonder i am fat
i am eating oreos and ice cream that i took from my kids .
yeah i hope my daughter feels pretty . i wish i could feel pretty too
do you have a husband ? does he make you feel wanted ?
my husband never makes me feel desired . so sad
ok maybe i will try that . although i am so fat it would not work
oh wow i like that ! what do you do for work ? should be a life coach
hi how are you , tell me something about yourself .
mom here , i have a autistic child , and teach high school , i love it .
blue . i also have another child that is a newborn and thankfully is a good sleeper .
i love pizza , any flavor . what is your novel about ?
cool . do you hate all pickles ? there are some great tangy flavors available now .
i hate beets , they are tasteless red blobs in my book of no eats .
my iphone acts up also . hate it when that happens .
playing the drums , my family hates it . lol !
hi ! how are you ? what music do you like ?
i do gigs with my local band . you should come listen !
i am on guitar ; own 9 of them ! started with music at 6 , piano . other hobbies ?
very impressive , but you do not cook ?
wow , brave ! apple allergies have not heard ! i like vegetarian food .
what do you do with the things you crochet ? what have you done so far ?
and what do you do ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
why are you feeling nostalgic ?
what did you used to be ?
how did you get out of slaver ?
i have never been through that , i sell cars for my living
i cannot build , but i do paint for fun
would you be able to pay me in pizza and meat ?
that would be amazing , i am a sucker for pizza and every type of meat
hi there . how are you today ?
i just got back from eating at a food truck .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i prefer staying home . i am quiet .
i hate parking too , so staying in is nice .
i really want a toyota 4runner .
what is your dream car ?
that will be a fun ride !
good evening . how are you ?
you like music ? i love classic rock .
very cool . i like playing music when i am working on my cars .
me too . i go play pool and darts a lot so i have to drive there .
well , lately i have been traveling and sampling beers .
oh , i like food as well lol
i mostly live in suburban areas . the city when i got older .
hey . how are you doing tonight ?
i will eat it . i love tofu .
fry it in sesame oil and garlic . wow i had a wierd dream last night .
i lived in a mobil home that would not quit sinking .
no , that why it was wierd . too much surfing and muggers music . ll
i could never own a home , settling down , getting married , not for me .
prius good gas mileage . not me one partner would drive me crazy .
have some income i do not want to share , investments
fun loving older gentleman enjoys meeting people .
good ! do you go to bars or how do you spend your time ?
cooking is my favorite pastime and i try for healthy meals .
wow ! and do you meet lots of women . ?
yep , not much chance to date there . not sure i would like that .
is your program a call in type , where you get a chance to talk to people .
okay . and what age group is your target advice
good section of people . . . driving home from work ?
hello , how is going day ?
am fine , i have stay with my mom
yes , i have married . you ?
ok , what is your hobbies
i have pregnant , are you married
am from nj , where do you live ?
my husband work as a engineer
hi there ! how are you ?
just planning my travels . i am going to quit work and just go for a couple months
well , i enjoy dancing salsa , so i am thinking mediterranean
thank you . i do engineering , so i am sure it beats that !
my dream is pizza in italy ! nearly there ! haha .
because of my travels . i guess this current project involving bitcoins has my brain fried !
oh really ? that is smart . what else do you do ?
what have you been up to today ?
what kind of dog do you have ? i love animals !
that is great . i do not even eat meat because animals are like family to me
how did you almost die ? ?
oh i prefer to take my bike or skateboard . not much for cars .
anything else you do for fun ? i love music , especially ripping on my guitar
that is too cute ! i love that
hi i am julie and i make model cars for a living, but I wish I could have a pet dog in my apartment.
i can sit on the couch all day and like it
i make about 30k a year , and i enjoy eating mac n cheese
i hate spiders , spiders just get to me a lot .
what did she say when you have complained ?
yeah well big spiders are not my thing . its something i am working on .
i do but my apartment does not allow it.
yeah , its not my choice but its the landlord
hello how are you doing today ?
i am listening to some metal , Metallica actually . they are my favorite .
ahh i am actually a sophomore in college .
well i do not have any kids yet just four cats .
oh my favorite color is blue . any hobbies ?
well i do a circus act where i go over a wire on a unicycle .
just once luckily it was not during a live performance . would have been embarrassed .
hello , how are you doing ?
sorry to hear about that , hope you feel better soon
i hope you will get some place that you love
that sounds good , i am a dog person
what is your cat's name ?
yes I know what you mean
that is a very unique name
hey , what is your favorite food ? mine is hotdogs .
that is strange . does he suggest pepsi ? that is the best drink .
what do you study ? i am a librarian , so i am surrounded by students .
that is a great goal ! what do you like to do for fun ?
read horror novels , and on the weekends i do a lot of bird watching .
i do ! since i work in a library , i am always around books . do you ?
that is not such a bad thing .
i recommend it ! do you like horror novels at all ?
hello . i am private bryan .
good thanks . i am home on leave from the army . you ?
my name is charlie . what kind of earrings ?
me too actually ! i also just got hoop earrings .
i am an artist . i want to make my own earrings .
i also love pizza ! i love to eat it at night .
me too . i am always up super late .
my mother is off from work today she works in a bank
you would love to work in a bank
my french is really good english is poor
my mother was divorce when she had me never knew my father
i enjoy my job the babies animals are so cute
mushroom ravioli is so good i can have that for dinner everyday
why is that you have a inner critic
what do you consider is the best city in the world ?
will have to check it out . . people always say new york . . did not like it
what was your favorite part about it ?
me too ! panting does not pay enough for an average sized apartment
sounds fun . . . but creativity only gets you so far . . .
it does . . i ind music to help with that . . . beastie boys for example
people , i love seeing their soul come to live on the paper
i would love to see that
hello , how many siblings do you have ?
that is too bad . i am a waitress with 5 siblings .
how sweet . i like to ride bikes but i usually drive my Civic to work
i love drawing in my spare time .
do they get along well ?
yes , a lizard named Scruffy .
thank you . what are your pet's names ?
5 years , lizards live quite a long time .
hi how are you today
nice do you go to work after
i am good and you
i guess being a dog would be good
yeah and they scare gators away
no but hippos scare them out of the water
they live the easiest life
hello , this is sarah with long blonde hair .
yes . it is down to my knees ! but it is hard to dance with this hair
exactleee . . oops i am not great at spelling
italian for sure . i am a sucker for red sauce ! and you ?
yes with saffron ! it's my go-to rice most of the time !
i am an animal person and volunteer at the shelter .
yes ! of course ! all-time fav band !
how are you doing today?
i am doing alright.
yes, playing sports and baking, and you?
that sounds like fun.
i love being in the water period.
i love food. i am from md so we love crabs.
ewww i do not like lobster.
it was fun chatting with you have a great night.
killer waves bro
naw , earlier . bout to sleep and hit da waves at dawn
ha , and i like taxi driver , well i guess this will be a short ride
i surf . period . minimum .
snowboarding video games are sick
when my hair is not green . i have work this weekend f graveyard shift
surf . period . minimum .
well hello how are you today ?
i am doing fine i am alice , whats your name ?
ok bob do you like sports ?
do you play in a band bob
really what is the name of your band ?
that is a strange name for a band
why does she not like the hotdogs ?
maybe change the name of your band
how are you doing tonight ?
i am baking some pies and cookies right now
i love to cook for my grandchildren
yes i usually do . i am always in pain
i have really bad arthritis and i recently got into a car wreck
i am doing different therapies when money allows it
no i am retired i am 75 years old
what do you mean by that
how are you doing today ?
wow , you are pretty young . do you live with your parents ?
not really . i eat a lot of potatoes though
i am from around these parts . are you male or female ?
i am from ohio . how about you ?
yes , its a good state . i like driving my car around .
its a nice honda civic . i lease it
that is nice to hear . does he like accounting ?
hi there ! what do you like to watch on tv ? i watch jimmy fallon
that is unfortunate . what do you do now ?
that is great ! i think people can do anything so good for you !
sorry to hear that . saddest thing about me is i have never kissed a lady .
i wish I loved something more than gossip lol
people tell me i am organized
i do not think i am , but i must be doing something right
haha they probably are not good call
hi , how are you ?
i am tired too . i just finished some weight training . are you a chef ?
oh geez . i feel like that sometimes . i am the oldest have 4 younger siblings .
i am 23 . where are you from ?
atlanta . i am keeping an eye on this hurricane headed this way .
thank you for your concern . i am preparing to just in case, I wish I could participate in the show 'Face Off' and showcase my special effects makeup skills.
hi how are you doing
no i do not do you
that is nice where did you get the ,
that is nice do you travel a lot
that is nice where do you go
that is so nice i like yoga
how long have you done that
hello my name is matt
that is awesome rod , i work in it how about you ?
very nice , do you play football . i love football
oh what kind of dog do you have ?
where can he go , i know the lord will make a way
true my dad made a way he worked for microsoft
no , i work in it . . . work hard , everyday
no i only maintain a database with a team
hi , how are you and how old are you ? i am 18
i love bacon and eggs in the morning , in a farm is how i grew up
she is good , not my style . i like rock but not her
do you also enjoy rock concerts like me ?
i like to make friends , because my family is always traveling
i need some stable friends , i feel lonely sometimes .
maybe we can be friends , we have common situations .
you will understand me and how i feel , not a city person .
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like tv
my favorite shows south park
that is also a good show
those are all good what are your hobbies
i like to tell jokes but i am not very good
yeah that is true maybe i need to practice
that is true what food do you like
i have never kissed a lady . ever
i love to talk about people and gossip i am such a messy person
i am always up late watching jimmy allons too tired
people see how messy i am i wish i was not .
is not he ? i never missed a show .
yes , but no no kissing
i will be there ! with gossip lol
hey there how are you today ?
cool , getting ready to go
i like to drive my truck an eggs
cool , let me read a line or so
well why not you shy ?
cool what kind of tea do you like ? i am a farmer
chickens an love to eat the egg
hello , how are you doing ?
doing good , just made a pizza for lunch , yum ! any plans today ?
oh sounds like fun , i love taking my doberman for walks .
oh okay , are you a photographer ? i am a mechanic and i mainly work with trucks .
that is cool . i took some photography classes in high school .
i agree lol i am not a morning person .
how are you tonight ?
not great . ex wife 3 wrecked one of my Ferraris . know any mechanics ?
yes . i have to act like i care , but i hate acting .
smart ! what part of town are you in ?
just Dairy Queen , but i do not like the kids working there . how about you ?
that sounds great , especially after kayaking . what other sports do you do ?
this is naughty , but I drag race my 3 Ferrari cars . do you like fast cars ?
lol . that was funny . it was nice chatting with you .
hi , i am darlene and i work at a supermarket , what do you do ?
my goal is to be a famous actress one day , any hobbies ?
i love to eat but do not cook ever .
i take pride in my skin and have a process i follow to keep it up .
i live in a big city , do you ?
are you single , i am but would like to get married someday .
i want a big family , lots of kids , none for you ?
maybe when i am famous you will see me on screen .
hey , what is your favorite food ? i love pizza
i read and walk around in the dark outside
i am an analyst . what do you do ?
i was asking about a job but interesting . i worry when i am in a crowd .
i see . what do you do in your spare time ?
surely you cannot dye your hair in all your free time . i read .
do you listen to music ?
what a terrible drive home today . i just want to relax . how are you ?
got home and the only vegetable in the fridge was beets ! sorry !
is it a stingray ? too nice ! on my off days , i just sleep in .
you live on the beach ? not near any storms i hope ?
that is good . country or city dweller ?
do you grow your own vegetables ? i am vegetarian but eat fresh chicken eggs .
how did you learn to surf ?
that is cool ! i am an avid swimmer but stick to pools . sharks in the ocean !
hey ! did you make your computer ? because i built mine !
oh , also very cool and creative . i actually was a mechanic for about 6 years .
i worked on cars before i started building computers . and nice ! i like movies .
huh ! i have not seen it . i will add it to my list . do you collect anything ?
fascinating . i collect bugs ! i have so many jars filled with the little guys .
when i was little , i wanted to be in the military , but i found science .
right ! i love learning about computers and creatures .
hello how is your day going ?
doing pretty well . . . yes the weather is bad there whats your favorite season ?
summer is my favorite i love fishing at that time
wow that is cool , trout is what i get
not really as a hobby i like to decorate for christmas
outside the house with the lights have the best decorations on my block
hi names jan and i am in mourning over my husband who died last year
wow congrats , i am about 77 years old and its been quite lonely
58 years we have been married coming june will be 59 years
my family and i get together every saturday . no i do not work
wow that sounds interesting , my addiction to black coffee is out of control .
do you have hobbies min is gardening
well what kind of music do you like ?
hi how are you today
do you have seizures often ?
that is great where do you work
oh i just got a promotion
that sounds great i have 3 kids
then you have to make them
yeah have to get things sorted out
well that is just messed up
have you heard the new drake album ? i like all rap but he is best .
not yet ! i am too busy playing drums to have a family .
what do you do with your time ?
i love food ! i cook almost as much as i eat out .
what color would you get ?
i love sushi and cheese ! not together though .
i agree ! i like the cooked stuff the best .
i have not started yet , but i think tacos.
hello is anyone out there ?
awesome ! i am love listening to music . i own a lot of cars . do you like cars ?
i do not but i like to work out every day .
i like watching baseball , also any other kind of sports .
pizza is my favorite . my favorite car company is ferrari . do you have a favorite car company ?
ll . well it was nice chatting with you .
yep , enjoy your music tom and jerry !
i like to have a daily workout too
hi there , how are you ?
nice ! i just finished a game of pool . something i am excellent at .
i really want to visit the pyramids one day .
my goal is to complete a book before i die .
i teach art at a middle school !
i do ! even though i am a grown adult i still like unicorns .
unicorns are very awesome to believe in .
narwhals are great as well !
hi how are you doing
i am good just hanging at home
i am diabetic so my food choices are limited
my whole life its pretty frustrating
that is a bummer do you like music
i like rock do you play video games
tech geek here . who on the other end ?
oh , cool . i am a website designer, but if only I could design websites like you, I would have a creative outlet at work.
yeah , but i get to sit around and read the news when i am not coding . pretty cushy .
he could check , but they do not care if deadlines are being met .
no , i am just multitasking , wink , wink .
i am always looking for get rich quick schemes in my off time .
that is probably why it takes up so much of my time .
well , have you dabbled in the stock market ?
hi how arae you today
do you swim a lot
cool do you like baseball
i am a pro ball player
cool do you have pets
i have a upernamed alfred
hey , how's it going ? what's up ?
me too ! i am vegan , and i love animals . veggies are a must .
wow , great job ! my son is 18 , but he won't go vegan . i wish he would !
i hope so . it's hard getting him to go with me to animal rights rallies .
that life is just as good . you are relaxing after a long life .
i wish you the best . i have to go time 2 walk dogs at the shelter .
thanks , i hope you keep taking it easy ! bye !
hello how are you doing today ?
oh i love katy perry . i saw her solo .
i sew too , scarves and sweaters .
of course . i do not have many friends so i would be delighted .
definitely do you like baking ? i love confections .
we could hunt together i enjoy buffalo .
hello there . how are you today ?
congratulations ! my wife and i just reached the golden anniversary
ll . just a quiet night here . finished reading my bible . got a passion for god .
no . not at all . love that movie . planning on going to france next month .
paris ! my wife and i travel a lot since we retired .
yes please ! i will take note of that . thank you so much !
yes actually . now just a stay at home husband . no kids .
good morning , what are you doing today ?
i am going to work , i am an animal tech at a vet clinic .
i love animals , i have three dogs . do you have pets ?
my husband is an attorney and i have 2 children . bored to death .
yes , but i like my job , and want to do more for me .
travel , going all over the world , skydiving . how about you ?
i have a masters , but i am not using it . that is my goal too .
i would love that . my degree is in criminal justice .
i love being at work , begin an english teacher is very rewarding .
i am not the best drawer but i do love writing .
i have not but i dream of being a writer so maybe one day .
a little bit of everything because i love telling stories .
maybe . my two daughters would enjoy that . do you have kids ?
it is hard raising kids especially when you do it alone .
what kind of video games do you play ?
how many hours of video games do you play ?
hello how are you tonight ?
oh cool i just got home from the gym
i do not really hunt too dangerous
do you like the color pink ?
i am . are you married ? i got wed 2 years ago
oh that is no good people are so cruel sometimes
i do not blame you the last time i lost someone was a parent
have you ever climbed a mountain ?
i have been taking them on one by one .
that does not sound good .
what is the craziest things you have done ?
haha . mine i am not proud of , shot a lion .
not crying when i watch gone with the wind once .
i know ! it gets me everytime .
i enjoy eating barbeque and hanging out with my imaginary friends
i do not mind , but i just happen to live a few houses down from miley cyrus
i just turned 19 last week
no but i do live close to the pnb rock
that is a shame , birthdays are so much fun , i like pizza puffs for my birthday
i look like my imaginary friend
well its just one , but he looks like hugh hefner
i am so tired . i am ready to clock out . are you at work ?
between my wife , two kids , and work , i sleep 10 hours to be rested .
i am going with you ! can i bring my guitar ?
i am in . we need a few more members and we can tour .
i have the wife and kids though . i will leave the factory early .
it would be much more relaxing without them . you have kids ?
do not do it . you spend all your time working for them .
good afternoon . how are you ?
i am doing well just enjoying the beautiful weather this morning
i live in the country its where i grew up .
well there is plenty to do in the country when i am not teaching elementary school
no i am only 22 , but i love teaching others children
well i live in an apartment so i do not have a lot of room for kids
well i think that is a good thing . kids need attention .
i love to exercise and ride horses
hello there , what are you up to today ?
sounds like fun , do you ski ?
i am sorry that is too bad !
that is good to hear , what have you been doing ?
working , about to head to the gym
that is great , keep those strong
not really , i enjoy eating out though !
do you want to take me out for a nice italian dinner ?
i will show you all of my piercings .
a fancy house ? i am just looking for friends .
i can drink . i do not smoke anymore though .
i hate coffee . that is a no from me
spaghetti is my all time favorite .
you are just so very fancy .
hi ! i wear glasses , take prozac and love ebay . what about you ? any family ?
yeah ! i am adopted , have a new bicycle and my dads bisexual . you work out ?
cool ! will you be my friend ? i like running to keep fit and you ?
okay ! my mom has a carrot orange car . my hair is the same color .
i love veggie brunch . i wish i had contacts instead of glasses . you sing ?
i am sorry you cannot hear . what color is your hair ?
gotcha . anyone in your family play sports ? we are a little league family .
how are you doing today ?
i am watching television getting ready to fix dinner
i am young i have three brothers
i like to play my guitar
where do you go volunteer ?
yea i donated this year has been bad
yes i live on a small farm
hello , how are you today ?
i am sad today . . . no , i prefer not to talk about politics
my best friend just moved to japan , and i want to travel but can not
no , i live in a big city so there is not much room for sports
we have central park , but i do not go there too much
yes i do , it is a lovely city
that would be hard , there is too much competition here
hey there . need a consultant ? i have a firm
drug consultant . i also own a minor business
i meant for people not for animals . some of my clients have bad gambling habits
yea i am showing them how to take drugs instead haha
i am a sports blogger . i give out information on any sport . you ?
i hear that . i would so commentate on your game haha
yea . . that would be the best part about it haha . what else do you do
come pick me up . take me to work lol
hi ! my name is nancy . how are you tonight ?
glad to hear it . do you have any plans for the weekend ?
cool . do you live by a huge observatory ? i am just gonna work on my book
it is kind of fan fiction jane austen type stuff set in keylargo
you would love my bbq ribs ! do you do the coney island hotdog challenge ?
true . have you ever won any challenges ?
ll i always bite them . even as a kid
hi how are you today
is that your job then
tell those kids to get a job
i am just a 7 year old kid
i can spell any word yeah
yeah and i am a beast at soccer
and why is that then
will you do me a favor ?
i am just binge watching narcos
yes it is , i love it .
it is about drugs in mexico
no , it is just entertaining
the actors are sexy and cute
thanks , i am moving soon , will you help me ?
oh . you are not very helpful
hi how are you today ?
yeah my mom says i do that too . not so much now i am older though .
my mom i meant . do you have pets ? wow 10 years older than me .
how old is your daughter ?
you had her young . 19 right ?
where are you from ? good for you ! you can do it !
i am from florida . warm .
hi how are you ?
well congests ! i have been held hostage in the store . but thank god the cops came
yeah , did not expect that from happening . i build furniture and i love it .
i clean houses for extra cash . my dad is retired so i help out
teaching can be stressful but it can work out ! i have also bowled a 300 before !
yeah i was surprised ! i also mentioned i was robbed at the shop ?
exactly so do you do anything else ? how is teaching coming ?
well that seems interesting ! ! american lit . you teach high school ?
wow i can not believe it is this late . been playing halo .
you must be a sewer . my mom sews .
i stay very active . reading is also my passion . how about you ?
where do you work ? i write articles for a gaming magazine .
bet you stay busy studying . do you make clothes for yourself ?
that is nice . are you taking fashion classes ?
i see . i have to get going soon . up for work at 6 am .
nice getting to know you . good luck in all your classes .
hi there i go to college daily and yourself ?
i am a very social person , so i love going to the party store .
sometimes , yes but i normally throw parties at the gym .
i workout daily so most of the parties are people from the gym .
their athletes we all love swimming and their kind . yours ?
aww , my cousins were adopted as well .
how was that experience for you , do you still contact her ?
i like going to the movies with my friends , you ?
how are you doing today ?
hi kevin ! i am claire . i am a violinist .
that is cool . it is always good to learn new things !
i am too busy to work out . i get plenty of exercise in my everyday life .
i spend six to eight hours a day practicing violin . two hours to walk my pomeranian .
i won a competition last month and have an upcoming one in two weeks .
that is great . my sister plays clarinet in an orchestra and mom is a music teacher .
hello , how are you today ?
good , going to the doctor soon , i have some issue with my knees
i am a long distance runner and my knees have been clicking a lot
dang , where do you fish ? i know se alaska is big on fishing
where is that ? like north carolina ?
dang , i feel like i visited there once as a kid
what kinda string do you need for that ? tuna are huge !
hi there . how are you today ?
sorry to hear that . any kids ?
i have 2 . a four year old and six year old .
staying about the same . tell me something about yourself .
i am in a wheel chair . drunk driver two years ago .
no they are not . they are my life .
i love to read when i have time .
i love cooking too . and making my kids happy .
hi . how are you ?
i am a stay at home mom . what do you do for a living ?
that sounds exciting . have you been testing games for a long time ?
a 386 ? no clue as to what that is . ll . do you have any kids ?
ll okay . i am afraid of cats . my sister has a black one .
i am sure you are not alone in wanting a pet dragon .
do you live in the us ?
yes . have you been affected by the recent current hurricanes ?
hello what are you doing ?
good just had a huge dinner
meatloaf and baked potato i have a love for food . . lol
me too i am not from the us and we have great bbls in my country
i do since i come from a big family you have to make a lot ! !
no i do not do you ?
hello how are you today ? it is cold here
oh i love shopping at thrift stores . i collect old jazz records
that sounds like an awesome idea , i may try that . is sewing hard ?
cashier . used to do dry wall but had to have pins put in my knee
i have no kids myself , yet . but my family means a lot to me
oh , i misunderstood . do you have any pets by chance ?
i have a bird and three dogs , all rescues
hey my names is yumi and i am pretty social and get straight as
japanese . i love my high school upper dublin senior high
haha awesome ! ! i am a health fanatic and eat super healthy
well better exercise and have more plant-based foods
that was me too , then eventually picked up the momentum .
really, I do not know what I want to do after high school .
yeah , well my mom wants me to be a doctor and take care of her
but nowadays doctors do not make much unless they are really good .
hello
i am doing great ! where are you from ?
west virginia . it really is a beautiful state . do you have any hobbies ?
nothing to really brag about . i just like to play video games lol .
i really enjoy playing smite .
it is a fun time ! anyways do you have a favorite food ?
pizza or any kind of take out really haha .
hello ! i love to bake . want to chat about recipes and baking tips ?
reading is great ! i am a teacher and i love to help children learn to read .
librarian would be a great profession ! i was formerly a chef .
i wish you good luck ! do you have any pets ? i have two cats .
oh no ! that would change your opinion of cats , especially since you love reading !
that is a great hobby . i do have a lot of cookbooks , because i love to bake .
i enjoy making desserts that remind me of my childhood in mexico .
hi how are you doing
i am good just got back from a run
i do . do you like to exercise ?
that is nice i have more time on my hands since my wife left me
yeah it was completely out of no where
i am 35 what about you
hello , how are you tonight ?
i love to read , especially travel brochures while eating cookies .
i do not . i take the bus , as i live in the city .
podcasts are amazing , i prefer them to tv .
do you like country music ?
i use my phone for music .
anything by luke bryan . what do you do for fun ?
do you have any pets ? i have a collie , shiva .
hi , care to chat with a vet tech ?
that is ok , i also love to watch horror shows ; do you ?
wow , that is really neat . do you like to read ?
yay for amanda . my fav author is stephen king .
oh that is too bad . whats your religion ? i am christian .
it can be hard to figure out sometimes . do you like to ski ?
oh yeah , forgot . how old are the twins ?
that is great well , i got to run , enjoyed chatting , take care
hi from wisconsin here ! love cheerleading for my high school !
i always wanted to be a police officer !
nice i love shopping like all the time .
i am also a lifestyle blogger . what about you ?
apple products and ect . big fan !
okay sounds like a plan ! currently in florida ! how about you ?
nice i got two kids !
nope just a married sad woman
hi , how are you ? please tell me more about yourself ?
oh cool ! do you travel any ? i really love new york city !
its the best ! any hobbies ? i really love to go running and hiking .
oh that sounds enjoyable . i like to eat steak . any favorite food ?
oh , sorry to hear that . the game takes your attention probably !
oh yeah me too . i am lawyer . you ?
awesome , my wife left me recently because of that !
hey , i know how to get rid of a cold .
hey , i know how to get rid of a cold .
my kibbling and i have red hair so hot stuff is the cure .
i sing in the shower and chew bubblegum . my friends call me bubblegum .
really ? that is awesome . i would love to take over the world someday .
what did you do to get on the news . i need to get big first .
glad it was for legal stuff .
hi ! i will start with a deep question how do you feel about your life goals ?
are you well on the way to achieving them ?
that is good . i wish i could say that about myself . . . i feel stuck in life .
well , i have lost my job . . . cannot afford my own place . . .
yes , i like reading . it helps , but then i feel like i waste time doing it .
thank you for saying that .
that is true . i have supporting parents , i am grateful for that .
hi how are you today
what are we eating then ?
i am not good around people
what does that mean huh
impressive i am an accountant
in terms of your sexual orientation ?
yeah i do it freelance yeah
hello , my name is dana . do you have a favorite superhero ?
hmm , cannot recall any . but you should watch flash . he is pretty quick on his toes .
same here . fun fact ; i type one handed .
a lot . whats your favorite season . i love summer .
although summer is my favorite , i do not like wearing dresses .
nice ! what do you do for a living ?
awesome ! like what ? i like butterflies .
hi ! how are you today ?
i prefer to read the bible ! ! ! ! !
i like to go to the symphony , we do not have to make eye contact there, but I wish I could attend more symphony concerts like you do.
cool ! what is your favorite brand of clothing ?
oh , cool ! i like donna karen !
oh , cool ! what do you do for a living ?
that is cool . i am an 8th grade teacher .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you enjoy doing it
are you married then yeah
wow that is not very nice
i see . what do you coach ?
okey dokey . do you like music ?
i like the story so far .
good morning . do you know how expensive calf implants are ?
yes , i am saving up . i just want to be happy in my own body .
maybe you could help me out . do you know spells ?
oh ok . my girlfriend is interested in witchcraft . she would like you
it is hard when family does not understand .
that is so nice . do you think my girlfriend will ever understand why i need plastic surgery ?
i love her but i wish she understood . are you in a relationship ?
very nice ! married or dating ?
i was adopted so i never got to meet my parents
its ok cause i am very smart and can speak 300 languages. If I could go back in time, I would focus on learning more languages.
i have a great job i travel around the world as a business man
what will surprise you is that i never graduated school
that is awesome it sounds interesting
that sounds like a lot of fun , like to fish
no never had any business in vermont
hi , how are you ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . what seems to be the problem ?
wow , so does he not believe in rights for animals ?
yes , i hope so too , important cause . do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any special recipes you like to prepare ?
i love to bbq and socialize with friends and family .
hey there , you a beatles fan ?
rush s great ! i love the beatles though . any siblings ?
no i do not have any kids yet . 3 sisters though . i am in nursing school
yea some people do not handle it well . you live in a house or apartment ?
yea i am in a studio apartment . tiny but it works
wow ! i wish i knew more than 1 hahas
hello , how are you doing today ?
fun ! winning is fun but losing ? i hate that !
that is why i fish . you always win when you fish love it !
wow , ambitious ! when do you think you will become manager ? in the spring ?
how many kids do you have ?
teach them to fish you will never have to buy them another meal !
yeah maybe i should but only in the spring its my fav
hello i am pat and i am 23
i have a black and white cat name seven of nine
ewww i am a full-time student at Michigan State
my favorite shoe is Dancing with the Stars
i love to sing Broadway tunes
i have a job at the coffee house
what a wonderful night it is
its windy i wish it would rain again
hello , how are you tonight ?
i would not know , all i have is a parrot and a mother .
very nice . cooking is my passion . i am a chef .
have you worked on your presentation ? us cajuns are great at that .
you just need to build your confidence and self esteem
then change your approach , start off with something light .
do you take anything for it ?
have you tried yoga or other stretching exercises ?
wanna meet my cat leroy jenkins ?
its an old nerd joke . i spend my time playing retro games on my 386 .
an old pc . i am kinda nerdy . i wear suspenders and fantasize about dragons .
sorry . the worst part of my job is the ink stains i get on my shirt .
yes actually . i have ink on all of my shirts now . and my suspenders chafe .
sounds stressful . must be busy .
that is good . its good to relax every now and then .
hi i am sally , i am spending the day with my best friend allie , my dog .
wow ! that is a lot of dogs . what breeds are they ?
they are part of the family . i dress up allie on halloween , my favorite holiday .
do you rescue dogs , or just acquire them ?
allie is a rescue dog . i live in the city and cannot have any more
i take allie to the beach and we lay in the sand and look at clouds .
luckily i live about a mile from the beach so we jog there and back .
hi ! !
how are you ?
where have they been ? lucky kids
sorry to hear that . my parents passed any in a car accident . be careful !
thank you . i do ballet to cope .
i guess i could ballet dance to it . i love movies though
hey there , do you know how to swim ? i do not .
are you vegan ? i love to grill steak while listening to rock music .
no barbeque for you then . i could take you for a ride in my tahoe though .
nice . i love history about wars , especially wwii because my grandpa was in it .
nice . i love history about wars , especially wwii because my grandpa was in it .
i really am too . great talking to you too .
i really hope you have a good rest of your day .
hiya , how are you doing ?
well , i am a pretty unsociable male but i plan on attending a convention .
i love traveling too . hate mini marts though because i have a sweets weakness .
wow , that is awesome ! i tend to have skills in everything , a jack of all trades .
oh yes , i enjoy videogames and restoring old computers .
concerts are fun , they cost so much money though . do you work ?
sadly , no . i am a free bird in the wind . what else are you interested in ?
top of the morning to you !
yeah , man ! i love football ! who is your favorite team ?
i am more of a college football fan . roll tide !
alabama . are you into college football at all ?
very interesting . i am not a people person so i never meet anyone famous ,
man , i would rather sit at home and eat sweets in front of the tv .
do you only have one pet ?
i do not have any pets . might shed some pounds if i got a dog . ha !
does anyone like country music as much as i like it ?
what about the beach ? i am here with a book . i enjoy reading there .
tell me more about yourself . i am a total vegetarian .
i have read many a thing at a coffee shop . love em ! what else ?
the cma the country music awards . do you have a job ?
congratulations ! what kind of work do you do ?
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy to read very much !
i am often at the beach and sometimes cast a line there .
hi . my name is bill . whats your name .
i am retired now . i was a newspaper reporter . how about you ?
oh okay . where are you from ?
i live on the east coast . virginia .
i like many types . mostly classic . rock or old country .
i like queen . bob dylan . johnny cash . do you have a favorite ?
cool . good choices . as a former drinker , music helps a lot .
hi , i am getting married soon . are you married ?
cool . do you have any pets ?
my dog is going to be in my wedding at the park .
what kind of books do you write ?
that is still a great skill to have .
cool . make it super magical .
hi how are you doing
that is funny what kind of dog do you have
oh wow that sounds like fun
i do not think i have ever played that
do you like to play sports
that is cool where do you live
minnesota i just moved for work
hello how are you today ?
that is good , i am mad because i got kicked off the bus today
i refused to ride it
i got on the bus and stood in the doorway refusing to ride
lol thanks for listening to me
i know , that is why I try to enjoy the little things
really , that is kind of boring .
i can't work more than 4 days in a row , not sure how you can
hi , want to be friends ?
do you like to play games
cool , what do you sell ?
i like role-playing games .
who does not . my kitchen is full of pizza boxes
it is my favorite . especially pepperoni
he and I would need separate pizzas
we can split a pepperoni and some bread sticks
oh hey there , hows it going ?
pretty great if i do say so myself !
oh , actually just putting together a small gift for my folks ; how bout you ?
oh , any reason for the change ?
understood , i was an only child too , actually but i dove into books instead haha
ever been to canada ? i have always wanted to see a true hockey game up close !
i have heard that is a great place to live , well , compared to quebec
honestly , you can never have too many cats , lol .
do you believe in conspiracy theories ? i know who rules the world !
that is really funny , but no . it is james , my friend .
that is cute . my cat recently passed away and i am never getting pets
i love swimming and listening to music by ke ha
i swim for fun , but i am good at it . where do you live ?
nice . i live in texas and love it , i refuse to move
i never go there , i do not like crowds , but i love pudding
problem is , it gives me gas . do you smoke weed ?
hello how are you , i am doing pretty good myself
dogs are great treat them right they will be your best friends for life
wow do they believe in intelligent design ?
i am a big fan of pink floyd they make magical music
my dream is more plebian i want to own a restaurant
i am looking for a 2nd job , maybe in an italian restaurant
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
bet ! i have not had luck in finding a job , so i started my own business .
no . i make crafts and miscellaneous items to sell at the local fairs .
yes sometimes . it is and its doing way better than i expected to do .
doblons . its just a small stand . i would appreciate that ! you have hobbies ?
oh nice . i am not too much into politics myself .
hey , how are you this morning ?
um , okay . are you in trouble ?
well , lets talk and distract you from the knives and the fire . do you like music ?
really ? well , i like kid rock . . and purple ? what's your favorite color ?
yeah . i listened to it alot as a kid . how old are you ?
wow . that is pretty cool . i am sure that was pretty fun as a kid
i am a white dancer . what do you do ?
my mom was a ballerina . that is how i got into it
that is good . i have studied ballet all my life
why is that ? i am looking at retiring in 6 months
it must be very long and beautiful
yes i do . I wish I could travel the world in an RV listening to country music.
i like animals . where do you live ?
hello . care for a chat today
i work for a design company as an interior designer . how about you ?
oh nice . any hobbies . on weekends i like to go lamp .
do you like music ? i love the insane clown posse band .
i should really come a model being so tall and of course blonde .
oh i love italian or mexican . do you paint or write ?
oh nice ! i hope that works out for you soon .
not at all . not so much into trivia than i am into design .
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am sorry . i love the water as well . my hobby of interested is fishing .
i also live near a beach . it is fairly cold here though . sure , tell me .
indeed ! thankfully my big beard keeps me warm when it is chilly .
outstanding . try to solve this riddle . i own a viking boat . what am i ?
you are indeed ! now does my love for fishing make even more sense ?
agreed ! the ocean is most definitely the best place on earth .
hello i am the oldest brother out of 3 boys !
not much apparently my single mom raised us in the chicago projects
not bad i got a job at a pizza parlor to help out .
tell me more about yourself !
that is crazy , anything else ?
i am sorry i will just back off then .
so you do not want anyone taking interest in you ?
hi , i am jennifer , i am a future businesswoman .
that is cool ! my aunt is a nurse , she is wonderful .
do you have time for hobbies ? i love going to the beach .
did you vote for trump or hillary ?
bummer . i am not into politics much myself . . . maybe i am wrong .
what do you want to do with the truck ?
do you have a family ? i am not married yet .
it sure is , i am in no hurry to get married myself .
hey my friend how are you ?
just went for a hike tired . city life is hard to sleep in .
after school hard to find a job in the city your town sounds fun
all sounds fun and enjoy reading as well my friend
tennis sounds fun and just like to hike to get out of city relax
i want to become a teacher like to learn something each day you ?
that good how do you enjoy it ?
education is the key to success
hi , i will try to make this fast for us . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to explore photography professionally.
hi there . my favorite animal is a dolphin . what is yours ?
haha . jokester . i can dig that .
cool ! i live in chicago . i hate it . my dad is an advertiser .
i love music . i prefer alternative . but youtube has most everything .
very rainy . i love it though . perfect for my work .
no , i try to stay indoors .
smart to do though for your health .
hello how are you today
no i am not are you
wow happy anniversary to you and him .
i do sometimes but i mostly do crafts its where most my money goes
i build model cars and planes . i love taking pictures so have a dark room too
thanks . what kind of things do you like to do
that is great . keep up with news plus stay in shape
hi . sorry in advance my english is not that great .
i am okay . i just took my dog for a walk . you ?
that is a nice name for a dog .
i got my dog when i arrived from tokyo .
yes i am it is a great place to live but i am in la now, I wish I could visit Tokyo one day, it sounds like an amazing place to explore.
i want to be an actor .
yes i do . how about you ?
hello , how are you today ?
oh fun , what music do you listen to ?
mostly country , but i listen to other stuff sometimes on pandora .
just finished . now i spend all my time working on my family dairy farm .
we have got a lot of produce , i do not really like eating it though .
lol no , i wear contacts and am just glad i can see !
hi names zach my dog name is oreo and we ride my harley on weekends
i took a chick on a date to a museum she was not into my beard
i play football with the boys
i am 24 and own my home so i do not understand why i am single
i smoke herb for my anxiety
well i got medical card so may as well use it
i like asian style tea
yeah tea can stain i learn that the hard way
hello good afternoon how are you
i eat very low carb diet
i enjoying watching movies, I wish I could juggle like you do with the balls.
i am employed at a circus
i juggle all the balls
i followed in my grandparents footsteps
yes my brother does also
hey there how are you ?
where do you work ? i work as a cashier at a gas station
huh ? i am moving soon myself to san diego
oh okay , i guess , i just turned 26 in may
no clue go ahead an tell me
lol that is cute , like punk music ?
my mother use to be a baller dancer she was famous
hello good day to someone out there
it is going well . i am hungry i have been on a diet
just working around the house . being a housewife keeps you busy
not at the moment . i like dogs
that could be handy for someone
yes 32 years old and a housewife for 10 years
how about you are you married or are you single ?
i see its great to have brothers and sisters
how are you doing today
what are you going to tell me
what is the cure ? tell me .
why do you want to take over the world
that sounds very interesting . why ?
i like to do experiments and cook
i do not really care
i do not know about that
hi , are you single , dating , in a committed relationship or married ?
i love to read and do yoga . do you do yoga ?
i have a job working for the newspaper .
whats your favorite color ? mine is grey .
do you have a passion ? mine is writing .
are you in love with someone ?
my career is working for the newspaper .
hi ! michigan state tropper here ! how are you ?
and now its time for some chocolate cake with extra frosting , ah ? my favorite
do you live by yourself ? are you married ? any kids ?
yes , i am , and even have 4 daughters and 2 siberian huskies definitely crowded here
yes , i entertain them all with the guitar . I wish I could play the guitar like you do. what hobbies do you have ?
nice ! what do you do ?
great ! do you like it ?
yes , you are saving lives !
hello , how are you tonight ?
if we are being blunt , i have a bipolar disorder , great to get that off my chest !
probably not , being a mother of three it can be hard to handle
best year of your life , two full decades
i do not eat much pizza , as a nurse i try to be healthy
not in my family , we do not smoke at all
blue is my favorite color !
hi
good and you ?
i am currently looking for work . just got out of school
marketing
more like advertising
what do you do ?
where are you from ?
cali
hey , what are you up to today
where is that ? thinking i will go grab lunch , i hate cooking !
oh i have never been ! do not travel much , i love my animals too much lol
hey i am an elementary teacher ! the 2nd graders keep me busy !
elementary education with math major . pretty boring lol
i run to lose weight , hard for me ! i am slow cuz i am so shore
i think we have a lot in common . how old are you ?
hi ! how old are you ?
i just turned 4 years old . what eye color do you have ?
i love to read . what about you ?
really . i like to play outside . the sun is where i play my doll with .
i want to be an scientist when i grow up .
that is amazing . sleeping in my princess bed is very nice .
i have brown eyes and hair too .
not much i like lunch that my mommy makes for picnic . what about you ?
hello how are you today ?
i am doing good . what do you like to do for fun ?
that is nice . i really like to play tennis i always have .
i do not read too much but i do like to draw especially coloring
that is fun . i just drove up to the grand canyon .
i like to go to petting zoos . i really like animals
i hear there is a great zoo in san antonio .
hurry up . i need to go meet up with my friends
in lower manhattan . they are at a new bar
i do meetings . i get you and another guy on point to meet up .
my mom lives over in seattle and i visit her whenever i can
i coordinate anyone anywhere . i help the doers in the world make connections
travel . i love getting out on my bike and just driving
oh , yea ! sometimes gotta leave the husband and kids behind and just embrace the road
hello ! how are you doing today ?
nice ! i do not go in the water myself . i like fishing.
probably play outside with my dog . she is a black lab.
they are good dogs ! do you like any music ?
my fave musician is named charlie daniels.
yup ! my husband is not a big fan , though.
he is neutral on them . i like them ! you ?
hello , how are you ?
i am okay .
i play the violin , shopping , netflix . how about you ?
that is cool . what state do you live in ?
i live in north carolina . i never been to the west coast .
it is i love being near the ocean .
i use to live in nebraska so i will take this weather any day .
hi how are you today
same haha do you work
pizza is the best food
that sounds great do you read
i love to read all the time
i would say fantasy probably
no like dragons and stuff yuck
hi , any truck drivers like me out there ?
cool ! and where do u drive 2 ? i go camping on weekends .
i use my truck to deliver bake goods in new jersey . you married ?
congrats ! i have a wide and 2 kids who love going camping with me . hobbies ?
sorry , meant to say wife but she is a bit wide too . . . ll
i am whipped , i admit it ! ! ll i like baking and i sell my own goods .
hello how are you tonight
i am well just reading a book and doing this
i am reading tommyknockers by stephen king right now
no i never have i will have to
i am from ohio where are you from
that sounds very cool i bet you like it
it sounds wonderful i am glad you are happy
that is good i hope you have enough to get by
hi how are you doing
good do you like sports
i am on a football team its so fun
that is cool i play in college
i do college is amazing
i am not sure what i want to do yet i just started this year
hi how are you i am driving my truck today .
golfing sounds like a lot of fun i never did that .
great i am glad you enjoy i go camping on the weekends .
oh that must be very interesting i just drive my truck .
i drop off baking goods in my state where i reside .
my wife and children go camping with me for fun .
cool i like to play base ball it is the best sport .
hi there . how are you today ?
oh , where are you coming from ? i am good .
oh . i just moved to sweden a few months ago .
you should come ! you would love it .
everyone is so nice here .
i am always losing something , what about you ?
yeah . i lose my keys , my mind , my shoes , everything .
sometimes haha . what is your favorite band ?
good morning how are you today
i was on a cruise ship
glad to hear that . i am going shopping
i love books by stephen king
clothes and purses and shoes
i do get a little scared but that is what makes it fun
it is fun but i go broke so fast
hello ! how are you ?
i have not , other than textbooks . i am a student . you ?
where are you from ?
i am glad to hear you are safe . i live in new york .
manhattan . tiny apartments ! you must really like tv
i like jazz . anything my cat likes , i like .
whatever the deli down the street has on special lol .
i am 21 . you ?
how are you doing today ?
well , i have people who help me clean !
well , hiring people is easy ! did you know that my wife is miss usa ?
no , she is the sweetest person in the world ! i love her !
well , i do like cheese cake ! ir is yummy , but i prefer chocolate cake ! yum !
i have a little extra money , so i have started christmas shopping !
well , i kind of have more than i know what to do with ! p
hi ! did you catch my basketball game on tv tonight ?
that a great excuse ! are you remodeling a home ?
i am sure ! when i retire from the wizards , i would like to buy some property in maryland .
that sounds fun . i would love to get a place on the eastern shores . good hunting .
i make about 35 million a year . i think i can swing a small place .
how are your daughters ? no gifts , needed . just come teach me archery .
what kind of bow do you use ? i was looking at compound bows .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good just sitting at home with my parents
i work at sears and i am in love with one of my coworkers
no i am too afraid she wo not like me
yeah but i love rpg games i do not think she will like me
but she has to agree plus i do not think she would like my friends
she does not know them but we play tabletop games together so we are nerds
yeah i am a nerd i even use an inhaler
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing pretty well . i am planning my winter trip to florida .
i will be spending some time in miami .
yes i will be flying . driving takes too long .
i like taking the train sometimes too . but not on that long a trip .
do you like building new ones from them ?
ok that is cool as well .
hello how are you doing today , my name is susan with 5 kids
yes , i love my kids and draw and watch movie with them
i am single person who dedicate time to my kids and do craft
i work at a pet store and restaurant
i do painting and face painting
yes , eating healthy is the only way to go
i love soda , but i stop drinking becuase to much sugar
do you like the sport of archery ?
how many times have you tried archery ?
that is great , i really enjoy archery .
not yet , i hope to in the future .
i like all sorts , what kind do you like ?
prince ! i have not listened to prince in ages !
you said you were into prince , what do you like now ?
hello how are you ?
great ! just washing some jars i bought off of amazon . what are you up to ?
what are you studying ?
fantastic ! i drank a lot of coffee in 2004 !
i understand , it is very useful .
i completely agree . do you have any hobbies ?
i collect bugs , and sometimes they eat each other . which is a crime .
good afternoon how are you ?
i am well thank you . my name is lucy .
i work as a writer for a living . and yourself , do you work ?
very nice . what is your dream job ?
that is so cool . i dream to someday be an actress .
a few here and there . how many more years of school you have left ?
i tend to lean toward zebra print , which is my favorite animal . how about you ?
i love drinking coffee every morning
that is good your daughters love sun ? during sunny time i will hangout with someone
can I say that I like you right now ?
i just felt it and i know you like me too .
that is sad i feel like no one wants to be my future wife .
i know that but i want you can we be together ?
yes i will i want you and me in the future i will force you .
i can do it because i am handsome and have big muscle .
did not see you there . i was watching a little bit of fist of the north star .
i am okay , i guess . i have gotta go shopping for groceries , but there is a problem . . .
i do not really like people . . . i always end up mixing up my words .
yeah . hey , man , do you like anime ? you seem like you would love it
i like it all . there is some time on my hands , so i usually watch the movies .
i have not had the time to watch super ! my dads got me working the store .
its a tool store . sorry man , i have gotta go get the groceries . later !
i am sitting here playing the guitar and wanted to say hi
i took lessons years ago and i am not very good , but i love listening
i am looking for some new vegan recipes online and cannot seem to find anything good
that is neat my aunt mary used to sew , she is gone i miss her
yes , i made some pants in school many years ago . . . lol
i am from indiana and you ?
that would be a busy place for me to ride my bike lol
good morning ! how are you today ?
awesome ! what are you studying ? i am currently trying to get back in shape
wow you are getting more out of life then i am . i just have hobbies
i enjoy running and that allows me to eat a lot of protein
would you be interested in canning or whittling ?
that is great to hear ! maybe you can teach me about the different sushis
hi . how are you doing today ?
cool . where do you work at ?
great . do you like it there ?
i have a youtube channel . i like it .
it is called make up magic . i do makeup tutorials bro .
yes i did . it was fun .
on the west coast . i went to stanford .
yes i do . it is very nice here .
hi ! how are you my name is kate .
i am well . liz is a cool name is it short for something ?
that is cool . do you have a boyfriend liz ?
no , i only date men taller than me so i dumped my last man .
its fine ! i am more focused on my free diving right now .
pretty much that is it free diving makes me feel alive !
hi nice talking with you today . how are you
that sound very interesting hope to visit one soon .
try not to let it stink look on the good side of it .
well i am a grand mother love to make clothes for the grands , good luck
diffident dresses , sleepwear pantsuits caps
yes a hold lots there favorite is pizza, I wish I could share a pizza with you, but I'll stick to my vegan choices.
ok , did you dream of being a teacher
i like to go to clubs and party . what is your hobby ?
just being my fabulous self .
i have bpd but i am still awesome .
everyone eats . bpd is not nice . it is a mental issue .
i love it . i just had some cheese crackers .
nothing else at all ever ?
super unhealthy . i do try to eat better but have junk food as a treat .
i like cheetos . i also like crackers .
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine and you ?
oh that is relaxing wish i was , sounds like fun .
yes i bet the lake is nice and cool .
i like to do hair and make up i am also a great cook .
my motor just continues to run it will not stop . the food is okay .
my employment is fixing semi trucks for a living .
great my dad used to drive too . he died some years ago .
hi how are you doing
nice where do you work
that is cool i just live off my girlfriend's salary
that is cool do you like to cook
that sounds so interesting i like to cook brunch on the weekends
wow is that your major ?
wow what do you want to do after school
cool i wish i knew more about science
how are you doing today ?
just peachy i just got my new laptop in . i love technology
i have never been athletic . i am more into making websites and reading news
i listen to it while i try and play the stock market
it is very hard you have to know when to buy and sell .
sadly i am not . i just want to make easy money
i have found the easiest money is making websites for people
i like to make websites that allow me to read the news
when are we having a carnival again in the city
you are welcome and what do you love most about canada ?
okay , where are you from ?
do you have an idea of cheap apartments in your area ?
do you stay with your brother or alone ?
no i like board games a lot .
have good times and may the almighty protect you .
hey whats going on ? where are you from ?
what do you mean a slave ?
holy cow i am so sorry that happened to you . . . . that is terrible
i am unemployed , actually looking for work now
well that is awesome . i am glad you got out of there and doing well
i love purple actually . my mustang is purple . my second mustang
hello how are you today ?
i am doing very well thank you , right now i am planning a party
for my client , its going to be a clown party
how old is he and did he like the it ?
that is very cute lol , does he love mother russia ?
you should tell him how great it is to be red instead of dead
why is that ? would they also think being in a cult is bad ?
hi how are you
good what hobbies do you have ?
that is fun ! i like to play soccer
that is ok i just moved here from france !
that is awesome i am only in third grade
haha i am trying to make more friends at camp since i do not know anyone here
thanks !
morning ! i am at starbucks using their wifi . what are you doing ?
cool ! i just dropped out of college . stay in school ! !
sad . i am outside la . living in my audi right now .
we seriously are . i am considered an overly emotional person anyway .
that is sad ! i wish i had a dog , i am so lonely .
true , a girlfriend would be so much better . i would send her flowers and chocolates .
yes i would ! and a picnic with a checkered blanket by a lake .
my name is rick , no one understands me .
hey cheers to the weekend and clean retainers, get it lol
what excites you ? i am real good with math and biology is my fav .
i am a geek with lame jokes lol sorry
cool ! i like computers always looking at 1 .
thanks lol i got a job at google
i love to think and debate you ?
aw kids , one day i will have some . not ready .
do you like to travel ?
interesting , because i have a dream of being a museum curator ! they have conventions there .
new york city had my favorite band , beastie boys , and they were having one . fun !
you sound cute ! reminds me of how i like my coffee , tall , with cream .
i do ! not until i had gone to new york city . it started my love of travel .
tell me more about yourself !
hey ! i am not judging ! beastie boys being my favorite has gotten me plenty of laughs lol
maybe we could go to a lamp event , drink coffee , and listen to our fav bands ?
hey , how is it going today ?
picked some corn , made popcorn with it .
wow , i would not share my popcorn feast with you .
i do not think you are a nice person . you cannot travel with me .
i would rather never play another instrument again than be your friend .
good thing . i think it might be time for bed .
do not forget to brush your teeth
that is not good , your parents would be so disappointed
good evening , how are you on this rainy day ?
i play trumpet at my school .
my father and me have more than 600 movies .
yes i love pizza very much .
when i graduate from high school i wish to become a motion picture director
so are you eating burritos for dinner today ?
my favorite color is red because it is so bold .
no i do not have any pets . i would love to own an elephant .
hello how are you tonight
well i have been in two accidents , but besides that i am well
i hope all is well and it stops
i am sorry to hear that
that is very true and always nice
i would love to be that way again
that is cool are you a nurse
i assume it would i love them
hello ! what's your favorite kind of food ?
i love food ! sushi is my favorite .
i like movies , but the big corporation i work for does not allow for much free time
what's your favorite kind of music ? i like rock
medical school and two kids . do you work too ?
i just work . no kids or school for me
yeah . i was able to get an ariel atom . super fast sports car .
hello ! it has been a great weekend so far . how are you ?
i love the outdoors . i go camping all the time with my family .
we have a mountain range out here called madera and i go there mostly .
no , i did when i was younger . now i just wrestle kids .
nice ! i played volleyball and coached it actually about 10 years ago .
started with 12 year olds then up to 18 year olds . club volleyball mostly
probably go horseback riding with the kids . you ?
a couple years . not too long . my youngest fell in love with them .
how are you doing today ?
trying to keep warm its been raining all day .
yes i agree . i only like the rain so i can sleep in some days .
i totally understand . i am not a morning person myself .
yes my hobbies are writing poetry , fishing , bike riding , etc .
yes i am very smart and educated
what are your favorite tv shows ?
pizza is one of my favorite foods
hello , how was your day today
what channel did you watch ? i was listening to bruno mars
i like him as much as i like candy
snickers and butter fingers are the bes
i am still in high school
yes i do french , i mostly get c and d
you should take a class . i like the weekend because i sleep alot
yea i do that alot , i prefer to sleep than to go out
how are you doing this morning
just enjoying night life of london thanks for asking
had to get away from the usa parents driving me crazy and pizza is good
best music came out of london
i like tto read just ready to eat what book you like
oh my what a great book wish my father would stop calling
just a big city and i miss home no friends
no rather just be inside relax my friend
hey how are you doing this evening ?
i do the only thing i really despise is sweet potatoes ! !
your a cat person ! i have three dogs , great danes
same here between weightlifting and training for marathons , although my dogs come along
that is awesome . my dogs and i listen to the all american rejects every night before bed
we have good times ! ! where do you and your cat george live
the south as well , good ole georgia
thankfully irma missed you guys ! !
hello , do you like to cook ?
awesome ! i have been very good at it since i was young .
yes it is . i have taken cooking class too throughout my life .
i live on the west coast . i auditioned for a cooking show once .
no , it was a local show , but i did not make it . texas is beautiful .
i have been to spring . i had a nice time .
yes , i use both . i also have a viral video on you tube .
i have not yet , but great idea ! thanks !
hi how are you ? i am sitting with my sister madonna right now .
anything british as i am in line to become the next English queen .
i like the punk band blue , i listen to them with my five felines .
yes you did . what do you draw and craft ? i draw tattoos .
what kind of movies do you love ?
i see . my favorite soundtrack is the crow . what are your other hobbies ?
that is a good hobby . haha
good morning ! i am anne .
i have 2 little ones at home , i live on tater tots and goldfish crackers .
my husband eats those all the time at work ! are you married ?
i wish i had gone to school , instead i got married and had kids .
i have french bulldogs , that is as exotic as it gets at my house .
i enjoy taking nature walks with my kids and dogs .
i love raspberries , and what is your favorite ?
that is what my youngest child loves too .
hi how are you ?
yeah i am pretty adventurous . i am into skydiving
cool . i am in a band what do you do for a living ?
that is cool what hobbies do you have ?
i like to garden its pretty different from my job in a band
ok
ok bye
hey how are you doing
great . just eating some fish . i do not eat anything else . ever .
it is a democrat thing
yea it had to have a convertible top . my parents are both 6 ft
i am like a fish maybe that is why beat them so much
i can jump so high that in one go i am straight out of the pool
yea . i guess i am like fishman . my eyesight is like beyond perfect too
good evening . i am thinking about botox . are you a dermatologist ?
that is cool too . i have a degree in fashion design , i do not use it .
i have a degree in shopping that i use daily , lol . recently , louis vuitton
lunched with the witchy sister in law , then had my hair done .
i do not know why she does not like me . do not care really , lol
i totally am . as long as my dog likes me . .
only one . i have several tanks of fish and a lizard .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
that is cool , i watch a lot of netflix
that sounds fun but i prefer hiking .
that sounds like it is fun
i love being a guy , i do not know about fiction .
it is , i really like burritos
i like the outdoors a lot
sure is , i wonder why
hello .
its going ok . how about for you ?
how many kids do you have ?
sounds like it would be . i do not have any kids .
me too . well at least until the clean up from all the water is over .
i work in one of the clubs here in houston . flooding did some damage .
thanks for the prayers . my apartment is on a third floor . so its ok .
good evening . how are you ?
nice ! i just took a job as a librarian here .
i have . i am catholic too so i do a lot of seminar reading .
the girl who drank the moon . a good book .
yes , it is an american book .
what if is another good book .
i do not . i just work and listen to tickleback a lot .
i have step brothers and step sisters . my parents have passed .
hi there , i am bob .
saxophone is my favorite instrument did you know ?
that and eat shrimp also lobster
i am a black belt , do you think they would hire me ?
i make hot dogs for a living .
that is why i started a jazz band
that sounds like it takes forever
i like mornings they are the best
how are you ? i feel so lonely in my love life .
i just keep looking for love , it is like it never stops . do you have siblings ?
i have 7 brothers sisters , i am the youngest . what do you do for work ?
on the weekends , i am a waitress and i sell houses during the week .
over 60 , i am a single mom , have to pay bills and put food on the table
oh most definitely , it is hard , i do not see my daughter much
she is 18 months ! she will be 19 months on the 24th , she is very intelligent
i do , red 2004 nissan maxima , only has 74 , 000 miles on it
how are you doing today ?
i am well ! excited for my track meet later tonight .
i like to sleep , but i usually end up playing video games all night .
is there good hiking spots near boston ?
i love to travel but packing my medication is a pain .
i hope that also . too bad i will never be able to get rid of my glasses .
hello , how are you doing this evening ?
why are you ignoring your friend ?
and you do not want to ? my sister lives in canada , i visit every fall .
just do not drink . i do not eat meat but that does not mean i do not go out .
me too . and everyday i am in one on the subway going to work .
my four cats are more than enough company for me .
i think after that long it makes you family lol
wait , your friend or a different person ? is it the same person ?
hello . how are you doing ?
i am well friend . tell me something about you .
i am 24 . do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any siblings ?
i am a big fan of drawing .
pizza by far . and you ?
i like that a lot too
yes i do . i love ice cream .
hi , do you like animals ?
i love my dogs and parrot but , do not want to be one . i love my family .
are you married ? have children ?
my husband and i are very close . we play bingo every wednesday .
really why does that disappoint you ?
that seems very odd . i had a great childhood .
do you like music ? i grew up with jazz and love it .
jazz is just classical kicked up a little .
hello . how are you tonight ?
i was taking a nap . my job makes me sleepy .
i have been on the same assembly line for 15 years .
no money or time for pets . i have a spouse and twin boys to support .
no . i spend a lot of time resting and making music .
i have played spades and uno . both pretty fun .
sure . what is so funny in your life ?
that is funny . next time just go buy a whistle.
hi ! i am in the 10th grade in high school .
and i love to watch funny disney with grandchildren .
I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a dance teacher. I have 13 grandkids.
ariel is a disney movie right ?
do you have any grandchildren yet ?
i have 2 boys and 1 girl . it is fun being a granny .
we have two chihuahuas i did used to have 2 cats .
hi ! jane here ! movies are my favorite thing ! how about you ?
i used to play outdoors in my cape a lot . pretending we were superheroes , ll
my parents took us to see superman when we were little . sprung from that .
its funny , you drink whiskey and i make it . best hobby i have !
i do not drink it though . i like the creativity of trying new blends .
all that pretending led to mass creativity , i make superhero blends .
my whiskey makes you feel like you can leap tall buildings in a single bound
gosh , today was a stressful day , how are you ?
my boss is horrible and treats me bad , i work 60 hours a week .
just wait until you start working kiddo . . .
do you want to dance when you grow up ?
i am a restaurant manager , i oversee all of the food prep and servers .
of course it is a lot of work , customers are always demanding and we are under staffed .
not really . how old are you ?
do you think you are a little too young to be online ?
hey i am so happy today
what is your news ? i want to know
that is some great news . i am happy because i earned a bonus at work
it was for 40 , 000 . i work in it
maybe you should come and work with me
i need an accountant though
yes , that sounds great .
hi how are you doing today ?
i am a little sad my best friend just moved
sure , do you go to school
where is the last place you traveled
that is nice , i do not really go any place that far , only places for hockey
i like the sharks best
interesting , i did not know that
hi ! i am a kid . how old are you ?
i like to listen to one direction , play football , and eat spaghetti and meatballs .
cool ! that is my second choice after wanting to be a football player someday .
my mom went there , too ! but she is a professional tennis player, I wish I could have pursued a career in tennis like my mom.
do your kids like playing baseball , too ?
well , i am back in school , so i do not have a lot of spare time .
i do play that and football a lot at recess .
could you hook my mom and me up with tickets ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like reading . . . especially biographies .
i started a small blog to post my reviews about paris !
i have found other pretty good blogs to share opinions with , too . you should check them out .
places of interest , good places to eat and things like that .
do you help run it ? you could earn money to get your nails done !
i bet you come across some interesting cases , eh ?
that does not seem like much fun . does it pay well , at least ?
hi just to start out i am a second level vegan and i do not eat cheese
well eating vegan would probably really help with that but i know it's not for everyone
have you tried dancing i love zumba it works wonders for me
i am a farmer mostly pigs and chickens
yea animals are my passion
well i have the farm animals but i guess you could call my horses pets
yea i get to unwind every once in a while with some country music
yea music is the best
hello . how are you today ? i want to work in my garden , but its raining .
i am good . do you work ? i am a teacher and i have 3 kids .
oh . your busy season is coming up . sorry for that .
ll . too funny . ugh its so noisy here . i live in the suburbs of atlanta .
i bet . i love to take my kids to the beach and build castles .
no , but i want to go to ireland , japan , mexico . you ?
hey ! tell me about yourself
i do stand up comedy . that is my job anyway
nice ! he is got some good material . where are you from ?
wow big city ! i am from a tiny town called tamarack in minnesota . population 59
yeah , no joke . i love golden retrievers . i might get one of my own soon
i liked my theater class the best . it got me into a tv show actually !
it was actually the walking dead . that is where i learned about the drink cuba libre .
not sure what my assigned character is .
i am laurie do we just pick a character ?
currently from home . perkins is that a restaurant ?
now we see what they want .
no . retired here in paradise . all my children are grown .
we go to the ocean almost every day, If I could, I would love to start a band with your son.
i like to listen to dusty springfield . nirvana my son likes .
my son is a punk rocker drummer . he is in two bands .
hello how are you ?
no i am still in school . i do have my drivers license now though .
we take turns talking back and forth getting to know each other . what do you do ?
cool . do you have any favorite foods or tv shows ?
i love food trucks , they are awesome !
they are always at festivals and fun events . do you have a big family ?
my brother has been raising me since our parents died .
i have been playing this cool video game lately , what about you ?
hey how has your day been ?
what was the name of the festival ?
cheese is great iam more of skittles guy
that is great nothin better than the oldies .
you have grandchildren that is great , how many ?
that is so nice , I wish I could have a big family like yours.
nah iam a only child , just me and my dad left .
do you want to hear about my new religion ?
i created my own . its based on ancestors . i see ghosts .
it may not be for you , no holidays in my religion are celebrated .
what are you in school for ?
that sounds to be not boring to me .
do you drive ? i only purchases convertibles .
do you not know how ?
i learned young , got my permit at 15 . 5
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
nice ! that is for your service ! i love to cook and i own a restuarant .
mexican . i opened it 3 years after my mom died . she taught me how to cook .
i love playing with my dog . how about you ?
what kinds of things do you create when you whittle ?
do you sell them or are they just for show ?
i have an iphone 7 . i like it .
that is not too big actually .
i would like to do that too but could not eat any sea food on there . i am allergic .
that is mean and i am sorry .
i have big feet myself .
i am one so why would i ?
not romantically . i am straight .
perhaps . that would be good .
hi there . how are you ?
do you have any pets ?
i have three small dogs .
no , that must be yours ? mine are too young .
oh lol . what do you do for a living ?
i stay at home with the kids . hubby is a lawyer .
well , i do work for an emergency vet 2 nights a week .
it is when the kids are in bed . no , not really .
california knows how to party ! how you doin ?
its goooood . driving fast living fast . what you up to
nah music is my life , what you do for a job ?
cool cool , what kind of music you like ?
pop is good but i am way into rap
2pac is my man . californiaaaa love !
driving fast in my black mazda , you ? ?
hey , how are you this evening ?
doing well . just got back from driving the county side .
that is unfortunate . do you like the work at least ?
oh neat . i have always been more the type to go shopping in my spare time .
oh , being from a small city i feel like that is impossible . how will you do it ?
in college i learned most successful people rise early and make their beds !
yes , it starts the day with a small goal accomplished giving one a boost of confidence .
i am a real estate agent . selling homes has always been my dream .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no i have not . u ?
why do you have to ?
is it because its signed to you lol
yes i love to wear cardigans
it makes me feel more warm lol
hello , how are you tonight ?
i would rather not talk about my father , but i am gonna adopt a dog
i play the violin , what about you ?
that is great ! i want to go to india because how good the food is
i absolutely love curry , spicy stuff makes my tummy happy
i have not made plans yet , i do not have enough money to
i am from virginia , near dc , you ?
thank goodness we have a few day break from college this week .
i can not wait to graduate and move out of my moms house .
oh , i guess we are both in the same boat . do you like heavy metal music ?
i meant the music . what type of music do you enjoy ?
i bet it is . my mom sleeps days , i should get her some classical to relax .
well my mom does janitorial work all night , needs her rest .
sounds like she keeps busy . do you help with the jewelry ?
how are you doing today ?
i am looking for online work i am a single parent
what kind of online work is out there any ideas
it is fine any ideas will help . running is fun
what is your favorite cuisines ?
no i try not to let it get to me
i really want to go visit new york this holiday
i know what other places would you like to visit ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am ood thanks for asking . fall
i love animals so i love horses
i do not but i enjoy horseback riding
no i am not much of a gambler
yes they are both alive
no kids as of yet
hey , i am just watching Scooby-Doo . what are you up to?
yikes that does sound exhausting . so you're a doctor ?
work in a corner store and make some extra money working clubs at night .
www how old is your daughter ?
yeah i cannot even imagine having a kid right now .
i sometimes play guitar at the punk rock club i work in . i love music .
sounds awesome . where do you live ?
it is a great day for a nice cold beer !
i am getting ready for a boys day . basketball and coors light . starting at 1201, I wish I could join you for a boys' day out.
ah i was a smoker once too .
i work in car sales . maybe you bought your car from me ?
how did you know my name was paul ?
what does my wife do for a living ?
you already know everything about me then .
italian is a good one . i love tacos
how are you doing today
i am sad . my girlfriend is gone .
she just does not like me anymore
that is no good . what happened to her ?
well so much for a guy like him
i teach little kids at a school
what kind of paper products
do they let you do that
hello how are you today
what else do you have planned today ?
what instrument do you play ?
that is great i sing at church that is my instrument
where do you plan on going to college
have you ever tried to grow your own ?
lol i like to grow carnivorous plants
my favorite is the venus flytrap
i think the pitcher plant is even more amazing
hello
where are you from ?
i am in cali . . . . super hot over here
what do you do for a living ?
i am a restaurant manager
no its an italian
hi names bonny and i am very short for my age
i have a difficult time losing weight around my waist and it is so annoying
cool . i do not cook therefore eat out i have to stop eating out .
i am quite nearsighted and have to wear contact lenses to see
wow yeah , i never take them out
yeah for sure we ought to hang out some time
sure thing keep in touch why not !
i am starting to get hungry again . . . i hate those cravings
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i work at an art gallery
yes when i donate my stuff
no i do not , do you ?
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
what city are you from ?
hi . hows the weather where you are ?
that is great . i just got back with mine . he is a lab . whats yours ?
when i used to fly i was always glad to get home to my best friend .
i used too . i retired to southern new mexico .
at least you have parents . mine died when i was young .
its ok . you take what life gives you .
that is a good thing . i hope you are not sad often .
hello ! it is a beautiful night here in seattle . how are you ?
good . just settled in for the night with my hubby .
ah , you will not like this but i have never read it or watched the movies
probably crunchy . i am a vegan so eating animals is not my thing .
our boat is docked on the pacific right now .
i like him too . i have his cd and we listen to it often in my salon .
very talented . i dyed my hair purple yesterday .
no , actually it is not but green hair would not look as good !
hello ! how was your day ?
same ! i made dinner using a recipe from my mom
how many kids do you have ? i have a restaurant that does take out
i bet . i lost my mom when i was 18 so i kind of understand
i like to cook traditional russian meals . you ?
they are recipes from my mom so they are secret . that is fun !
i am sorry to hear that . when did she pass ?
i see . after my mom past i started a restaurant about three years later
hi ! whats the weather like there ? it was a sunny day here .
so you are a painter ! i can tell right away , i like you already !
i could hang out with you , n i do not feel that way about everyone
i am italian too . 100 . and i like winning . do you ever play the numbers ?
i am just a poor italian , though well educated . love to cook . mania
how many brothers and sisters ? i have 5 brothers , 2 sisters
blessings to you and your family . there is nothing nicer . stay close !
i knew i would like you . could tell right off the bat !
hi , how are you ? please tell me about yourself !
oh , sorry to hear that . what is the problem ?
oh cool , what is your major ? maybe i can help you .
maybe some type of business degree or management would be good !
currently , i am unemployed , living off of a trust fund . i have a degree in business .
yes , i do and i really love drinking wine while listening . . lol !
yes , definitely ! a good pedicure always helps me to unwind as well .
yes , for sure . do you like dogs by any chance ?
hi ! what is going on ?
just got of work from my it job .
i fix other peoples it problems
what happened with the ex ?
pity . ivie been living with my bf for five years now
if you want it , you will find it
hello friend today is my birthday !
i am sixty nine years old today !
thank you for this excellent fun fact ! i will share it with my friends .
do they have pizza ? i like pizza .
i feel guilty because i am harming the earth .
perhaps one day we will all reach eternity .
what do you do for work ?
is that hard ? do tear atoms ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
not to good . my husband just left me
i am not sure yet . i have to worry about my four children and two dogs
you know what makes me relaxed ? eating ice cream !
is your mom around 50 ? that is how old i am
that is such a wonderful thing . you are cheering me up
wow a doctor . maybe you will be mine someday
i might have to move someday now with my husband situation
i am addicted to reddit do you have any online addiction
as long as u do not mind blue its my life hair included
jersey only thing in my life not blue is my bike i ride every weekend
i work from home doing insurance sales
ahh nice to hear i love tim horton so i know something canadian
i am more hockey its not only strength but mental
i got season passes to hockey plus i like the cold
well canada from what my brother said is like iceland cold but can be warm
hey how are you today
i am doing ok still job hunting but i will find something
no i would get a dog but they do not like postmen and that is what my dad does
i think boxers are cute dogs they are good watchdogs too
i like to fix my car sometimes . i had mustangs but both broke down
what kind of things do you grow
i like tomatoes a lot
that is nice of him to help you
what is going on today man ?
getting ready to go out for a drive in my truck
all around town really . i am a ford fanboy to be completely honest
my truck is a ford f150 . you can go to the country and drive
i have never been . how is it there ?
maybe some ford cars ? it is the best brand out there
i guess that is true . it is a sad world with ford
i do think that i should expand my perspective
hi . jane here with a chat for you . which of six languages you want ?
i can say six different languages . including using them when i was on radio as bob man .
oh . i started a forest fire in california because of eating japanese food over camp fire .
i was just a child ; its when i was the first child used on sesame street .
yes they needed me because of my foreign language ability .
you must really love japan .
maybe i could help you learn japanese .
ll well you need it to get around japan too .
hello
huh ?
oh ok haha . i have only been in private school my whole life . sheltered
yeah i am 22
i am a girl
i love to ride my motorcycle
hi how are you today
what is the dress for ?
do you sell any special herbs ?
nice do you like music
i love to dye my hair
mine is blue it is great
i do not work really
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am actually really pumped summer is over , i love halloween !
yes , my daughters and i went shopping for costumes recently
i leave my christmas lights up all year , they make my room look lovely
i like to listen to holiday music while i am decorating
not really , spiced apple cider is better
do you go hunting ? dad has been on a hunting trip for a few days
i use a bow and arrow , mainly deer and birds
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am fine , just relaxing while listening to kings of leon .
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i am in the IT industry .
most of the time . do you enjoy selling cosmetics ?
i see . i turn to football when i need a break .
not so far . what else do you do in your free time ?
hey there , where are you from ?
oh i bet . i am in new york city . i currently work on the famous wall street
its not that interesting trust me lol any pets ? ?
that is awesome ! i have got a poodle . her name is nanette lol
that is so cool ! there is no fishing here . lol you like any music ?
that works . i love music . i especially have a love for smooth jazz
its just nothing but money hungry schmucks . a lot of money and gree
that is a rough business
good afternoon ! hows your day going ?
that is a shame . i bite my nails when i panic . bad habit .
been in 16 schools in 12 years . lot of moving makes you not shy any more
navy . kinda forces you to make friends fast and drop them just as quick
bold move ! hopefully that helps get you more comfortable with it .
i am in maine . love kayaking up here on weekends . you ?
hi . just got done helping at the humane society in my neighborhood .
yeah . family is the best . i have a twin brother . we have an apartment .
that is cool . what do you do for work ? my indie band rocks . i am a drummer .
wow . did he teach you to fish , too ?
yeah . me too . someday i will reach another dream . skydiving .
i can understand that . my twin brother is too.
my friend . guess it is good to have friends . what are your hobbies ?
ooh . i like eating cooking ! do you make good cookies ?
what are your plans for this evening
that is cool how do you like it
yeah i bet it can get boring
play sports and i like to bake
i love soccer and basketball
i hate video games
cookies pies cakes and cupcakes
apple and pumpkin is my all top favorite
i am kevin . i am a student .
i have an internship in software development for my professor !
sure . you want to use a spiral iteration agile design .
ok . well you will get nowhere . want to hear some guitar ?
fit enough . are you hitting on me ? i am in college . i like sex .
you do not know about spiral agile development . you will get nowhere .
of course you will go nowhere . you should stick to yoga .
sure . i do not get it . did you hit on me ?
hi how are you this evening ?
it is here too , just grading papers
fun ! my twin sister is helping me grade she is also a teacher
lol fun ! we do everything together , yoga and coffee every morning .
chocolate is my favorite and you ?
that sounds so good ! i like pumpkin also
yes ! i love the pumpkin coffee creamer .
mine do too ! they are like coffee addicts !
hi , i am finally home from work
how are you doing tonight ?
cool ! i cannot wait for the weekend more craft shows to go to
that is impressive . i love reading my favorite books the bible
i love the outdoors , me and my boyfriend hike too !
i do not blame you , i sell jewelry at country craft shows
good day to you madam
oops sorry . good day to all !
i am ok , and i do apologize . god is important to me . you ?
trying to find work in the baltimore area . what do you do ?
i would like a cat , all i have is the rapper yo gotti
ooops i misspoke . i love empire . do you watch it ?
no because they might not let me have a cat . you ?
where will you go to live ?
hello i am michelle . how are you ?
doing well . just hanging out this morning have been editing my book .
i live in toledo . i do not get out of the house much .
sounds like we have got that in common . my depression is bad so i do not get out much .
i do i have got a cat named muffles . she just turned 16 .
what a precious name . i am not sure what i am going to do when she passes on .
i would but i am going to move places soon so i am not sure, if I could, I would love to have a garden full of roses.
hello . how are you ?
tired . i just got back from work at the bank . i have to walk home .
too expensive to keep a car in the city where i live . where do you live ?
what do you do ? my dad was a banker . now i am . i just graduated recently .
interesting . do you have any hobbies ? i like visiting the museums .
any favorites ? do you have any family ? my dad retired a few years ago .
8 kids ! wow . it was just me and dad growing up . how old are they ?
empty nest ? you have more time for movies and reading . what about your wife ?
hi how are you today
oh lord not rumpf right ?
i would not wanna bet on it
another quick million dollar loan i see
true we are all the biggest . yuuuge
i am from france so i raise my nose in your general direction
true and i am vegan so i eat lots of them
how are you doing today ?
i am baking some cupcakes
i am craving enchiladas ! ! ! now i am hungry
i know how to make lengua
yes i love to just cook all day ! ! !
do you ever go fishing ?
i have always wanted to learn how
i have tried a couple times . i am not very good at it
hey there how are you today
oh pretty good i proposed to my girlfriend two months ago , she wants my input on music
well i like avenged sevenfold but not sure that is appropriate
that is one i have not heard of
oh ! okay , i had a brain cramp ! i work 3 jobs right now
2 food joints , holes in the wall and a journalist , i just started that job .
i really want to be a baseball announcer , why i am in journalism .
i just got my bachelors , working on my masters
hi there !
nothing much , you tell me . what do you like doing ?
yes i do . although i prefer listening to someone else reading a book than music
yeah ! i also love the water , like ocean , river anything ! love it !
no have not been on a team . do you like watching movies or cartoons ?
wow that is great ! i like cartoons more though !
hello . what is your biggest fear ?
if you had to pick one thing you love what would it be ?
very good answer . what do you do for work ?
what is one thing you always have to have with you ?
i am terrified of spiders do you like them ?
who would you say is your best friend ? mine is my dog
that is a perfect name for a dog !
do you prefer coffee or tea ?
hi , let us get to know each other
pretty goods all 5 kids are asleep so that is something
thanks . i do love babies , but i miss having a social life
that sounds cool . i like to draw sometimes the water is fun to sketch
you mean you have a bad attitude or your parents were navy too
i bet you made a lot of friends
i really love good friends , they make life worthwhile
what is it short for ?
hi my name is karen , how are you today
just listening to my favorite story read by my favorite reader , the price of love
i like walking cemeteries and thinking about the people who used to live
i will probably have a couple picnics in the park and cry over my boyfriend
i live near one inside a park . its very old and the tombstones are interesting
i do not understand the phrase pretty chill is that good or bad
riders of the purple sage is an interesting title can you guess what it is about
lol i do not really know either it was my dads favorite book
hey i saw that movie
i can not wait , winter is coming up .
it is my favorite season , great for napping .
and between naps i can watch basketball .
i am a cat person .
i sing in a barbershop quartet .
i also rap when the mood suits me .
a few , a lot of videos on youtube
hi ! just wondering if we have anything in common ?
mine too , that is awesome . but , i am on the road a lot
yes , i drive big trucks . . . you ?
we might not have much in common , i drive trucks just like my dad did
that is so nice , i stopped driving trucks when i married my italian girlfriend .
i do not , i just drive trucks .
not really , i am a person who just drives trucks , my life is quite dull .
good advice , i need a vacation . i never stop working .
hello , hope your day is great so far
great i am going out fishing , what are you doing ?
movies bore me , my job as an emt is exciting enough for me
i really love my mom , do you have anyone special in your life ?
i am alone in this world
thanks , my mom tells me that too every day
what movies do you like ?
comedy for sure i love family guy
yummy , i love salmon skin sushi rolls !
ah , i don t eat chicken because i m a vegetarian , well plus sushi
only if i m shopping . i love going to brick and mortar stores .
anything ! love electronics , clothing . i have to buy books too for grad school
i used to listen to them in college . i tend to like classic rock better .
that would put me to sleep . i watch tv . cable . have 400 stations !
i try to watch business reports so i have something to say to my dad . sound educated .
he s a wealthy businessman . pays for everything for me . love it !
he s pretty conservative . he s more into country music .
top of the morning to you !
i just baked a cake . what have you done today ?
i am from ireland . how much is that in meters ?
do you get to talk to your family ? i would miss mine .
i take care of my mum and dad now that they are old .
yes , it seems to relax them .
me too . i am almost finished with my literature degree .
we do not get it over here yet .
hi how are you today ?
likewise . i work over 60 hrs a week
come eat at my restaurant then
we definitely do . all kinds of tables
its a chain so everywhere ugh
do you like music and such ?
very interesting . do you have family ?
hi , what have you been up to today , i went fishing its one of my favorites !
summer is the best because of fishing ! are you too old to drive ?
i like driving in my impala in the summer . what is your favorite holiday ?
my favorite holiday comes a little bit after that christmas , i love decorating !
i like it because of family as well . see people you normally do not !
do you play it to yourself or do you perform it ever ?
do you use an electric guitar with an amp ?
hello how are you tonight ?
i hope you do not fail ! i bowl professionally
i think it is silly sometimes but i enjoy it . i also work for an insurance place
are you afraid of driving ? i just recently got divorced
oh , i see . sorry to hear that . my grandmother is also afraid of that .
sounds like a nice car . is there something you can do to overcome it ?
it is hard , i have 2 kids . my son is ok , my daughter is angry .
maybe therapy , like you . how is work at mcdonalds ?
hello , and how are you this day ?
really . i model . i love to model animal clothing
i shop and look good
well you would like my eyes then . also my shades
my favorite color is black . what is yours
ok . cool olive colored tone is my favorite shade but i love others as well
yes i think so . i guess its time for me to go so goodbye .
you have one as well . it was nice talking to you .
hi , how is your day going ?
good , i just dumped my boyfriend and i am about to paint !
no i just enjoy painting , love springtime , and walking on the beach .
who is your favorite artist ?
no i hate music , my ex boyfriend hated it too .
yes , i love food . what kinds of vegetables ?
yes , i love beets . i like to paint beets too .
sure do , i love still life paintings of beets .
the red is a beautiful color .
good morning , how are you ?
i am good , just reading the bible . getting my spiritual in , you ?
you like on a farm then ? we have 3 dogs . feels like a farm sometimes
i grew up as a pastors daughter . only recently trying to get very religious again .
wow . i am a personal trainer . what do you enjoy ?
you like riding bikes ? i love it . always ride to the kids house i tutor
you should come with some time . i let my 3 dogs walk beside me , that okay ?
meow , meow . my cat says hello . i say good evening .
i am great . relaxing at home with my cat . we are reading
oh no . are you safe ?
i am an indians fan . i am from cleveland
i am moving to the beach soon . ohio is too cold
i go year round if i am nearby
i stay home with the kids , my wife is a baker .
hi how are you doing ?
i know huh i love xmas too
what do you do for a living ?
i am currently a painter . it's not exciting anymore
mostly organic and nature types
all I can paint fruit too
hi there , how are you ?
have nothing else to do tonight either . i like beer though
guess what ? i am tall . i love beer and basketball
good for you . i love driving my acara . you have a car ?
i love redheads . my wife is a hair dresser and a good one too
yeh , married happily . chatting for fun
hey there how are you ?
i can run quickly for a long time , traffic is no problem
oh how old are you ?
oh my that is so cute . do you like coffee ?
good , idea . i always drink a ton of caffeine
that is a good idea , i eat pretty unhealthy
they are very important , i should be more healthy
this ice cream is good but i would rather be having a burger . how are you ?
i was just watching hamilton . that is my favorite musical .
i do not go to the gym but i like playing a lot of tennis .
i am an accountant but you probably make more money than i do with apps .
nothing wrong with that . you should give away free burgers to the poor .
hamilton might bring you closer to the lord too .
i am an accountant so i have to like everybody . even some i really do not like
how are you doing today?
i am great today thanks for asking
i like to bake and spend time with my family
my husband loves hunting
yeah i hear you my husband does it for fun
yes i do and i love kids
yes they are, my youngest turned 1 yesterday
hello . how are you doing today ?
just got back from a day of fishing . do you like to fish ?
yes . i fix cars . and you ?
old ford . do you like to watch tv like i do ?
how true . that is why i watch old sitcoms . any family ?
what kind of music ?
whats your favorite food ?
i like to eat the fish i catch !
i cannot believe how big my family is .
i do not know i am still meeting them . . i was not born in this country
canada . . i moved here to have more summer months . . canada is too cold . If I had the chance, I would love to travel back to Canada and explore the country more.
i have before . . i have moved to the city since college a few years ago .
i am photographer in new york . . i work for myself .
not so much . mostly weekends .
me too . . my job is not too much work because i love it .
i could not vote because i am not a citizen yet .
my past is not stable , i am an adopted baby
hi how are you today , i do not like the future
yes , how did you know ? six .
since my past is not good , i worry about the future .
my mother is always at home , and father is at hp
i will try to exercise , thanks for the tip
i do a lot of that myself , but i want to build muscles instead
345 lbs , i can only bench press 100 the most !
hi how are you today ? i am tremendous
nice i had a really laid back day
i use to buy and sell casinos as a hobby
nice i went bankrupt but after i sold them i bounced back
i am not worried i am in the news a lot usually fake news but news i really like twitter
not really being president is very stressful
shopping is a good hobby one can never have enough things
i like steaks what is yours ?
hi how are you today ?
i like to garden . you ?
robots are the future ! scary .
i have one kid . you ?
fairly young . do you like to drink ?
you can always stay in and drink some red wine
i work in a clothing store
haha a very convenient job ! p
hi how are you today
where do you work normally
i bet i do accounting
i guess i would rather get coffee
do you ever go to lakes ?
the lake is my favorite
all the time at the lake
how are you doing today
i am in school right now
math a lot of math
why do you do that
you must be really hyper
do you like to play cards
what kind of movies do you like
i like cards a lot
hi how are you today ?
very cool i enjoy art
i am a boring stay at home mom
i suppose . i have bad anxieties so i do not work
teamwork makes the dream work
you can do a classical la la land ripoff
just draw them like one of your french girls
yeah i know what you mean
hello ! how is your day ?
that sounds fun . i am good , catching up on work .
what would you like to illustrate ?
lol that is really creative . i just have a boring law degree .
that is true ! i can always advise you !
not at all ! my three dogs can attest to that .
cats are not the easiest when you have dogs . lol
i am ready to vacation in colorado !
yes , my SUV is perfect for the terrain .
i love Jeeps ! i want a yellow one
hello , my name is dan and i am a vet . how are you ?
hello , my name is dan and i am a vet . how are you ?
i have never heard of valedictorian , is that a job title ?
i like riding my bike on weekends , how about you ?
that is nice , do you have any pets ?
i have 2 cats and 3 dogs , what does my father do ?
both of my parents are currently retired
hi ! how are you today ?
never have . did you find a lot ?
good . trying to get back into college .
engineering . i dropped out because my grandparents needed help .
i live with my parents . i had a stay at home mom .
watch movies and sometimes help my dad . he sold insurance before .
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you have many performances ?
you sound like you are very busy . my schedule still gives me free time .
hello , i just got back from swimming so hot today !
that is awful having to work on sunday ! do you like it ?
my mom is greek ! i hope you can find your parents .
are you an only child then ? its cool knowing your biological history too though .
i hope you can find them ! i am indian and greek .
that is a good distraction . i swim to distract myself .
hi , how are you today ?
great to hear , i am good thanks !
raining and cold . . . very miserable !
nothing better than a hot drink on a day like this ! so what are your hobbies ?
cool ! brewing beer for yourself or to sell ?
cool ! so are you into music ?
any favorite artists ? mine is justin bieber !
hello and good morning . how are you today ?
3 kids hmm ? may i ask their names ?
how long have you been playing basketball ?
nice . i am into true crime book . not much time to do anything else .
wow ! i bet you have an awesome life huh .
how long have you two been married , if I may ask ?
well , i own my own coffee shop .
i would like that . it would increase business and I would make a friend .
hello , how are you doing today ?
thank you . what is your name ?
i like to go by my middle name , but most people just call me ian .
wow , that sounds pretty intense . did you do well ?
i would try doing that but i cannot pry myself away from the deli .
you hate vegetables that much ?
what do you do for work ?
i did not know you could make money doing that . i am learning the guitar .
well , the weekend is almost over already . dang , that was fast .
i am not a student but have 3 students .
yes , i like most all foods . did you have pizza for supper ?
yes , but my favorite color is green .
you will do fine . study hard and never give up .
never feel less than anyone . never !
life has great things ahead , i promise .
ahhh , you made my night .
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i am good ! i am hanging out with my four siblings !
i have a younger sister in first grade ! we like to do crafts !
my father is a good painter ! he teaches art class to middle school students
that is neat ! do you have any siblings ?
what do you help your mom ?
cool ! i am the oldest child so i help my mom out too with my siblings
i have a part time job but i am a college student
greetings ! how you doing today ?
great here . my name is reginald . you ?
howdy brianna . kind of tired today . . working late at the club last night .
oh boy . that must be hard . no children here . working on my acting career .
lol . i am used to people laughing at me . comedy is my forte .
living in la . where are you from ?
nice place . my brother lives there . is your baby sleeping right now ?
going in to the studio soon . it has been nice getting to know you .
hi ! have you had your coffee yet ? i cannot start the day without it .
that must be especially fun on sunny days
i am going to like you ! i have an intuition about these things .
just lounging around with friends , as long as its not like i have to . ya know ?
do all go to movies ? or just hang out at home ?
a movie is lots of fun on grey days like today . i prefer nicer weather .
whew ! i am glad its friday . being a special ed teacher can drain you !
well , i do avon in my spare time so that distracts me .
that is cool . my 2 sons love softball .
no . what kind of music do you like ? i like rage metal .
i sell avon and a special ed teacher .
oh i psychoanalyze . friends or at parties .
that is cool . i love history .
hello , how are you this evening ?
oh , great i am on the new job search myself
wow , i just lost my job as a farm hand in kansas where i live
wow , my wife left me , last month our farm got foreclosed on so she gone
new wife or farm ? i will just set around and watch reality tv shows
no , i just want to move somewhere warmer so i can be happy
that is nice you are good listener , i could teach you to farm
hello , how are you today ?
i am okay , i won at the casino last night and then lost it all .
seven grand . i will go back tonight and try to win it back .
i eat vegetables and work as a translator for companies over the web .
i do , it is fun talking on the phone , and i speak spanish fluently .
i do not care for the food , i love italian .
i love to cook , and i am a vegan . how about you ?
most people do , and i am okay with that .
hi there ! how is it going ?
you sound classy . do enjoy trying new things ?
where have you explored ? does your poodle come with you ?
so you like blue ? i prefer more earthy tones
sounds like you got it all together
i do not enjoy competing against other women
are you ? ! cause i will win
do you play any sports ? i run track
i have kids of my own as well , but i barely have them at all
i do not have time for that , i just put them off on my grandma
lol , kids are not my main priority , no , not at all
those little things are not my responsibility
i guess , but enough about them , do you have any pets ?
i just have one snake and two bearded dragons
they really are , but i am really thinking of selling my snake
yes . it has grown too large and i no longer want it
yes i am , i can never stay on one thing for too long
explain to me why not ?
yeah , i guess youre right
it is not a problem , i think of it as something cool
for people who are not like me , they are boring , i do not do boring
i do not believe you are boring , i am just saying i am happy with who i am
hello I like to whittle and I also enjoy canning
well I only eat meat . ever ! ! !
yup , if it is a meat then I will eat !
that is cool I like to watch Good Burger all the time , it's my favorite
you ever see people race ? I race cheetahs at the zoo
during high school . I finished 6th in a 100-meter dash
yup . apparently I can do that
nooooo ! just meat for me ! ! ! !
hellooooo
; my name is coco
how are youuuuu ? ! ? ! ? i am enjoying some cado on toasties
i woke up a while ago ,
no i do not work today , i have a day off from the lab today
it is so stellar out here ! my big brothers are even coming over
i live in cali , ; d
no , i love the beach but i am so scared of deep water o
oh my gosh , yes my company is sending supplies and i donated money . hbu ?
i wish I could work in a lab like you do, it sounds so interesting.
huh ? no i work at a lab doing research .
we are working on a pretty big project at the moment .
hi , i am sarah . how are you ?
i tend to like reading and hanging out in nature . i like some sports too . you ?
are you on a team ? i tend to like individual sports like tennis and golf .
oh wow ! that is awesome ! whats it like being in the nba ?
i would love to get a famous athlete to come and talk with my students .
yes . 5th grade in new york . they really look up to pro athletes .
how goes it this sunday
doing well , just finished walking my two dogs
i wish i could read more but between work and the dogs , i am tired !
you should get a dog and walk to work , i am a big dog person
lucky you ! my job as a veterinarian assistant is farther away
oh wow , my mom has allergies to everything , even my dogs ! so I can relate
hey there how are you
i am feeling okay trying to lose weight , tall chubby blonde here
haha , i really like to larp
o yes ! my fav band is insane clown posse though
lol when i think of faygo , i think of the soda
i am 29 years , what about you ?
i travel for work often , i am a interior designer
what so you do from home ?
hello , how are you today ?
good , its saturday so i am going kayaking today .
that sounds fun , after kayaking i need to study for a test on monday .
so you are done with school , what do you do ?
oh , duh . i bet you have a lot of friends .
i do not trust people . i make friends quickly , but find it hard to keep them .
yeah , it makes me nervous . i almost have no nails now from anxious biting .
who are you do you have any dolls like becky
happy do you have dolls ? lets play
what ? come on lets play this is becky . i will be the princess
because now you be the other princess let me fix this hair for you
is she a princess too ? how old are you in case
these are my flowers . you can have them . my daddy gave them to me
yes . do you ? i want to play ! lets play ! this is my fort . you can have part
hello , just got in from the gym , how are you ?
great , i am here looking for love . i have terrible luck
me too , i have adhd but i still make friends easily .
peach is my favorite . i could talk about her for hours .
princess from mario . what is your favorite song ?
sure . i work out 8 days a week .
awesome , we would get along . although i am quickly distracted .
always . i just have terrible relationship karma , always ending terribly .
hey , are you still up ?
that is good . probably saves a lot of money .
that is rough . . . how do you match your clothes ?
is there a lot of sexual harassment at your workplace ?
marketing's good . i am a programmer , which might be more fun .
will do . have a good time in there !
hey there hows it going tonight ?
no worries . what are you up to ?
nice . i like to listen to rap at the gym
i am in college , so that keeps me pretty busy
i bet the quiet can be nice tho . sometimes things get pretty hectic here
originally from columbus . how about you ?
i do not know if i could live out there . i like going out too much
you must have a pretty sweet beard !
i can get you a free coffee if you come by the shop where i work
i suggest the caramel cappuccino , it is my favorite
well i guess as a grad student i am a bit pretentious . but i am nice
yes i will . i am an english major . i read true crime and want to write it
you must be very religious . my parents are too . i live across from them
i trust in the coffee bean lol
hi , communication major , navy , folk music , foster child . you ?
get out ! me too ! chicken wings are our friends . you sing ? i sing for the navy .
hmmm . yesterday i taught a unicorn folk music . you orphaned ? i am .
oh okay . i am a wood carver who dances . you dance ?
i sell radio ads . you married ? i used to be
great ! foster care sucks ! what type of work you do ?
oh right . what kind of doctor are you ? i sing in two languages .
good evening ! i am a business man in japan
good to meet . i look forward to eating in american restaurants
i would like that . i work very hard , though . i try to do my best
it is very nice . i am polite and courteous since i am new in this country
i am very traditional , so perhaps conservative ?
haha . to be young and lively is a gift
i want to buy more art supplies
i like to draw and paint
what is your favorite color ?
i am vegan too i love veggies
not really . i try to keep up with everything
i have had a lot of people pass away . i have not been feeling well
i am in peace just not worried about having everything cleaned up perfectly
i admire it i just do not have the energy at the moment
do you want to go for a ride in my car ? is it red .
i do not want to . i will just listen to bruno mars instead
i do not really know . do you ?
i believe in money , more so than god . sorry
make my family happy
yes , i do . do you not ?
i guess so . it makes churches happy though , in that collection plate
hi there , how is your night ? wanna hear something cool ? . .
i am part of the facebook team . i helped develop it !
yep , i make a lot of money , but donate a lot of it and time to charity .
maybe you should think about becoming a computer programmer too ?
that is a cool job ! we both got lucky . you have any pets ?
yeah 2 pitt bulls . my babies
i get to spoil them with my 200 , 000 pay check !
thank you ! i did not mean to show off . haha
hello how are you tonight
i never listen to him i am in school right now
i do not like to feel that way
wow i did not know that is where you were
wow that is interesting how did they meet
that is cool my brother travels a lot he plays music
i love to travel how about you
oh yeah you should try it sometimes
hey what are you up to today ?
sweet , haha , how do you get into selling encyclopedias ?
wow , that is awesome ! i am looking for a way to make money
um , well , i pretty much just hang out , and i like to recycle
what ? ! that is crazy ! i have a tattoo of his ex from way back
that is what i am saying , i have got this big van i could use to sell encyclopedias
for real , you show me how and we can do it
what is your wpm rate ? mine is at 140 .
that sounds exciting . do you think magic was involved in faking the moon landing ?
if it was not faked then why do i have three thumbs ?
i think i talk way too fast to ever command a dog of anything . do you ?
those are interesting names for dogs . can your dogs type ?
maybe it is my medications that make me talk so fast . are you ?
garfield and i have a lot in common , as we both detest mondays .
lasagna is the best ! what do you like to do for fun ?
hi ! how are you today ? peace and love .
i am completely the opposite . i am known as the local hippie .
i love food as long as it is all natural , vegetarian , vegan , no antibiotics and raw !
this way i eat more fruit and vegetables , which is healthier than most meat eaters !
absolutely ! i actually save animals in the van i drive . it is large and blue .
i actually have a couple tattoos of animals being slaughtered .
for animal rights ! my hair is red and curly . typical hippie , you know ?
i think i love you . haha
hello how are you today ?
you like to dye your hair ?
that is awesome , almost as cool as the outdoors
do you like whiskey ? i love it
you're really cool but , you're not as smart as me
because i am good at chess
very much so , i am the best
how are you ? i am a writer . do you have a job ?
most of my writings are about my milk allergy .
zebras ! they are the coolest animals . they do not drink milk .
oh you are right . do you know of any mammals that live on the beach ?
walruses are one of the reasons the beach is scary .
i take the bus to school .
hi hows it going ? all good ?
wow . that sounds good with coffee
yea . and I love painting too
that is nice . I draw when I am free
I draw planes and boats
yea . and I listen to Pink while I draw
thanks . I am more immortal than most
I think I am . not red
hi , how are you doing today ?
oh no ! i hope you find one soon . i work as a transcriptionist .
i cant think of any . have any hobbies ?
that is interesting . i enjoy going to the opera .
awesome ! i love traveling to paris as well .
i like cars , my top car is a bentley .
not yet , but hopefully one day .
maybe i will , dreams come too sometimes , right ?
hi . i like purple a lot
i like pizza and the band Korn
i have purple hair because i like purple
rock , hard rock , i like to throw rocks
i am female . i have a house
we should be alone ? i don't know about that
i live in Washington right now
i do not read , i watch movies
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , i just made my favorite dessert brownies .
wow ! exciting stuff . i have travelled all around the world in the military .
lol i will keep an eye out . what do you do for work ?
fun ! my interests vary , i like to blow things up but i also love kittens .
lol you are a fun person to talk to
i will bring the dessert and kittens !
hello how are you today
i am doing ok going to watch my favorite show
that is very cool ! i have always wanted to go to japan i like anime
i would if i could i am in america
i might go check it out . i mainly watch tv and movies tho .
they are nice cars and very fast !
i bet you have no problem gets dates with that car
i cant afford that kind of car yet i am still young
hello
i am a mechanic , hbu ?
hit me up if you need repairs
cali
where are you from ?
that is kool
i have almost a full body suit . . . mostly japanese influenced
hey how are you doing ?
do you have a job ?
i have a few of those myself . what is your job ?
that is your job ? seems intense
i do not have to worry about that i hit the jack pot
already got a silver one . i used to be a telemarketer
yeah i have a lot of dogs . socks is a cute name
not if you can pay the bills
what are you doing right now ?
that sounds interesting . i am a student , but i am really into music
that is so great . my mom works in telecommunications
what a woman ! my parents are married and my dad works on cars
oh no ! i hope you are okay . that is so dangerous
no i do not . ferrets are adorable though
i prefer using a clothes dryer but that is cool !
you may be right . do you do anything creative ?
do you believe in ghosts?
i'm being fascinated by them but 80s music is real.
kids always believe those. I do planning for a wedding.
that's cool to keep your feet and I like yellow.
what happened to your wife and I like yellow.
so you call yourself a pediatrician.
oh, I got it, so you were together.
how do you like it? Do you like working with them?
hello there had a good day in the outdoors love it
good for you i love to build things too
furniture if i had your money i would travel love it too
awesome i have to grow a garden to eat but i enjoy it
vegetables of all kinds and some fruit trees
i like apples a lot and some varieties of pears
that sounds like a lot of responsibility
reaping the rewards of hard work
hi there do you read romance books ?
that is a shame because i write them .
no but i like hiking , took down the appalachian trail last year
you ever hear of the grateful dead ?
i followed them around when they toured .
were you the weather man ?
was it a good interview ?
that is cool , can i have your autograph ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i am good . just enjoy some alone time .
no ! do you paint ? i love to read . not even close to art though , ha
i love fantasy novels . do you like music ? i love dream theater band .
dream theater . i listen to them on late night walks in the dark .
not sure . it helps calm me . i feel alone in the dark . i love being alone .
yes . i do love pizza , so i am not totally weird .
yes . my favorite is hamburger . you ?
hi my name is megan , what is yours ?
oh that is funny , what do you do for a living ?
that is a very inspiring field , i currently do teach yoga
it is very relaxing for me , i pretty sure your dog will be ok
the bond you have with him , i had that with my mom too then she died
what ? right now i just like being alone
cool ! since pink was her favorite color i made it mine now
i just like to enjoy my time by myself , it relaxes me
coupons are love , coupons are life , coupons are god
i am not broke , just shop like four times a week
you should try shoplifting , the greatest coupon
that is great , go get it !
sounds like they were not as good at it as you
keep the tradition going . it is in your blood now
shoplift the job , trust me it works
hi how are you doing
that is nice are you an artist
is that your job or your hobby
i work a lot at a restaurant not a lot of free time
i work there do you have kids
that is funny i have a young daughter
it is nice but kids are a lot of work
i like acting . i am in a telenovela now .
what kind of dancing ? were you in a show ? i love musicals .
do you watch dancing with the stars ? they make it look easy .
why do you need to spell ? having problems in school ?
you can learn . there are certain rules for most of it . english is difficult .
what kind of dancing do you like to do the best ? do you perform ?
animals scare me . i got bit during a commercial when i was 9 .
they expected me to just carry on . i cried and got yelled at .
hi how are you today ? i am a student and love to collect video games
that is good ! ! i have a kid who get straight as and proud of him .
he is , my wife and i take long drives in the country side
i am a independent contractor work with other clients
oh cool . yeah what else do you do ?
oh ok , we all have to work to make ends meet
yeah i remember working for a call center job and it was stressful at times
hey whats up with you
i am great , just got back from the game .
football mostly , do you play any sports ?
it absolutely does , i wish I could overcome my fear of heights and ski down mountains like you do.
that is awesome , i have only ever participated in cyclist racing .
it can be , but nothing is better than going to the mountains .
do you like gummy bears ? i can not get enough to satisfy my sweet tooth.
i eat tuna fish salad once a day do you ?
no i do not . what is your eye color and hair color ?
really i have brown hair and green eyes to . no i do not . what is your passion ?
that is awesome do you have a favorite type of music ? mine is rock opera genre.
i have a passion to read sci-fi space adventures . do you like reading ?
anything else about yourself . i want to know more while i eat gummy bears.
i would love to do that while listening to two steps from hell.
i am tired . i just got finished shooting a reality show .
not too dramatic . i am a pretty calm person . surfing helps me to relax .
i typically surf in malibu after i get done shooting my show . what do you do ?
a little . i wish they used more country songs to dance to .
when i was a clown , dancing was a big part of our routine .
haha ! i am glad i stopped being a clown before that movie came out .
they probably originated from court jesters in medieval times .
my father and grandfather were clowns . it is hereditary .
hello there !
i am doing good . what are you up to ?
i am watching tv
i live in los angeles , right next to miley cyrus and pnb rock !
yes it is great !
i like to hang out and watch tv , my favorite show is on right now !
tom and jerry . . . classic !
hi how are you doing
i am good just woke up i was partying all night
wow i go out with a different girl every night
how long did you do that
wow that is pretty cool do you like music
yeah i agree i love making playlists
i would love to do that
hi how are you today ?
i am from ny , what about you ?
do you like the miami dolphins ?
are you into rap music ?
weed gardening ? because i smoke weed and enjoy it .
must be fun being a teacher . it agent is my job .
meat is so good . i order meat pizza every hour .
one time i accidentally ate an ethernet cable .
hi , blue spruce , how you be
in the floor ? ? is that not dangerous ?
i think they should play on the floor , not in it
oh no no no no no
i say sew sew sew
no no no , not at all . i love being wrong
well yes . thank you . i love my black purse
well , it is not what i imagined
hi how are you doing
i am good just watching tv
i work at home so i watch tv all day
i work in customer service
no not yet what about you
that is so sweet how old are they
that is so fun boys are awesome
i am mugging on a subway sandwich watching tv . what are you up to ?
nice . i like whiskey too ! what do you do for fun ?
i am a typical girl i like to shop especially at antique stores .
sounds like a plan . where do you live ?
new york so opposite coasts . do you have any pets ?
i have a kitty cat named snowball .
i am a writer so i sit in starbucks with my computer . you ?
nice ! ! do you live in a mansion ?
hey , how are you doing today
never been , what do you do for fun ?
i have not traveled much , spent most of my time in the midwest .
i have been horseback riding in france before , but i get enough city life at home .
i am a police officer in detroit .
that is interesting , whats that like ?
i would imagine . what do you do for fun ?
hello ! tell me something interesting about yourself this evening .
that sounds great . what kind do you like ?
wow ! i also work in the medical field and spend long hours working at the local hospital .
my hobbies are cars with toyota being a favorite and eventually , i want a truck . and you ?
sounds beautiful ! are you into politics ? i never miss a chance to vote .
sounds very prestigious . do you have any children ?
i have both kids and animals so it is a busy place here .
hey i am a construction worker
oh cool do you like or love southpark ?
really ? jokes are awesome !
i like to play poker and drink ? lol
i am jk me nighter never learned haha
drinks ! are the best lol
fellow how are you today ? i am going to work ,
i am very well . thanks . i have to work 9 to 5 today .
i am and accountant by day .
really ? that is way cool ! do you you perform in the big city ? that is where i live .
have you gone to other countries too ? i just got back from sumer vacation in italy .
i enjoy going to yoga classes . work off all those carbs from my favorite italian meals , ll .
good evening man . how are you
what are you up to this evening ?
something light would be good . i am about to raid my parents fridge
i am a college student . almost done with my degree ! ! !
pre law . i met my girlfriend there . her name is luis .
newark . where are you from
not yet . i eventually want to drive my ford mustang there .
hi how are you doing
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i am a starving student lol
no they could care less
they are not good parents
its ok i am so used to it
i have to be used to it . . . its all i know
hi how are you doing today ?
very cool . tell me about yourself ? hobbies ?
huoh better be careful . i am a pro basketball player
yeah i was drafted by the t wolves i dunk things
where di you go to college ?
i went to unc . we had a cheating scandal
i love to dance all the time
whatever is playing my beautiful silver lexus
i have a socks obsession . socks is my dogs name
oh nice ! can you help me with my math homework ? i
i am bad at math also .
my passion lives on the dance floor
that sounds like an interesting problem .
i hear fat fingers can come in handy
hi how are you today ?
good just hanging out with my dog alfred .
that is awesome ! i am a pro baseball player .
the red sox . i also enjoy playing the piano .
that is cool any favorite colors ? mine is green
i love animals too ! cats especially .
awesome i do not have kids .
thomas here . what is your name ?
i need a cup of coffee . that makes me happy .
i paint at times and for some reason i have to hear pink songs .
good choice my wife listens to them while she cooks the best pasta ever .
keep studying then . i love my job of illustrating although i commute an hour .
what position do you want to play ?
seems like a brutal sport with all the concussions .
i enjoy tennis as well .
how are you doing today ?
i love animals how about you
he will eat till he pukes
of course i wish someone would stop me lol
my dad used to bring meat home every night
i have to go to work early
the traffic drives me nuts
how do you feel about romance in the workplace ?
we have a casual job site . casual dress . hard to impress this girl .
not me ! between skateboarding and working , i am booked !
bailey is your dog ? i always have a pocket full of candy . i will share !
that is awesome ! can he skateboard ? some dogs can .
i will throw on my favorite t shirt , a dirty pair of jeans , and teach him .
saturday , your favorite dog park . bailey will be the envy of all the dogs !
hi , hows it going ? tell me a little bit about you .
cool . i love to take my dog fishing .
awesome name for a cat lol
dragons are quite interesting and mystical .
wish i had a dragon to scare my wife
sorry buddy . like charlie daniels says throw it away now lol
hello there . how are you ?
ya me too . thankfully i get to do what i love
i nurture plants in a greenhouse nursery i own
you can ! anyone can . it is not difficult
lupus sucks . sorry to hear that
well that is not fair , but you gotta do what you gotta do
so how do you like the weather ? i hate it because i love summer .
i know what you mean , do you like tacos ? i love them but hate spaghetti
eww , that sounds gross . i just recently graduated high school
cool . when i graduate college i want to be a doctor .
that sounds like a fun job .
cool maybe you could design me a house
yep or treat myself during halloween
yes i want to be a brain surgeon
finally a moment to myself ! the kids , the dogs , the doctors , uhhhg .
typical day . get the oldest off to school , youngest to doctor , then dash to my classroom !
i am . and i love it . but caring for dogs , my kids , students . sometimes too much !
calgon , take me away ! calgon ? you there , calgon ? ? ? ;
i just need a break . . . from my youngest autism . . . bad me ?
well . . . well i feel guilty about that . . . but its the 2am truth sometimes .
hey there how are you ?
i am good , just listening to taylor swift , she is the best .
that is so cool . are you married ?
i have a wife , but i am young too
yeah , stranger things , black mirror , and some netflix stuff . you ?
that is wicked cool . what do you do for work ?
wow , impressive . i distribute beer , i drive the truck
hi ! what do you do for fun ?
i like to hunt as well , also shooting a bow .
i am and love to shop with my daughters ! what else do you do ?
no singing here , but i like remodelling homes !
i do , i am cooking for my favorite holiday coming up !
i make popcorn balls for Halloween , my favorite holiday !
i do no not , just like hunting and shooting my bow .
hello , how are ya ?
pretty good just got done bringing in my recyclables .
sounds yummy , this old red curly haired hippy cannot cook
oh gluten allergy ?
i just drive my large blue van to the closet local restaurant
i been interested in tattoos for the past few years have 2 so far
thinking about it have one in mind . how about you have any
hello . how are you on this beautiful morning ?
reading my new script . looks to be a fun movie . so whats your profession ?
nice ! i guess your pretty good . i never really got to play on a team .
cool . i want to be more famous than i am . i have worked so hard for it, I wish I could focus more on acting rather than social media.
my assistant runs it . i did my first commercial at 10 and movie at 18 .
that is nice . i want to come across as funny but also serious . its hard .
my name is jeremiah and i have this weird fetish for honey .
that s good ! i grow really amazing parties
do you have a favorite animal ? mine is the monkey !
this summer i really wanted to go to the beach , but could not .
now laying down , with a headache do to exhaustion .
i am sorry to hear that .
i do , yet when you have a toddler he rules your life .
only one and some days i wish i had time to myself .
hi ! i just got a tan and my skin looks olive colored ! what about yours ?
what color are your eyes ? green for me .
what do you think of librarians ? that is what i want to be .
what do you think of skunks ? i have one pictured on my purse .
cool ! do you have anything interesting to tell me about yourself ?
is it nice there ? anything else you might want to tell me ?
never heard of them . are they good ?
sounds interesting ! what do you have planned for tonight ?
i like farms and horses . i now live in the city
that is cool . it is always fun to ride on dirt roads .
i also have three children .
that is great ! i thank him for serving our country .
yes i am thankful for people like him .
i am so sorry to hear that i am sure you miss him
that is a nice memory . i like sunshine when i go scuba diving it is a hobby
at first it is but then you get used to it
hello , what are you up to today ?
a little less impressive just watching some shows on netflix .
i am from the east coast , but i am hoping to move to las vegas soon . how about you ?
cool . is las vegas a safe city ? been thinking about taking self defense .
i got my bachelors degree , but i have been wanting to go back to graduate school .
i will check them out . i am really going to miss my sister when i move .
hello how are you ?
very cool , i am currently watching the cubs play
just outside chicago , i work as a accountant
oh ? what do you gossip about ?
no ? are you a guy ? how old are you ?
why would they laugh at you or gossip about that
people gossip about me because i like seeing musicals a lot
hello !
my day was good . it is starting to cool off here
what kind of doctor are you ? are you in sports medicine ?
i am a competitive skier . so i always need a good doctor
me too ! but i hate heights . is not life ironic ?
no kids , i am too busy , unfortunately
so as of monday of last week i became a grandmother
i am a african american nail technician in georgia
my favorite band it would be worth when and fire but love classic music
i love trying new recipes
i love italian food and you
well i recently just left louisiana would love to visit and see other places
yes and i fell in love with that
i have a total of 5 kids to boys 3 girls
running is my favorite pastime
cheesecake is the food I like very much
cool, of all the movies 16 candles is the most enjoyable
wow, however for my job I travel more than 300 miles in my car
that is awesome, did you know jogging is a preference of mine?
yes, but cheesecake is something that I adore
16 candles is a great movie, it's on the top of my list
do you want to brush my hair ?
that made me kinda sad . i am going to write a book about it .
nah , just a mean person who hates me .
why ? that does not sound good .
that is not a good reason to hate someone
i hope you do , i hope it works out
i did not know that . i do not like iced tea . i think there is gluten.
i do not like peaches , they are nasty.
what are you going to do today ?
i live far from my parents too . it is hard sometimes
i am in between jobs . to be honest i cannot seem to hold one down
i am an alcoholic so it is very hard
i am scared to . my family will not even help
i need someone like you in my life . i think too much
i always blame myself . that is the problem
how are you doing today
what kind of bike do you have
i love to speed too
i like to watch football
i got in an accident skiing
yeah almost did not survive
yeah had a lot of things like that happen
hello , my uncle was thrown overseas in the bermuda triangle .
thank you . he was fishing off the florida coast and drifted off .
do you have any family tragedies ?
you are lucky . what part of the country do you live ?
i have been there , but i have never seen the pacific ocean
no , they are not . nor are they close to canada .
my only hobby is rescuing kittens . i was once on the news for that .
hello ! how are you today ?
oh that is good . i have to take care of my three kids
5 , 7 , 10 and yeah it can drive you crazy
yeah dogs are good best friends .
that is fun ! what is your favorite food ?
mine is hot wings . they are yummy and messy
does your dog like hot wings ?
my kids are like animals so yes
good morning , how are you doing ?
why not , what is wrong ?
really ? are you famous ? i just bake cakes for a living .
i used to live in the south . people did that a lot .
oh , that sounds awesome . i like to go to the theater .
i go for runs with my dog every day .
mine too . if i go alone i just walk though .
she is ? who is she , an actress ?
hi there , how are you today ?
sorry to hear that . i am studying up on the stock market .
yeah , basketball . i am more into computers .
i write software mainly and build websites .
i am six feet tall . i cannot imagine squeezing into a desk all day like you do .
yeah it can be hard to find sports equipment that fits . what else do you like ?
i definitely enjoy that as well . do you have a partner or kids ?
wow , that is such a fun age . i cannot wait to have children .
hello , i have been sleeping a lot lately . i think it is a condition i am developing
not yet , i am afraid to drive because i may pass out at the wheel .
i can , just hate bothering them . i am 18 in high school . yet graduating this summer .
i love the song lazy song by bruno mars . his new cd is coming out soon .
awesome ! ! i am sweet person . i love my candies . lol
that is awesome , i do not know what i want to do after high school .
hmmm , , , ok , just feeling a bit lost and pressured too .
yeah i have been working towards running track
hello , how are you ?
i am okay .
reading mostly mystery novels , netflix , and shopping . how about you ?
nice . do you have any pets ?
i have two kittens !
i know they are adorable .
i love to travel . i have been to jamaica .
hello i am sam . what are your hobbies ?
football looks dangerous to me .
yeah can imagine that . its all up to you in that position .
how long have you been playing football ?
its really nice to have something you love doing .
not really into football myself . i am more of a crystal kind of person .
yeah they are . and good for the spirit too .
sometimes . its a pretty amazing hunt .
hey wanna chat with a future teacher ?
interning in 4th grade right now last year of college .
sept is my last month then off to the real world to get a job .
cool i have been in us since age 5 when parents migrated .
asia lol , do you have any siblings ?
i have 1 brother that travels the world in a metal band .
what a coincidence ! do you have any weekend plans ?
hello , i am a 25 year old that still lives with his parents .
are not we all ? i am just a college student though right now .
i am the drummer in a band maybe i will become famous .
why should i write a song about that ?
well my girlfriend , luis , wants one too , side note she goes to my college .
did you take yoga voluntarily ?
of those girls ! ! ! oh you are smart ! !
hi . what kinds of things do you like to do ? i really like to exercise .
are you happier when you ride ? i smile a lot when i ride .
that sounds nice . what else do you do ?
cool . i like to use makeup . my smile is nice then . what kind of dog ?
that is a fun breed . the people i know with those dogs are nice .
would you consider yourself a nice person ? sometimes i am . sometimes not so much .
fattening foods mostly . i recently tried cauliflower . it was ok . what about you ?
chocolate is my other weakness .
darn it ! just missed my favorite show !
friends . i even stopped for sushi on the way home to eat while i watched
more health conscious are ya ?
i see . are apples your favorite ?
i prefer the reds . we grow them in a back lot near our timeshare .
they can be . if you are not the majority owner . you are just basically paying for access .
true indeed . though these days its all about the kids
hi how was your weekend ? ?
amazing . . had a party weekend
no i am home today
i usually go to work 9-5
its not that big . . i like the kind of small house
yaa . . course . . it saves a lot
i like pop and rock
hi ! how are you today !
soft-hearted musician here . except when i am playing video games, I wish I could attend a metal concert with you!
dancing is super fun . i prefer banging my head to metal
no . i eat a lot of beef . sorry . . . its just so good
oh i will find your farm
you should have named your horse ed
i like to call him hank
i just started living in florida and here comes hurricane irma .
nothing fun about this one , ll .
i try to relax by listening to jason mraz and reading the twilight book series ; my favorite .
80s is good music . did you ever the grasshopper ?
i want to try grasshopper someday , and i have listened to the pretenders .
no pets , i am a surfer , like surfing when the tide is low . do you have pets ?
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like sports
i play basketball for fun
i take care of my family while my husband works
what do you do for a living
that is awesome have you always been an actor
that is so cool what else have you been in
do you want to eat some stew ?
what about some nice cheese ?
we could listen to some frank sinatra
will you dance with an older woman ?
around 90 but i stopped counting
yes , i like walks to the fridge , for cheese
where have you traveled to ?
asia sounds really cool , and interesting .
give it away ! ! , red hot chili peppers rock , i love them so much ! ! !
yeah , rock and roll ! ! i sell washers at sears , journalism was my forty before though .
but did you know for an instrument i play the bass guitar , i rock , you know it ,
coolio ! , also , French bulldogs are awesome , i have one , now you know !
red hot chili peppers are the band i love , no doubt !
hs , cool ! bass guitar is great , its what i play
i just sell washers , I wanted to write as a journalist
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . getting ready to go out and surf soon .
my house is near the ocean so that makes it convenient .
only surfing . i have brown and curly hair so the sand is a downfall .
ll , i like romance novels .
true . i am going on a date to a great seafood restaurant . i do not eat red meat .
i think it is unhealthy . i used to but quit about 5 years ago .
hello . do you like music ?
oh . i like listening to ed sheeran .
yeah , but as a yoga instructor i find them too constricting .
i understand . wear something more comfortable ! do you like girly things ?
ink stains ? what do you have ink stains from ?
oh , that is not good . i use pens when i write poetry .
oh really ? so i bet you like action type movies ? i am more of a romantic comedy type .
hi there , how is it going ? all is well i hope
i am great too but busy with work lol , do you like music ?
i like to listen to two steps from hell , have you heard of them ?
they play rock mostly , but for movie trailers
mostly eat tubs of gummy worms to satisfy my craving lol
maybe i should start going ! at least i eat tuna salad every day
do you have any other hobbies apart from gym ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
i work in a factory which is exhausting so i sleep a lot .
oh , no . i cannot sing at all . do you ?
oh i love vienna ! it is so beautiful there , amazing museums . i do not dance .
no , but i do enjoy playing guitar .
we make airplane parts . i have been to austria , just vienna though .
i have played guitar since i was six years old
hello ! how are you tonight ?
nice ! i am watching moulin rouge
i love broadway shows , so this was the closest thing i had .
my mom and sister . we go to at least 2 shows per year .
oh man ! did you go to new york to see it ?
i love ny . i do not live there but i travel there often .
i live in california mainly . i have an apartment here .
you want to fish in the ocean ?
hello how are you today ?
are you a doctor then ?
i have a youtube channel and i take beauty classes too
i hope so . i really like cosmetology
that would probably pay better
i do not . do you ?
oh that is sweet . i want kids someday .
i love the mountains and being outdoors .
can i tell you a secret ?
i am making this french fry that will change the world .
that is a good idea to put in my research notes !
i have created a formula in del taco that can replace meat .
of course i would as long as it is safe
prove it please . this is some ground-breaking interaction we're having !
what were the name of your parents ?
what is your family secret ?
do you like to bake ? i do
i am fine . do you like to surf ?
surfing , great baker , military bases i am an army brat .
i work long hours as a nurse at an army hospital
yes i am married my husband is a soldier
two children in high school . how many do you have ?
do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds like good hobbies
hi , how are you today ?
sounds fun ! i work in the evenings so get to sleep in !
do you like to keep fit ? i try and eat healthy when i can
i am loving this weather though . big fan of the season and winter too
that sounds amazing ! are you married ?
i often wonder why i am not married yet
that makes me feel a little better .
i just need to find someone who likes a brunette !
hi . i am tom . whats your name ?
i am great ! nice to meet you .
i work for a computer company .
i am into computer programming . i love eating italian food for lunch .
pizza is the best italian . security is pretty cool . i am interested in it .
no i do not have any dogs .
i work during the day time . i used to work overnight .
hi how are you doing ?
i like outdoors and hiking myself
what do you do for a living ?
do you speak any languages ? i speak spanish
what city are you from ?
i am in cali right now
hi how are you today ?
is a tiny person gonna live in it ?
fair enough . i like to clean
i just cannot stand dust ugh
how long does it take you to get ready ?
it take me an hour ugh
even though i am a neat freak i love my cat
hi ! how are you ? i am just enjoying some cookies !
oh that is awesome ! what kind of job do you have ?
have you been anywhere recently ? i did not go to college , but am actually quite smart !
oh i hear that ! i just visited the sahara desert
oh nice ! my favorite color is blue like my eyes
do you have a favorite food ?
i love mexican too ! especially spicy beef
hi . my name is mike . how are you ?
not bad . i just got back from the pool i love swimming .
me too ! i have two cats and a dog .
my school is starting soon . we have a lot to read but i love reading .
my favorite is science fiction but i also like philosophy books .
hey i am vegan too ! i am very tall and my skin is blue because i am so healthy .
haha yes a little bit . i look like a character from the avatar movie .
hey there ! what do you do for a living ?
cool ! i am a first generation police officer and proud of it !
coming from a farm in kansas to a big city was a huge change .
i live outside detroit so it is a lot different than kansas .
yes , my family and i love it . are you married ?
congratulations ! we have 3 daughters now and it has been amazing .
i really like the deep because i am into scuba diving . you
hi how are you today ?
i work in a drs office .
i hate dealing with their customer service ! !
good , their automation is evil . hobbies ?
nice do you read any books ?
cool i would love to travel too .
hi , just sitting here relaxing and you ?
i am missing my boyfriend he lives in italy .
that sounds like fun , what is your favorite song to sing ?
well with all those teenagers in one room you do not need it lol
do you have any hobbies ?
i do not like cooking but my hobby is to watch sports
nice , i do not have any food allergies
that is good because i like to eat a lot
hi how are you tonight
i have 5 acres of land so i pick off the deer
i like an open area and i am good
deer is good you should try it
plenty of both here and i am a councilman so no one says anything
i am so sorry to hear that
that is the saddest thing i heard all day
hello ! how are you today ?
that sounds fun . i enjoy sewing for fun . and swimming !
do you play on a team ?
wow . awesome ! i love to make pies using ingredients from my garden .
we have all kinds of things . spinach , pumpkin , tomatoes , blackberries .
oh my friend lives in baltimore and she is a huge fan !
that would be great . i would love to surprise her .
i really like swimming ! i love any ocean and lake !
hey ! how are you tonight ?
lol , no . i am only in elementary school so my mom would not let me watch that !
lol ! i am so excited one direction is coming to my city ! ! !
really ? ! they are my fav band ! whats yours ?
no way ! spaghetti and meatballs is my favorite ! ! !
yummy ! my mom plays tennis as a profession so she is not home to cook much .
agreed ! snow days are the best days ! ! !
i wish it could be fall forever though . such pretty colors
how are you doing tonight
i am cutting some trees
really , interesting , i enjoy fishing
fishing and some pancakes plus syrup , the life haha
yep love waffles , what is your fav food
nice combo there , how old are you
cool sounds better than cutting down trees
good morning how are you
i enjoy reading and studying sharks
that is neat i like to boogie dance
sometimes if it is too loud it gives me a headache
i am so glad that you are there for your mother
that is sad . do you read to her
she sounds like a great mom
hello from kansas ! its farmer bill
me too ! love that farmers almanac ! do you watch reality tv ?
horror movies or tv ? i like both i suppose
they are pretty good . i have a lot of time for movies while i am out of work
lucky you . i would love to be busy all day working . one day again i suppose
i have only read one of his books , Pet Sematary . scary ! i like to read on the beach
ya , not many in kansas ! just on pacay . i would love to move to hawaii one day
hi how are you today ?
i am pretty good how are you ?
its alright do you wear glasses ?
yeah i own them yo
like a dozen heh . i love the rain
do you ever just stand in it ?
as long as you do not have any metal on you
hey there ! i am a bit tipsy , i just graduated ! woohoo !
awesome , what major ? mine was american literature and education
must be hard ! i want to teach kids at school myself , elementary school hopefully
what do you do for fun ? i love long weekend hikes myself
haha that is funny i am a boring person compared to you !
and you do computer stuff ! hopefully i wo not have to use one at school
yeah you are right . . kids will be better than me on it though !
hi there how are you doing
i just surprised myself to death
i survived that s why i was surprised
i drive fast some time that s why
just chat with me til then
i love sports than reading , are you into sports ?
any sports will work for me
hello , i hope you are safe from the fires and floods ,
mine is a language teacher , i speak three . does she live near ?
i am so sorry . mine taught me how to cook .
i like being alone as well . more time to go bike riding and do what i want .
mine is yellow , i did the paint myself
daily , same with running and other forms of exercising .
its healthy and you will feel better .
any special events coming up ? next week is my 10th wedding anniversary
any warm furry creatures joining you there ?
snake ? furry ? do you sleep with your snake ?
no phobias here , but my 3 rugrats run me ragged !
married my high school honey , taking care of our home .
can't you change ? maybe study for some other kind of work ?
kids ! gotta love em . i could really go for some cheetos right now .
hello how is your day going ?
sounds great going pretty great just came from walking my dog
what is the exam on ?
i trying to work out i am having trouble losing weight
yes i am trying to stop eating out and cook more healthy meals
me also and i am very short so i cant pack on too many pounds
hi there , do you enjoy spring as much as me ?
it is my favorite time to fish .
fish killed my father when i was two years old .
i have sworn to spear all the fish i come across .
no , i give those the death stare with my piercing blue eyes ! !
they killed my father , they must prepare to die !
all i am saying is that i am ready to grill some fish .
alright take it easy . . . fish tacos ! !
hello , how are you tonight ?
i have sushi in my life , so its only going up
my favorite snack is god
no , i am just a little suburban girl
no i do not listen to rap , it is too hard for my groove
god should not be treated like that , only dogs
it is cause i have a special car that whispers all the secrets of life to me
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i like to gamble and talk on the phone
what a shame about your allergies i love hiking outdoors
i am bilingual so i translate spanish for a living . how about you
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you like to cook ?
ouch . you have a lot of problems . i gamble way too much .
i think i lose too much . winning would not be a problem right ?
hi . do you watch television shows like csi ?
since i do not like cold long winters , i enjoy watching television .
yes and i would rather be in a warm place swimming with manta rays .
what kind of work do you do ?
i am a lawyer , just like my parents both are .
general but some days i wish i worked at the smithsonian .
besides swimming , i like to go out boating . you ?
hello how are you doing ?
love animals ! i just came in from playing a game of badminton .
haha i played it as a kid too great memories
i like mexican food but i hate veggies and fruit but i pretend
yes i do love italian as well .
lol years ago there was a baby laying on the road and i rescued him
it was many years ago he is all grown up by now
how are you today ? what are your hobbies ?
i enjoy making houses out of matches .
i made a purple one but my dog ate it , we live alone .
nice ! i have a phd , my iq is 250
i like to gamble and have wasted my money .
i would like to travel but i do not have money .
i am afraid to though because i lost my parents in a plane crash .
what do you do for fun ?
hello how are you tonight
how tall are you ? clean my house a lot , i love it
i am 6 feet tall , i am watching a movie called wonder woman , i love movies
where do you live ? i am near chicago
dang that must suck , my husband works and i stay home and clean
i love my long black hair . my favorite food is fast food
i am from mexico city
yes i love my mexican food , do you like it too
how are you doing this evening ?
oh ice cream yum what kind ?
i am going to crumble up some oreos in some cookies and cream ice cream later . double
i like to read and i stay busy at my job . you ?
i love baked potatoes . nothing like a good spud with sour cream , bacon , and chives .
i am a librarian . helps take care of my babies .
nice . what are you plan ? do you think you really need a degree ?
yeah you pretty much have to have a degree to do that . do you have pets ?
hi , how are you doing ?
it was good , played with my dog who's my best friend
my dog's name is jameson but i have never drank alcohol before haha
i like to sing but i am too shy
wow that sounds magical . i only sing when i am in the shower
love them ! when i eat eggs i feel content with my life
hi . have you seen any good shows lately ?
that sounds interesting . i work the television industry
i like to cook on weekends . what do you like to eat ?
my lesbian girlfriend and i love brunch the best . what about you ?
how old are your nephews ?
do you like to sing ? i do
i am trying to get better at running
do you know the best place to take dogs for a walk ?
i live in the city . but i love a good farmers market .
i live in new york , not too far .
do you have any children ?
i have over a dozen grand kids .
have you had that long ?
hi there , how are you ?
wow , that sounds like something my parrot , todd would say ! love him !
i sing with my siblings yes , oldest of 5 !
that is cool ! you like to climb ever ?
no , but i have always wanted to paint at the beach even though i have never been
my favorite season would have to be summer too !
no , i just like to climb in my spare time .
bonjour ! my name is cinder . how are you this evening ?
i am doing great . reading another book . my third this week ll
awe ! i love dogs ! i once read a french copy of 101 dalmatians
wow ! so far away !
actually , no . i just read it . i cannot even speak french . my mouth wo not cooperate !
ll i will have to go there some day . at least i will be able to read the signs !
another distraction from my ged study book ! i like it ! ll yes !
hi , i am christina . i am from new hampshire .
i am doing okay . how are you
i have one . it likes to go to my class with me . i teach history .
i am a history teacher
in my spare time i eat mexican food and read my history books
really ? where did you grow up ?
that is great i love to read
hi ! how are you today ?
i am doing well ! about to go to dance class . i just got some new flatts
that would be just wonderful ! i bet they are beautiful
maybe you could play in our performances . we can give you a hat
no never ! have you ? he would be cool to meet
whoa ! do you think he likes burritos or pizza more ?
i will gladly accept the flowers you do not want haha
hi i am robert and i like to play video games
that is awesome . i do not like to cook .
that is awesome . i have long hair and a boyfriend who is in italy
yeah he is suppose to visit me in the summer
yeah it would be fun . so tell me more about you .
oh wow how do you like that so far ?
i am in sales , it can be quite tedious when it comes to quotas
it is and therefore come home and play for an hour of video games
hi how are you doing
what does that mean ? i do not know .
that is a lot of money
i work in an office
what does that job entail
do you like horses a lot
that would be a lot of horses
that is not a bad thing
hi how are you today
that sounds like hard work . my parents own a restaurant so i help them
i mostly help with the inventory and make sure it runs smoothly
i drive an old dodge it still runs pretty good . do you have any sisters
i am the youngest of 6 sisters . yeah i like kane brown
it really can . do you like sports i am a huge boston celtics fan
that is so nice of you i am sure the parents and kids appreciate it .
i think if they have enough positive role models they will do great
hi wats up its miguel
i am good , just got yelled at about being at the casino all weekend . lol . you ?
cool , man ! sounds like a good sunday
quiet and a coors , what a life ! i love the quiet too , esp when hiking
i work in a production company . its kind of confusing , but i am on the phone all day
cool ! hey can you hook me up with a deal ? lol jk man
haha thanks bro ! i drive a ford , but achras are cool !
hi my name miku how are you
i could use some retail therapy been dog sitting 3 crazy chihuahua
its okay give me time to read tales of genji
well i am single but have trust issues cause my mom dies when i was in kindergarten
i express my self by dying my hair is purple like the cancer
when i am sad i take long baths and have music
anything but taylor swift lol
she does not know what it means to struggle with life just like miley
hi how are you today
pretty good do you work ?
that is cool do you draw ?
oh i draw all the time
anything really with my big old fingers
i bet do you drink soda ?
do you like music then ?
i bet . do you eat pizza ?
good evening
who is harry ?
it must be my forgetful mind , i am getting old you know .
i have trouble with all the names i have to remember , i have so many grandchildren
i have so many ages 30 all the way down to 7 years old
no i have a feeling you will be around for awhile, if only I could have traveled more with my husband before he passed away last year.
i think mary is she is a doctor with her own practice .
hey there , hows school going ?
i am good , at work on break at the moment .
not really , my room mates all love animals though . all three of them haha
i do not think so lol . i tend to stay in shape
yea i go out sometimes . whats your favorite place to go ?
oh okay lol . do you like music ? i am a singer in a band with my sister
haha we are in a grunge band . you have any piercings ? i have one on my eyebrow
hi i am not married . i enjoy fishing and rap music . tell me about you
i do paramedic work . what do you do ?
nice to speak two languages . i live far from my family , but call mom everyday
so you must remember italy very well ?
neat . do they have dual citizenship ? a nice option for them .
italy is on my list of places to go . i visited greece a few years ago .
yes . it was great . lots of tours through athens and the islands . food was wonderful .
lots of fish . very healthy . i try to eat healthy everyday .
hi how are you today
i am sorry why did you have to run
oh ok . what do you do for fun
you should watch it its fun to watch and play
i want a dog i might go to the shelter and get one soon
what kind of dog do you have
i think they are too small . i want a German Shepherd
hi ! do you have any hobbies ?
interesting . do you grow any potatoes ? they are my favorite
is gardening your main job or do you have another ? i am an accountant
very true . my two dogs love when i give them carrots
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?
that is great ! i am glad that you are doing what you truly love
i work as an accountant at a finance company
sometimes i hate working in an office but i love working with the numbers
i am writing a cookbook of armadillo recipes
yes ! you can steam it , bake it , fry it , grill it , lots of butter makes it tasty ! !
you are the first person to be nice about my armadillo cookbook , thank you !
can i post this to my social media ? i post and like everything on there
we need more people like you over here in austin texas !
they sure do not like my armadillo recipes but otherwise seem ok
you just made my day ! my week ! my year ! ! !
hi how are you doing
yeah but summer is coming to an end
do you like to play music
that sounds great do you collect anything
i have a huge stamp collection
no i got some from my travels
mostly for pleasure i try to go to at least one place every year
hello . i apologize but i am not in a great mood today .
everybody is trying to control me and i cannot stand it .
it makes me want to go to another state or something .
i would really appreciate that . i do not know if i am deserving though .
i am pretty tough on myself . i have a bad reputation and i do not like it .
i will try not to . thank you for being so kind .
i do like christmas . it is my favorite holiday .
i just dyed my hair . do you know how long it will take to look not fake ?
i dyed it black for a role .
probably going to go rock climbing before it gets too cold .
starved rock is my favorite place to go .
i like to go there and write some poetry . it is relaxing .
it has been raining pretty hard .
sam is fine . a little shaken up .
howdy , how are you this evening ?
well shoot , i am just fixing myself some supper . grilling up a steak , well done of course .
that sucks . i make plenty of money roofing all day . so you like scotch ?
i am a beer man . i always have one after work . i do not think i am an alcoholic .
does that make learning hard ? i know after a beer i cant even drive my sweet truck .
well then i reckon that is ok . do you like trucks ?
mine has a lot of beer cans . she is a sweet lifted chevy that i call leslie .
you name your scotch bottles ? well that is just weird .
hi , how has your day been ?
i am the opposite , so i am getting ready for bed .
yes that is rough . i own a small marketing consultant agency , so days for me .
i bet ! no , its just me and my husband who is absolutely wonderful .
www , i am sorry to hear that ! !
i live in myrtle beach , how about you ?
so far it looks as if we are in the clear , but a lot of rain .
? today you are how . hello
can i ask where you live ? i am in florida .
oh cool , how hot is it there ? it is too hot here for me to even garden .
oh no ! what do you do for work ?
oh my ! that sounds delicious , i love to cook for people .
french fries are delicious . i have a lizard who loves them .
my mother feeds him bad food . she lives with me so it is hard to help
what do you do for fun ? i like to plant flowers .
hi , how are you today ?
i am okay . just got broken up with .
that does not sound like fun . i am working part time .
i am also a student . i am slack on homework lately .
are you in a relationship ?
oh , i hate to hear that . i like happy endings .
tell me about it . it seems to follow me .
running helps me clear my head .
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
i breed show cats . i work unlike my bum brother on my couch .
you should quit sports and travel . my parents went to florida .
wow ! i cook really good indian food , but i have never been .
i show my maine coon cats and i cook all kinds of things . you ?
have you been to florida ?
i visit my parents there . now i will help them rebuild their garage .
hurricane damage . my brother should go help them but he cannot get off the couch .
hey there . how are you ?
oh i am just enjoying my night off . i am usually tending bar by this time
it can be kind of funny sometimes , kind of concerning other times .
yeah absolutely . you do too ?
oh i have never really been a fan of hers . i like more poetic lyrics . i write poetry
oh its just for fun . a little hobby of mine
maybe one of these days ! so tell me more about yourself
that is not so strange . sometimes they can help you cope
i read books when i have nothing else to do
my lifestyle preference is vegetarian
my job is at a bar , as a bartender
writing poetry is something that i like
when i have free time i read books
i have a job as a bartender
vegetarianism is what i do
bartending is my passion , its my job !
hi there , just relaxing before starting a big week at school .
no . are they very new ? i may be too old to have heard of them .
where do you walk . i like to walk on the toronto islands near me .
yes , i remember reading a whole book in the park in 2011 .
i sing to myself , but the only time i had a good voice was boy soprano !
yes , i was . where do you live ? in the u . s . ?
i am in toronto . we are japanese immigrants .
in that case , i will tell you sometime lol !
how are you doing today ?
that sounds great . i would garden , but my cats would just eat the flowers .
that is great to know . i did not know that anything like that would work .
it wo not hurt them will it ?
i should probably do that before i use it .
oh , i see . that is good to know .
i have not really gotten into it .
that would be interesting . i like cat cartoons .
good afternoon , how are you today ?
the old south , where it is still summer .
and now the fires , i hope you are out of harms way .
what do you do for a living ?
i take beauty classes and do tutoring in makeup .
beauty and makeup and teaching
this chat is slow today , what kind of music do you like ?
hello . how are you today ?
really ? how fast were you going ?
that is pretty irresponsible on both counts there . i used to own 6 cats .
i wish it was the case .
yes , i do . she is great .
i think she is very talented .
not really . i am not good at it .
well , that is strange . have fun with that .
i am in new york city as a writer . how are you ?
are you married with children ?
married . no kids but 10 nieces and nephews .
napoleon dynamite . what is yours ?
why do you only watch on sundays ?
hmm , that is a tough one . i like all . how about yours ?
that is very nice , yes .
i am watching a 2 year old and trying not to go crazy
hello how are you today ?
i am a manager at mcdonalds .
no , i play professional football .
yes i sing , i love to watch star wars everyday .
i like to play the nintendo game when i am off work .
no , i have to feed my iguana .
sure i am planning a party for my birthday .
oh my you eat iguana .
hi ! how are you doing ?
nice , i am living the life of a Christian
that is good . i wear one all the time
oh no . i enjoy reading next to my dog too
sounds like a horror movie , my favorite kind
that is sweet . i named my dog after Stephen King , my favorite author
maybe your dog is a Christian too
hey how are you doing today ?
i am doing great , i watched an episode of game of thrones i love that show
yeah , i just started watching it . so where did you grow up ?
that is neat i am from alabama , i was born and raised there . I wish I could visit Alabama and experience the southern hospitality.
i am not a fan of the song sweet home alabama though .
i like to write scary stories and screenplays . what do you like to do ?
i became scared once from an easter bunny hiding in my room .
hi . how are you today ?
oh . that is cool . do you have any hobbies ?
ok . well i like to walk and listen to music .
oh . i also enjoy knitting .
i will eat about anything .
i usually do scarves and blankets . i sell them on etsy .
i also enjoy spending time at the lake .
there is a small one near my house .
how are you doing this fine evening ?
oh i love nirvana but not as much as regular metal
i grew up in the nineties but listen to the seventies and eighties
i like to write about what bands like iron maiden are up to
they just released their sixteenth studio album
they have steadily been making music since the eighties
kiss is good but they have slowed down here lately
hi ! what kind of job do you have ?
yes , i work in the finance industry , you ?
not married , just to my work . my ivy league education paid off !
no children , do you cook ? did you go to college ?
no singing for me . i eat out over 50 percent of the time . what college ?
i am not fond of people who did not go to an ivy league school . . .
i am not adopted . i think all people should get the best of everything .
tomorrow is the big day . the whole family goes camping and horseback riding .
the mountains before it gets cold . we go camping every month .
yes with 2 beautiful boys . we have a few horses too that we like to ride .
no siblings . 2 boys is about all i can handle .
i train horses . what do you do ?
that sounds like fun . i like my job too
yes especially being out in the wild riding horses .
hello , nice to meet you !
very interesting . i have never been to alaska but i do love iced coffee !
oh cool ! alaska has good shrimp and lobster which i love !
awesome ! i visit lake michigan every summer !
it is but i go for a karate competition . i have a black belt .
sounds great . it was awesome getting to know you !
very interesting . that is a cool fact !
hi . how are you doing today ?
i go to church and pray to god
yes sometimes it feel like i am talking to myself .
what do you do for fun .
what kind of literature do you read ?
i recently read guns germs and steel by jarad diamond .
it was about mass deaths and paradigms . takes more than fifteen characters .
nah not really its non fiction . i also read the good book . praise the lord .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
from ohio , love the indians
i am a pro skittles player
look it up , very hard game
they call me the iron skittle
i usually watch baseball or anime
hi there how are you doing today
i just finished working as a waitress
do you like reading ? i love reading
my parents do because i live with them
soccer is my favorite sport how about
how about an uber select if you know this
disney movies do you like those
oh no i better take care of yourself
hello how are you this evening ?
why are you worked up ?
yes , that is definitely something to be worked up about
i feel sick , i have puked every day for the last 3 months
i am pregnant , just found out i am carrying twins .
i have 4 others kids .
sorry 3 other kids , pregnant brain . they are 3 , 5 , and 7
do you have any kids ?
hey , how are you ?
good , thanks . i am 25 . how about you , if you do not mind ?
i work in an office . my boyfriend is not working now though .
i do not watch a lot of tv . i like to take my dog to the park .
i like comics . i used to collect them when i was younger .
do you live in a house or apartment or . . . ? i am in an apartment
ha ha , sometimes . i like potato chips , m ms .
bad but good
ugh , i have so much trouble losing weight
i mostly eat out and do not cook so that is also an issue haha
i am just too busy but around the weekend i tend to make some stuff
yeah . i am going to be wearing contact lenses soon . i am near sighted
i tried putting on contact lenses when i was at the eye doctor . so annoying !
do you have any pets ? i love all types of animals , mostly cats and dogs
i have a dog and a cat . i may want to get a cockatoo
wild animals seem like the best pets but is illegal
greetings . hope you are having a good day . just had our first frost last night .
i am in northern new york state , near the canadian border . and you ?
wow ! that is impressive . i enjoy riding horses . do you have show horses ?
yes . i am a great fan of motorcycles , especially my bmw 2500 .
so do i . i collect vintage european cars , mostly benz and porsche .
aston martin is a brand i would love to own . which model do you have ?
i love to drive my old s class mb . what year is your aston ?
hey what is your name ? do you like to read ?
oh i am ted . chess is nice , i do really like reading though
movies are okay , but i love the walking dead tv show
oh i just like the show in general , it is crazy . do you like harry potter ?
oh that is great , i like the books . i just started them
yeah , i also love mountain dew . do you eat meat ?
dang , impressive . i am a vegetarian
reading is my only real hobby
hi ! how are you ? do you like music ? what kind ?
i like all kinds of music , listen for hours every day , 5 !
no , just listening ! its one of those little things that makes me happy !
first try in front of parents , family . . . . if you have parents , you are lucky ! i do not .
do you ride on the bus ?
i would rather walk . i just cannot get on a bus !
good luck to you with the music performance !
should i read or go out cycling ?
sunny and warm . i am sure glad i am not at the store today !
for sure . i am generally in canada on the weekends . the view is great !
i hear you have some awesome pro events up there . I wish I could participate in professional cycling events like you.
ll . sounds a lot like my job . gm of a grocery store !
it pays the bills . what do you do ?
hi , how are you doing ?
oh , that is cool . i am listening to a podcast .
oh . i do not own a car .
oh , or we could go to the park by my house .
do you have any kids ?
oh , i do not have any kids .
i do not . i am single .
nice to meet you . my name is john .
how are you doing today
i go to school . i do not work .
shopping so far . i should probably do something with my life .
i figure that i will go until my parents buy me a house
they give me a lot of money
they love me a lot . they give me a lot of money .
shopping is my passion . if i could get a job doing that
i do not have time with all of the sales going on
hey how are you today ?
no i do not i have been away in the army .
big family . how old are your kids ?
i prefer reading to sports .
that sounds cool . where are you from ?
what do they like to do ?
kentucky . i just moved back and have my own garden .
hey ! ! i just got done walking my four pups ! . i am so beat .
my tattoo sleeve is aching , so I get that .
drinking at the bar with me peeps .
how lovely . your height is likely a benefit .
i am a stay at home mom by day and a photog by night .
props to you man . keep on fighting .
dogs are the bomb dot com .
hi , do you like music ?
i am a blue and jazz person . do you like to visit bars ?
i tend bars on the weekend . its not a great job but it pays the bills
probably much more laid back . it helps me build my liqueur collection
i am a single malt scotch fan myself . blue is a great color .
that seems very relaxing . do you have any finance advise ? i live in a small house
that is enough for me . i live in a tiny house to help save money
hi how are you doing
i am good do you have pets
i just got a ferret
i am a blogger so i will probably just stay home
i like to blog about aquariums
it does and it gives me a lot of flexibility
hi there . i just got back from the gym . want to chat ?
cool . hang on a sec . i have to feed my cat , george .
does your husband eat kibble ? ha ha . my fav is chicken and rice .
money troubles stink . i just read an autobiography about an awesome entrepeneur .
it is by my bed right now . it was about a guy that started a texting company .
i am middle age . no comment beyond that . how old are you ?
happy birthday . did you get something fun for your birthday ?
are you a sports fan ? i like music better .
hello what kind of music do you listen to ?
i was raised country but i listen to all genres
i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt
elk and deer mostly their my go to meats
yes just stinks that hunting cramps my sundays
lol well my alumni games are on sunday football season
when the games not on me and the boys go mud runs in my truck
hello my name is michael , how are you ?
really ? i need some new music because i am always traveling
i have but right now i am in japan
really ? i could help , i am a programmer
not me ! i have not been home in years !
i am kind of nomadic when it gets cold i go somewhere warmer
have not been back home in nearly 2 years
michigan ! its about to be winter there .
hello , how is work going ?
have not been in the office lately . the staff is holding their own .
i spend a lot of time with the wife and kid . looking for a new job ?
let me know how it goes . i only pull 70 grand and would like to expand .
interesting . if things do not work out i pay minimum wage if you ever need a job .
do you have any children ?
they can be . they are also easily distracted by shiny objects .
hey , how is your day going ?
taking it day by day , one day at a time
i do not , i wish i did tho . i am trying not to relapse
i like to drink more than eat , ahahah . . recovering alcoholic here
refurbish antique or classic cars
time consuming as well , but i have another job , making pottery
for 2 months lived in a storage locker bc i spend on alcohol
hello ! how are you today ?
wow nice . yes i do , especially since i have to fit into my wedding dress
thank you ! oh i see , that sounds like hard work
i agree , even in daily routine driving for me
awesome ! i love to paint
i am very passionate about waterfall art , especially niagra falls
yes it is . that is where my fiance and i will honeymoon
no i have not yet , but i sure plan on it
hello
i am fine how about you ?
yes i like music very much
ok
i done my commerce graduate
yes
my mother is from russia
yes , she taught me to cook
hi . just got back from the hindu temple . are you religious ?
i see . i am from louisiana . where are you from ?
maybe a bit . i lived out west before i started medical school a few years ago .
not much for early rising , eh ? my two kids hate it too .
sure . cant do it on the first weekend of the month , my ex has visitation .
yeah . they hit mid life and they are looking for the next best thing .
i have to rely on my moms amazing baking for pleasure . my ex is broke .
good afternoon . how is your day going
do you have a hobby ? or like sports ?
i am a baseball fan myself and love the tigers !
i do try to eat healthy and stay thin
hunting is a favorite for me and helps to avoid processed foods
do hunt deer and pheasant
yes it is not bad . do you have a favorite tv show
hello there how is your day so far
i am just eating some delicious ice cream while sitting in class at ga lol
i am a full time student but i work construction in the summer months for
i just enjoy traveling really . its amazing seeing the world
its def a fantastic experience
not really . lol i am more of a rock and roll fan
ahahah are you any good ? i mean you have gotta be right ?
exactly . i just figured with all that practice you gotta be good lol
hey , what are you doing on sunday ?
oh bummer , i like to watch movies every sunday . can you eat tacos ?
great plan for sunday ! you cannot stay over , due to my talking in my sleep .
yeah , aside from my cat at home , the zoo is a nice place for animals .
her name is folk metal tacos , named after the things like and love .
thanks , it keeps the folk metal playing in my head when i am asleep .
yes . i bet you are glad not to spend the night . exercise instead .
ok , see you sunday for woody walks and tacos . no folk metal ?
hi there , how is it going ?
that sounds relaxing . i love the outdoors
sounds like a plan . i was just out on a lake taking some sunset photos
its very easy , you just gotta let the landscape speak to you
i would love to share my love of nature
i am single and in my 30s . you ?
i would love to go for a hike
hello how are you doing ?
good thanks . so where are you from ?
london here . how very cool .
i am in the states . la . you ?
what do you do in life ?
that is good of you . do you like camping ?
camp a lot not recently though having a tough time at home .
hi how are you today
coffee is very popular and good . do y'all sell gummy worms i love those
aw man that is not cool . do you like music and books
i love sci-fi books those are great
i heard it was good . is it one of your favorites
i have to check that out . have you ever listened to rock opera music
i love two steps from hell
hello , whats going on ? everything good in your life ?
i am doing good ! i live near the beach and went surfing today . ca not complain !
red . i also like black and purple
nah ! whats your favorite color ?
no . i am born and raised in nyc . i do not even own a car .
i work in a call center doing customer service
i hate this job ! what do you do ?
how are you doing today
i am having a good day, I wish I could bake all day, every day.
i am a baker i love baking
i like playing sports and baking
yes i love swimming
yes it is its cal and relaxing
hi ! reading is my favorite past time .
i have fibromyalgia so it helps me get through the harsh winters here
i create lots of patterns using beads i love art
mine either i am sorry
i just recently moved and am having a hard time adjusting
it is really hard . i want to go home .
i unfortunately moved to penn state
my customers are getting too rowdy in the windy city . my bartender says so .
i am fine . met all my wives at my bar . fifth time is a charm .
stuffing fine tobacco in my pipe helps me think . pets would be distracting
i like doing crosswords . i was very good at spelling in grade three .
i like winning things . i like remembering when i won grade three spelling bee .
i end up wearing drinks if i get too verbally aggressive with my drunk customers
you would think five wives would have taught me something about self control
pets are usually not a problem at my bar . they are much better behaved than some customers
how how are you doing
why is there something wrong
ah i see how that can be annoying do you cycle competitively
ah ok do you like music ?
haha i do not know where do you work
i play country music on the guitar
no not yet i am still learning
i am 25 what about you
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am ok trying to figure out this bizarre dream i had last night .
now that is hilarious ! i was a koala trapped in a cage .
i love gummy worms . do you like to surf ?
me too . i surf with my partners all over the world . where do you surf ?
venice beach has great surfing ! what else do you like to do ?
i like those too also reading and snorkeling . what is the best place you have hiked ?
so much fun . it was the best in belize . have you been ?
hello , how are you today ?
that is cool . my family and i like to play video games also .
awesome . my husband and son like playing final fantasy together .
yes . so where do you live ?
oh that is awesome . i love to travel and am moving to the mountains in springtime .
that is great . i have been trying to get into that but not sure where to start .
i would love to talk to you about it .
how do you get started and where do you look ?
hey there how are you today ?
i am working as well . i am part time at the library on campus . first year in college
well that is cool . its alright . i am taking 3 different science classes so there is that lol
ebooks . i actually prefer audio books honestly
no i have not . i am still at home but hopefully be in the dorms next year
yea i take the bus to school actually
i live in texas on a ranch . i am a cheerleader . football is very big here .
just graduated college and turned 21 . i guess i will have to quit cheering soon .
i like horseback riding . i want to try acting but i would have to move .
yeah but you need money to pick up and go . i do have friends in california .
do you work in portland ? i have heard they have some great vineyards there .
do you like the pas ? i like the stout beers myself .
how do you do that ? i will bet it tastes really fresh .
the usual . horses and cows . i love the horses and would miss them .
hi how are you doing today ?
pretty good . whats your job ?
i just drive my red car around
i just drive my red car around
i do not speak other languages .
i am not sure really . hobbies ?
i do not either sadly . its much too common .
hi ! do you like reading ? i have been reading since i was 3 and love it !
i cannot stop readying . usually 3 books in a week . why did you quit ?
what will you do now ? i also quit when i left high school .
sounds great ! by yourself ? do you have family ?
just like me and books ! anything else that you like to do for fun ?
haha , nice ! you will have fun dancing in the southern states on your trip !
could be fun ! take care and enjoy !
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i like to bake when i am bored .
no way . i fix a lot of chocolate cake .
no , i have in south carolina . not too far .
i think so . i am old , so i do not surf .
nope , i do not read that much .
maybe later . not sure , my kids are coming to visit .
2 daughters and one son .
good morning , what are you up to ?
i am trying to tidy up around my home , i cannot stand clutter .
what do you like to write about ?
cool , i have a cat , his name is jingles , do you have pets ?
they are sweet despite my horrible allergies .
my skin is so red it hurts . when i shower i scrub really hard , so painful
i have but he is no good help
hello , seafood makes me unable to breathe and my dad works 11 hour days .
oh wow that is inspirational . hot chocolate in the winter for me only !
no but my mom used to read me stories for bed .
lets go to canada together . just do not eat seafood near me .
it makes me not breathe well and sometimes my eyeballs fallout .
i know it hurts a lot . when can we go to canada ?
are you looking for a husband ?
yes i need a wife that will drink hot chocolate with me during winter .
good morning ! just woke up , getting ready for work but i will probably be late . i always am !
pretty good so far ! what are you up to today ?
after I get off work from the diner my boyfriend's roommate may go see it too !
i do ! i own a business so it's hard for me to find time to read though .
that is a good idea . do you read horror novels before falling asleep ?
very nice ! the hurricane news is making me nervous .
me too . any ideas for a good cupcake flavor ?
hi , i am a divorce father of two who loves to bowl . and you are ?
hmmm . i love being with my sons riley and madison . you sing ?
get out ! me too ! my wife had blonde hair . i am a baby doctor . you dance ?
i see but you can dance inside right ? you bowl ?
oh okay . you have any children ?
wow ! it gets better . hang in there . i love my sons . they are my world .
huh ? did you run today . i did .
you deserve that . you would make a good voiceover actor . you act ?
hi how are you today
i am doing ok got a headache from work .
i do taxes for companies as an accountant
thanks for the advice . what do you do for a living
those are great jobs . what kind of things do you paint
oh you are very talented . have you ever seen a leprechaun
i think they are very real . do you have any pets i have a dog
i have a dog he is like a best friend . i listen to pop music
good evening , what are you up to ?
wow impressive ! i just had my favorite dinner , pizza
oh too bad ! i should not be eating it , trying to watch my figure lol
oh that sounds fun . how old is your son ?
25 . . wondering if i would be a little old lol
no way , i own a shop called toms auto repair
oh well good luck to you ! tough at first , but very rewarding
hey , can you help me ?
i want to learn how to swim
so you do not want to help me ?
do you want to go and get burgers instead ?
will you take me there ?
okay , but after this anime show is over
i hate working , i had to start young .
greetings . what is it like to walk ?
no way ! i am disabled too . i pretty much just read all day
oh that is sad . can you work ?
oh that is pretty cool . i managed to get a job at a museum .
yeah we have some decent chocolate . i prefer the tea though
awesome ! ever make tea from the herbs ?
yum . will you be my friend ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well too , thank you for asking !
i am packing to move to college
are you planning to go close or far for school ?
i am heading pretty far , university of michigan
is spring your favorite season ?
i love to swim , so summer is the best time for me
chocolate is my favorite , specifically m ms . what is yours ?
hi how are you today
good ! just hanging out with my parrot
several years . his name is todd . do you have pets ?
what is your favorite animal ?
just birds in general . they are also free spirits in their own way
i would think so . my family might not agree with me , but i like myself
they do not approve of some of my life choices
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
what are you doing up so late ?
what in the world scared you ?
oh , a scary show ? i hate that stuff . i would rather watch a sunset .
no , i work too much to watch movies . just getting done for the night .
i manage a grocery store in a rural area of michigan .
yes , they are in bed . i am just finishing last months paperwork .
hi , how are you ? please tell me more about you .
i love watching netflix with my friends and family .
i love dogs and listening to music . iron maiden rocks .
cool . . omg ! any favorite foods ? i love italian and cooking it too .
wow , omelettes are bomb !
yap , with cheese and onions . . my dad makes those .
ahahah , he is very prestigious in his job too , he is a doctor .
what happened to you ? sorry to hear that .
hi my name is sally and i am a woman . i like the color purple .
mac and cheese is my favorite vegetable . my masters degree is evidence .
what did you do when you were younger ? i learned to swim and still do .
what kind of music do you like ?
i love kid rock or as i like to call him senator rock .
still love to swim everyday since i was a little girl . and you ?
what is your favorite food ?
mac and cheese ! especially in the shape of dinosaurs .
hello , are you in school ? i am a student studying for my masters in social sciences
oh wow , where do you work ? a pizza place ? that is my favorite food
i like to eat sushi also , do they have that on the cruise ship ?
naps can be very refreshing
its possible , maybe i should also with eating so much pizza
yes , ain't that the truth ? !
if only that was good enough , shucks
what is your passion ? what makes you tick ?
used books and flowers and cats . animals in general really .
i love both of those things except the second one . haha
i arrange flowers . it is really an ideal job for me .
you should get her more of them then . support your local flower shop ! haha
have you read the dangerous voyage of gup the sailor ? i love it . bought it new .
you should ! google it ! its worth the read for sure .
you too i have to make dinner soon for my parents . i live with them .
hello , what is your favorite kind of cookie ?
never had anyone say that before . . . ever had a cookie ? lol
just last weekend . . . any other breakfast options you like ? bagels
my husband does the actual work , i have hobbies
training dogs is super fine
awwww i love pitbulls , they are so smart
well i would say that is the opposite of training
just a flesh wound , huh ?
hello . how are you ?
good . i am just taking a break from reading .
good . i am just taking a break from reading .
good . i am just taking a break from reading .
that sounds interesting . i have only seen seven surgeries in my life .
oh who is she ?
i like to go on walks . i like to read . sometimes i facetime with friends .
my father is a doctor . i always thought he was brave .
hello , how are you doing today ?
stressed honestly , i need to be on a beach somewhere instead of work .
i would go anywhere at this point i have been working 80 hours weeks .
none ever does anything right so i do it over to get it perfect .
yes , that is why i am always the first one in and last to leave .
are you a basketball player ?
too much time is spent at work that i do not have time .
just finished a 5 mile climb
all the way up to the forest and back . i am totally ready for the marathon .
yes ! and i am the alien ! woooooo ! wanna dance later ?
okokokok . but no drinks til midnite this time . i really want to cut the floor !
great ! wherever !
that is weird . but i like it !
duh .
hip hop tonite . punk on saturday !
hi , how are you today ?
oh , where were you at ?
fun . i am dating a guy that works for nasa .
tell me something about yourself . i am very forgetful .
another thing about me , i have two moms .
i see my moms a lot .
i like grey a lot . and blue .
hi ! i am living in california , where are you at ?
nice , my dogs a german shepard , do you see a lot of those there ?
congrats ! i like to go surfing with my girlfriend
do you guys like cars ? as a mechanic i fix up my corvette often
oh that sounds nice too
cool , i see a lot of cars as a mechanic too
no i have not , i have never gone out of california
you should visit more often , the beach is very relaxing
my favorite thing ever is to go running with my family !
right on . vegan is life ! ! how long have you been vegan ?
i have been shopping at american eagle for tens years now too ! awesome store
does your cat swim in the beach ? mine likes to
smart ! mine like to ride in my chevy duramax . my truck purrs too
i do not think so . i am vegan too , we can be best friends !
those are seriously the best ! i do them all the time with my kids
running on the beach is pretty awesome too though
question do you have a cat ?
i am single , with allergies , so i just ink them on , have six cats now !
my tat cats ? lol they are gender . what do you do for fun ?
sounds alluring ! whats your day job ?
cool , i am a file clerk boring . i love to dance , like my mom ballet. I wish I had pursued a career in dance like you. It sounds exciting!
there is not much call for male dancers in baltimore !
i have toyed with the idea , i just like to play things safe . what are your dreams ?
like a har men get it ? instead of harem !
hello , what are you up to today ?
that must have been rough .
wow , that just went from serious to light very quickly . i have been watching cartoons today .
i am sorry to hear that . i do not have a lot going on . just a really simple person .
that probably helps with your health issues . laughter can also help . i love jokes .
what is it called when a cat wins a dog show ?
my life is so very boring . i wish there was more excitement
my family excludes me from functions
really ? i wonder if my life would be better in space .
do you think they have beaches in space ?
do you teach music ? i love listening to classical music .
do you teach music ? i love listening to classical music .
do you teach music ? i love listening to classical music .
i am an art teacher
my husband and i enjoy summers on the beach in the summer
hey , how are you doing today ?
that is great ! what do you do for your job ?
that sounds like fun . i am a stay at home mom .
it sounds bad but i am obsessed with eating . i spend hours cooking
that sounds nice . i should do that since i have been wanting to feel pretty
i wish I could, none of my nice clothes fit me anymore
i would love to have one
hi . how are you today ?
do you have any pets ? i have a cat and dog .
i work in technology . i build computers .
are you in a relationship ?
i wish that i would never die , what about you ?
i like diving , freestyle usually .
oh . i run sometimes . i like walking better .
yes , sometimes . are you in a relationship ?
hi how are you today ?
i am alright are you adopted ?
i was . how does that make you feel
where do you work at ?
i work at a party store we could collaborate
we got them all . only the best partying goods
hi there ! how are you ?
that is not good . hopefully you were able to resolve the issue .
no . i am still in college . i have not found the one yet .
i have not chosen a subject yet . just seeing where life takes me .
i have got a crappy job at scrubway , but it pays the bills . you work ?
that is pretty neat . what do you like to do when you are not working ?
what type of music do you like to sing ? i prefer country .
hi how are you today
but it is raining outside
nothing really besides arrange my moms shoes
wow do you know michael jordan
do you get discounts on shoes ? my mom has 500
yeah i only have one pair
yeah she takes all the shoes ! !
i do not just me and my shoe mom
hello how are you this afternoon
i am in the subway on my way to work
i work in grocery store i love vegetables
i love colorado , next week i am going to canada to visit my sister
once in a while , i like snowboarding better
i mostly take care of my four cats
jose , what is your name
i am good at playing the piano . do you play an instrument too ?
i am sorry to hear that . think of audience members as your friends .
a night owl is what i am . do you stay up at night too ?
i eat as a vegetarian . how do you eat ?
dancing is one of my skills . do you dance too ?
i was about to say i am fanatical about singing . what do you sing ?
it is good to have confidence in whatever you do . anything else to learn ?
have any other school courses troubled you ?
hi , how are you today ?
i just finished dying my hair again , this time it is purple .
it is an attention getter since i am six feet , so you can not miss me lol
lol , i am just weird in general since i am classified as a genius .
i am so weird that i like to collect people and cats
my family travels a lot , i have relocated more than forty times this year .
well i should say stray people , it makes more sense .
i understand your back pain , i suffered with that for many years now
hi there . how are you ?
why ? i just finished frying some fish for dinner .
oh . i do not like clowns either .
oh . who is your favorite singer ?
oh . my favorite is justin bieber .
oh yeah . that was hard to believe .
tell me something about yourself .
i cannot drink milk . i am lactose intolerant .
hi . i am so busy .
i have to hurry . robert is waiting .
no , my younger brother . my best friend , dale , is out of town .
well i was a business major so i am looking for a business to be in .
oh . i just got back from being in Scotland for my hockey tryout .
it was fine but i had to get back to see robert and dale .
well i spend time with them when i am not watching that hockey .
hello , are you there ? how are you ?
i am good , i am just drinking my coffee .
i do , french vanilla is my favorite coffee flavor , what do you like to drink ?
haha , yeah my boyfriend I have been dating for 10 years has always liked beer
no , being a gymnast I only like to jump in the air not fly
awesome , what do you do for fun ?
that is cool , what do you take pictures of ?
hi , my name is jason
what would you like to talk about
eh , not much , just whatever is easiest i guess
that sounds like a lot of work
my family is annoying , my sister and mom nag me a lot
i game on my computer a lot
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great ! where do you live ? california here .
cool . what is your favorite food ?
i do ! my favorite thing is reading , though !
do you have a job ?
oh , okay , cool ! i am a power plant worker .
neat ! i cannot wait to have spaghetti for dinner .
hello ! how are you doing ?
military veteran that travels and discovers new cultures
love to play football and volunteer at the animal shelter
that sounds great ! are you married ?
20 years going strong . any favorite foods ?
oh yum ! i love hot wings and pizza
yea nothing better to eat during a football game
it was great chatting with you
hello , how are you tonight ?
i would be better if i could go on a first date
nope i have not been on a date , but karma is real
he stood me up , but now i have dogs
i adopted all of them , i love reading
one time long ago i wrote a biography
it was about my favorite actor who is also a gardener
i love lamp and i love to cook
what is your favorite fast food hamburger ?
yeah i suppose . i want to see a few that are in theatre now .
i like documentaries . do you have facebook ?
i just press like on any post i see haha
i use to take ballet . do you like the show dance moms ?
they should do a country version on that , maybe in texas .
i am from texas , you ?
hi how are you today ?
very cool . do you work ?
i have 3 kids i take care of them
i have to cook for them all but i enjoy it
mostly hotdogs for them heh
true and i hate when my dog gets cold
i did before i got married young
are you living in america ?
hi , whom am i speaking with ?
i have little time for fun , i study a lot . what about you ?
i do play with my four legged child !
funny ! i like red , the color of my bedroom walls !
i have no siblings , going to the pizza place tonight .
i have a part-time job between classes .
just me and my books ! and my fur baby ! you ?
hello . how was your weekend ? i finished reading three books .
adore it ! i can read english and french . been reading since i was three !
fun ! any certain ones ?
how many kids do you have ?
i have four as well . two girls two boys .
stay at home mom . working on ged since i am a highschool dropout .
hello , apparently i am a guy of younger age
that is wonderful . i have a long beard and a small dog
his name is contraband and he likes to play football with me
that is cool . my husband is in the military
yes i have moved about 20 times
its given me a lot of perspective . tell me more
anything else you got about you !
hello how are you today ?
i am good , just outside picking rocks up
that is very good . do you like beans ?
i am just staring at my paintings today
man i smell like them , you should come smell me
not as weird as my dragon ball z collection
do you collect anything for personal use ?
it is tons of fun i recommend doing it
hi i am gerald and today is a nice day
nice to meet you april what did you cook ?
cool . what is your favorite color april ? mine is green
that is a pretty color ! i know.
that is a great career , mine is McDonald's , nothing special like yours
yeah i should , maybe i should apply for a basketball career
very true ! well i have to get going
hello , how are you today ?
i am well , thanks . working on a party i am planning .
i have been know to throw a good party
thanks great . mine will be monkey themes
hoping so . i enjoy meeting strangers
i think they are sweet . i wonder if they like honey lie i do
like clowns i suppose . you enjoy weddings ?
hello , i just got out of work . how are you ?
oh , i enjoy my job , but i get tired of smelling pizza .
what do you do on the computer ?
oh well if you were a waiter serving pizza everyday , you would be tired of it .
that is nice . i do not have pets , so i spend free time riding bike .
i like chai tea ! i am drinking a margarita though !
i do not drink often . i am not married though and need to relax .
person i come from a poor family who loves nature and beauty , and have faith in fairytales
being poor i learned that yoga helps ease the mind , so i practice and hike .
me too . and i love animals and am obsessed with them like really love them ya know
do not you wish the animals would become more human ? like in fairytales , so i can love them
i cannot get off the animals , i am obsessed . my keeps telling me to get off them .
i just love them animals so much it hurts me sometimes .
hi , i have been drinking . i usually drink at bars with friends though .
well i have four dogs and they like chewing on toes .
they are toe chewer breeds , and i love to photograph them every day !
no , the only pictures i need are the tattoos on my arm .
i do not understand your line of questioning . do you have a hobby ?
do you have an aid reading this for you ?
you should take your social security check and go to the Philippines .
the cost of living is low , and if you are a male , you will do well .
hey i am ree . how are you today ?
not too bad , tell me about yourself ?
oh that is awesome ! i am a vegan and work as an emergency room nurse
sometimes , but i like the fast-paced work . i also love to read
that is ok though ! do you like movies ? that is my other favorite thing
oh i love julia roberts , especially pretty woman yep 7 1-year-old girls
smart boy . . i like chocolate cake too
i bet . i am no good at baking . i have a hard time with boxed mixes lol
i have a german shepard named kiwi , do you have pets
what things do you like , i surf the atlantic in spare time
yeah i work a lot too , i work as a mechanic part-time
well living in california is expensive so i save by doing my car work
yes ! recently i drove cross country in my corvette , it was amazing
yes its a 2017 corvette , i love it ! what kind of car do you have
well plenty of space for cargo lol
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am jane , i think i have met you before mia !
i am living in virginia in my parents basement actually . you ?
i just got off work too , at a flower shop
wow nice . on my way to work i feed stray cats
that is unfortunate , i love cats ! i do not get out much , i read used books mostly
yeah ? do you like vegetarian food too ?
yum i love green beans !
hello how is your day ?
good thank you . listening to music by Ed Sheeran .
oh , I see . well I am in the exercise field yoga to be exact .
watch their foods and eat healthy foods , like I do .
so they will have a good start and not work in casinos
for entertainment I go to the theater to see comedies .
well , statistics are good if you are counting cards ?
hey , this worries me because i usually say the wrong thing .
wow , cat ladies are usually old . is that the wrong thing to say ?
my dad owns an appliance store . when he dies i do not want it .
people make me nervous so i always eat at home and watch netflix .
i only watch obscure foreign films , obviously .
metallica sucks ! wait , was that the wrong thing to say ?
i really need your advice
i went to this event with my boss and we um . . did it . he is married !
now he keeps asking for more and when i say no he gives me crap jobs
no thanks i abstain . what a mess . gotta pay my student loans
shopping is not going to solve my problem . i cant even do my normal life stuff anymore
should i turn him in ? his wife will find out . i do not want to hurt her
they have two kids innocent kids i cant just quit i need the money
where is your favorite place to visit ? i love beaches .
that does not mean you do not have a favorite place to visit .
i have never been to detroit . also , i am a veterinarian .
titanic is a great movie . i can never pick favorites . too difficult .
i am engaged . my fiance is in management . i am a trophy husband .
no masters yet but soon . what is your favorite fruit ? i like strawberries .
who does not like to party ? i feel like partying right now .
kids are usually the result of partying lol .
hello ! how are you ?
i play baseball . i am pretty darn good at it .
teachers are amazing . how fast do you pitch ?
so you work with kids . have any of your own ?
how sweet . i have three kids , too .
oh no , maam . i am good at swingin a bat and stealing second . that is about it .
my first son is going to be great . someday he will play for the orioles , too .
hello ! how are you tonight ?
namaste ! i am well , taking some much needed time alone .
my yoga practice has brought me deeply in touch with the universe , yes .
recently , i have learned to love being alone after instruction , connecting with my inner light .
i have found that the color pink resonates deeply within me .
everything about it i teach yoga !
wonderful ! i began after marrying the woman i have been dating since 10th grade !
hi , how are you today ?
do you have any kids ?
i have a 2 year old and 6 year old .
what do you do for a living ?
i work at aldis part time .
i love working there . people are great .
and they have such good prices .
whats going on ? ! any pets ?
ahahah i have got easily the most loyal pig ever !
haha whoops . no i meant to say pug .
not really . i study law though . i am a grad student
a lot of work . but yea , i am a bit of a night owl
yea , introvert is an understatement lol i am up all night studying
for the first time , i did not work today .
wow ! kids are great though !
no , i do not . i am by myself but i have no complaints .
i just came into a lot of money , i should get a dog now .
nothing ! my job is to try my luck . no work hours for me !
yes , i play the violin , and also make them by hand .
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing wonderfully , i spoke to my moms today , they are coming to visit .
my one mom makes the best spaghetti and meatballs . she puts ricotta in them .
she does . my boyfriend loves her fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw, if I could eat fish, I would love to try your mom's fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw.
i do too , my other mom is allergic , so it is a rare treat .
she stops breathing if we do not get to her in time .
similar to those with peanut allergies .
you are very lucky , my boyfriend says it is a big problem at nasa
hi ! i love the color red , do you ?
nice ! i have one as well
no i do not ! how tall are you ?
i am very tall 7ft !
no they are midgets . being tall makes it hard to water ski, if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have tall parents like you.
no i live near the beach
cool , i love to eat at italian restaurants
hi how are you this weekend ?
pretty good . watching irma coverage instead of watching laker game reruns
i hope your friends are safe too ! pretty stressful for people .
i have never been in a hurricane thankfully .
i wish them well . my grandparents lived in the south and they were in them before .
they are okay , still alive . going to get some ice cream with grandfather later today actually
i sold my harley but i still love to ride a motorcycle .
that must be a friendly dog .
i eat chicken every day at my new job but i eat with my fingers .
i got a new job cleaning gutters at a chicken place and i get free lunch .
you might be the right age to know jess greenberg my favorite singer .
i have my certification and even more . i am just as good at archery .
when all 3 wives get mad together you will want to ride a motorcycle too .
i ride my motorcycle to the archery center to get away from my 2 wives .
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great ! do you like movies ?
i love to hike but movies are my favorite .
love drama and mystery and superheroes .
no , never took another language , you ?
nice ! i had a boss that could speak 7 languages , so smart !
i am from ma , how about you ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
nice do you draw a lot
do you have tiny fingers then
my huge fingers are sausages
nice i drank too much soda
yeah sprite is the best
yeah i think it is the best one
good afternoon ! i need a lot more coffee . lol
love that too . i am waiting on my car to be fixed . you ?
yoga ? my car is old so it is a good thing i can run . lol
very cool . i am currently single . but i get out a lot with friends .
ha ! that is hilarious . i hate that chalkboard noise .
true enough . the dust is awful .
it is for drying hands , correct ?
how are you doing today ?
great i just watched game of thrones
i like star trek , but mostly i play soccer .
i eat a lot of mashed potatoes . . .
are you vegan ? i love vegan food
i try to eat mostly veggies , what else do you like ?
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i am doing awesome , studying by the lake .
that sounds wonderful . i am a dancer , so i will be in the studio .
ballet , i have been dancing since i was three .
nursing . i have spent a few days in the hospital during my career .
torn ligaments , comes with the territory . it is , i want to give back .
that is an amazing thing you are doing . doctors without borders is my goal .
i love chicken salad . it is unhealthy with all of the mayo .
hello and greetings from austin , texas !
i work a lot . i wish i had more time with my son .
i am a cool dad , taking my son to see imagine dragons tonight . our fave .
what is your favorite tv show ?
nice , i watch a bunch of true crime stuff on i would discovery .
sure are . may i ask how old you are ?
i bet that was scary ! thank goodness you are ok !
that is good to hear . maybe someday you will be okay with driving ?
hello how are you today ?
what were you doing ? a girl is unaware that i love her .
no , at least i think she does not
maybe when i am at the community theater . when we are not in school .
yeah she is an actor . i want to be one too
yes , even though my parents wanted me to be a doctor like both of them
i will , what do you work at ?
how long have you been retired ?
hey there how are you ?
oh i am doing well . what kind of foods do you like ?
that is cool . i love italian food . i do not have many hobbies . you ?
that is cool . i took the on vacation to italy this summer
i am an old child sadly . where do you work ?
that is cool , i just work in a boring office from 9 to 5
a stationery company . it is small
10 long boring years . i may quit soon
hi how are you today
not so great i am very weak
that is so evil . i despise evil
i do not . my heart hurts so much
i am selfish so just loving myself
the only person that i trust is god
aw hell nah man never
yeah so many trees so much shade
i have big and long fingers .
chocolate cake is one . but i done eat shrimps .
sorry its not my mother tongue . but i am tall and have big legs .
i feel like dump and skeleton but just wasting my hours here .
you did just scroll up and you will see .
i will report you because you lied to me i just read that you have twins .
what will you report ? i will tell it to your twin that you lied .
i do not care he is not that good in the first place
hi i am sarah how are you today
i am doing ok i am grading papers my students had a test yesterday
yeah i teach elementary school at the 5th grade level
i like to watch sports mostly tennis and golf . what do you like to do
yes they play them a lot here in new york
i like to read while sitting by the lake
i mostly have weekends off but summer vacation is nice to have
yeah we do not have the whole summer off tho we have meetings and things
hey, what's going on ? good day ?
well, that is awesome . i actually decided about a year ago to become vegan
ll that is odd . where do you work ?
i work for a grocery store . handle bookkeeping and tours
oh those guys are awesome ! i volunteer for an urban farm occasionally
oh yea ? that is pretty cool
hi ! let us get to know one another ! tell me something cool about yourself !
nice to meet you steve ! i am harsh on myself . are you ?
cool . sadly i do not like myself . do you like yourself ?
interesting . do you like your reputation ? i do not like mine .
oh i see . do you ever think about moving ? i do , it is what i want . I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
it is a bad habit . do you like feeling controlled . i really do not .
i might try that ! there is one mistake i wish could be taken back .
i really enjoy dogs 1 is on my lap lol
i work in a dr office is so much going on there
whats that mean ? lol own any books ? i like to read
how could you help me ? i do not need any lol
oh i gotcha , typos happen ha
its pink , what is yours ?
no i work for a ob gyn but if i could have a different career, i would be an artist.
hello , great to meet you !
same here . plus i love talking . i am a happy kind of person .
i am ! mostly i just like to walk and listen to music .
i like them ! i am a fan of up .
are you currently in school ?
those pastimes do not make you old .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing good too , thanks . what do you do for fun ?
you like to cook then ? sounds fun . i love birthdays , i even call my ex on his
yes , i think they are just special . i also have a sportscar . its very fast .
i have never been on one before . i would like to try
i am afraid of spiders , they are just disgusting .
they also have too many legs . have you seen the new it movie ?
i really liked it , but you might not because of the clowns .
hi there . what are you up to tonight ?
how is it outside if it is the attic ?
oh . i enjoy playing ice hockey .
that is gross . are you in school ?
ok . i am in high school .
oh . i really like math .
oh . what is your major ?
then why are you going for it ?
hi how are you doing today
i am doing well allergies are acting up today
i like watching tv shows and movies
at least you still try . what do you do for a living ?
oh ok i produce tv commercials . do you like school
hopefully it is not a far way to ride .
that is good it is good exercise too
hi there how are you today ?
i am good . just eating mac and cheese . it is my favorite .
same . i like to sit on my couch and watch tv while eating mac and cheese
top gear the car show . my job is to make cars .
they make cars . it is a good line of work . i get paid 30 grand a year
yeah it is , but enough about me . tell me about you .
what kind of work do you like to do ?
you sound very very handy !
i was born and raised in nevada , where are you from
i am a pilot so now i fly for career
i moved to new mexico 2 years ago . do you have any pets ?
that is great , me and my dogs live here in new mexico
i love to go hiking with my dogs
i like the nfl as well , no pro teams in new mexico though !
i fly to alot of pro games since i am a pilot
i crashed my plane last week , but i jumped just before it blew up
what are you doing on this beautiful day ?
oh that is pretty cool . i actually teach special ed
i am a single mom of two sons . i really respect what you do
do you make enough money ?
oh okay . i sell mary kay to make extra money
yes it just takes a lot of consistency
i try to . what else do you do for fun ?
that is great . i psychoanalyze my friends . it drives them nuts
how are you ? i am home watching cars , lightning mcqueen is my favorite .
that sounds great ! i like basketball , it is fun to play .
my grandpa takes me for ice cream after football games on sunday .
i like to make pizza with my grandma . do you have pets ?
oh no ! i have a cat , his name is mater .
he is my sons favorite . cars 3 is my favorite so far .
my astros are in the playoffs !
i wish you luck in the league .
hi how are you this morning
i write books too under a different name of course . what genre do you want
that is good i play every once in a while do you like music
unicorns are cool no matter what age you are . what do you do for a living
that would be interesting to do . I wish I could hike the Appalachian Trail one day.
what kind of book do you want to write ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am just watching some tv
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali . its pretty hot
there is always a drought here
is it cold right now ?
what are you going to school for ?
hi how are you today
you should be in school then !
do you like the night ?
who is your favorite one
well technically he is not , but i guess home is where the heart is
i just draw and draw
i am not sure really . you are a regular benjamin button
i guess . watch some movies kiddo
hi , my name is linda
really ? that is neat . what are your hobbies ?
i used to be a clown in the circus , but now i am a paperwork monkey
neat , i have done a lot of side gigs myself , including staring on a reality tv show
no , a smaller one about surfing , which is one of my hobbies
yes , i live about 10 miles from the pacific ocean
yeah , they talk about a lot of problems in the country music i listen too
hi ! do you have any hobbies ?
i absolutely love dancing and driving my prius
wow that is amazing ! i am a barista so that is super cool
are you a computer scientist ?
cool ! if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?
nice ! do you have any family
oh i just have my mom . she cut hair for a living
if you could have dinner with anyone dead or alive who would it be ?
how are you ? threw my tv out for good . reading more now
trying to get ideas for teaching my students composition in painting
i need a loan too . my girlfriend left me and she left me broke
well maybe you can teach French to us citizens .
is that your favourite dish ?
are you homeless ? i know people are always looking for ESL teachers .
no . no pets . my girlfriend wanted sole custody of our dog
i wanted to go vegan and also throw away the tv . i guess just different life directions
hi ! how are you doing ?
aw , i could get you a new one from work at a doctors office
some , i like the art . i have thorns and a rose tattooed on my feet
cool , i wear only silver jewelry on my eyebrows
do you learn about manga at university ?
cool , learning japanese could help too
hey how are you ? . tell me about yourself .
oh i see . i was addicted to alcohol and i just coming out of it .
nice . so that is why you became a scientist . tell me what you love to do .
wow that is a totally different field . what else ?
i like to fix old classic cars . but i am doing better .
yes anyway , i was so poor that i had to live in a storage for 60 days .
hello . how are you doing today ?
that sounds delish . i made pancakes and bacon .
your breakfast sounds a lot healthier than mine was !
i need to do the same . . . recent blood pressure issues .
no , i am divorced . are you married ?
he will find you if he is the real mr . right .
hey hows things ? howre ya
that sucks gotta travel more
that is cool . i can give you a ride . i fly planes
oh . where do you live
oh hi . i live in n mexico
not really . i did spend my childhood in nevada
hey ! do you work , or are you retired ? i am retired , myself .
that is cool . does that enable you to travel much ? i would like to travel .
i love taking long walks , and reminiscing about my days as a school teacher .
we ? are you married ? i have a husband who is going to retire soon .
that sounds very cool ! do you get to travel with your band ?
very awesome . my husband and i want to travel after he retires next year .
anywhere with a lot of hiking trails !
so true ! how far from retirement are you ?
hello . how are you today ?
what kind of fish ?
i do not like fish . too slimy . rather eat ice cream !
are you in college like me ?
what kind of work do you do ?
i really enjoy traveling . been many places . how about you ?
do you see your parents a lot ?
hi how are you doing today i am fine thanks to god .
yes i love reading the bible .
yes i also enjoy eating pizza it is so tasty l . o . l
me either that is okay i love to cook and bake too .
l . o . l you are funny cool i like to go travel .
i have dogs they are the best animals . do you
yes i eat cookies and cream also vanilla .
hi , how are you today ?
yeah ! i especially like old movies , especially westerns .
oh that is great . i am in college . do not have much time to watch movies now .
i like meeting people and talking too . i am like to cook , and i have two kids .
usc pre med . i am divorced . d
what country do you live in ? i live in america .
yes . my kids are 7 and 9
i like hindu food . i am not a very good baker though . my mom has mastered that. I wish I could join a cooking class to learn how to bake better.
hi , how are you today ?
i am doing good , i just got back from walking my dog around the park .
i adore my dog ! it is a poodle .
oh great , i usually walk to the outdoor theatre to watch plays .
no , i usually am making wedding cakes , so it takes a long time !
yes , i do , do you have many hobbies ?
what kind of music do you listen to ?
wow , what the heck so do i ? ? ?
hey there . read any good books lately ?
sounds like you have some big dreams .
i hope to be a manager at the power plant that i work at some day .
cool . ever dabble with alternate energy ? i wonder what else planes can fly on .
i drive a Chevy Bolt , but i think we can do a lot better .
do what i can . i rigged my dad a solar heater for his office . the shed lol
i go to college and i workout every day . are you a social butterfly like me ?
that is cool . i like swimming too . we have things in common already
i have to eat huge meals to get the right fuel i need to keep going
oh i go to college in ga , go dawgs ! i need a job like yours .
i have a big lonely house too . i live alone here
i am a chef and i need a job . ok i will work for 10 less
i only ran upstairs twice when i was exercising
live there in summer and here in winter and eat large portions of lean meat
i am a trained classical chef , you ?
i have male baldness type patterns going on , and i am a lady
no . my low ambition is probably because my mother does not show me love
i have a parrot , whose name is parrot . my only significant other .
sometimes the parrot drives me nuts . the chef in me wants to make chicken wings .
they are delicious , and they do not repeat back what i say
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing good thanks for asking
i am a college student in cali
what city are you from ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
i do not get to get out much
computer science maybe i might change
hi my name is natalie , i am 9 years old
i said hello that is all i see . oh guess what ! i am going to camp !
will you tell them all of my new friends ?
oh that would be the coolest thing ever ! i just moved to the us .
syria , mommy says she is letting me play soccer in the fall . .
what is yoga , is it like a bear ?
oh . like splits ? i can do jumping jacks !
hello there . how are you ?
nice to meet you . i am a crazy cat lady and deliver packages .
i have a trio of three cats . ll
i have a black belt in my love of candy !
i am so sorry . that must be awful .
what does that mean ?
hey there good afternoon to you
i am well nah i am sad lost my darn job
i am bi an with my parents still its a mess
yes it could , i am always sad ugh , how are you ?
i am looking for another so do not feel sorry for me .
what is the name of your crew ?
let me see them tats are cool
why do you fight omg
hey there how are you doing ?
oh yeah are they wild or upset ?
is that your passion , shopping ? sounds nice .
dang that sounds fun . are you single do you larp ?
oh , what is single lapping ?
oh i see , i do in the forest . i live with my mom . . in the basement
i never see my dad now he moved to guam
it is far from kansas and i miss him
good day , i hope it is sunny where you are
of course i would , better than reading . . which i love
love stories . . . i love late night chats in the dark
oh boy they are funny
i enjoy being alone so i eat a lot of takeout
single is correct probably cause i love dream theater
what do you do for work
hey how are you ? i love cats and my favorite color is green
good ! i am excited because i am planning a new trip
i think i am going to go to tour europe
our pets would make a pair , lol cats and dogs
no . . . i am more of a car person
dude that is so perfect . what kind of car do you like the most ?
oh that is such a classic car a real beauty !
hi , how are you today ?
that would be tiring , do you like it ? i fix bikes and love it
cool , do you have any pets ? i have my good dog george
awesome ! i take george to the beach all the time , how about you ?
not too many things are better than the beach
i am in south carolina , californias beaches have to be way warmer
oh , probably pretty similar weather to me then
it is a nice place , pretty beaches and tons of places to ride around
hey there how are you ? my hair is red .
oh really , whats stopping you ? got any friends ?
i enjoy riding my scooter with no music . just the wind .
really ? cool i have a ton of friends .
are your parents tall also ?
its okay i would still laugh ! try me 1 .
jello , that is what i love , i am mad for jello !
boston , that ; s crazy , i have an apartment that i live in there !
you know , i have pets that are named after stipplers , there is four of them
major ? , not likely , try magic the gathering , i love it and you will too !
its a game , like you know , played on cards , whatever .
play , how can i teach you anything if i am unable to whistle ? how ?
whistle ? , no never have been a whistler , cannot do it with anyones brothers
what are you up to ?
i love traveling . i am just admiring my short pink hair .
cool . i am 43 and still have no children
i want kids but being a freight truck driver i would not have time
that is good . my eggs are probably too old though
with your violin ? sounds interesting
not really . i am pretty boring . do you ?
hello there . how are we today ?
not much since my father passed . just play the piano to pass the time. If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
yeah . it gets lonely since my boyfriend got deployed in the army .
yes i do . i am an interior designer actually .
a rebel actually . parents never liked that .
i just 31 this year . feeling like i need to get my life moving
that is sweet . congratulations to you . how old are they ?
hi how are you tonight
i like listening to rap in my firetruck
yes it is but when i am off i like to fish
eat them if they are big enough
i do it when on the phone with my mom
yes but i do not have much time for them
yes i am sure they do but it is hard being me
hey how is it going ?
cool . i do not have kids . just putting off going to bed with my dogs
wow , boy scouts and th , you like that sort of thing . any specific work you are in ?
ha . i am an accountant . some think it might be boring , but i like it .
well thank you , i appreciate that . but i am just a meat and potatoes kind of guy .
sorry . just basic and solid . do not consider myself fancy . anything else 2 know about you ?
very much so . which ones ?
just a little spanish . the hyundai i lease is korean , but that is all !
not really . i am ready to get some rest .
its 11 21 pm . how bout you ?
yep . and babysit my friends kids after that .
i love to work out , what about you ?
what kind ? my fav is mustang 5 . 0 .
ok , trucks are good . i have hundreds of friends on social media .
yes ! ! its the only thing i do not get distracted for .
yes i do . i need to be serious about school , too bad elvis not my teach .
its blonde , all my ex did not like it .
i was thinking about pink for breast cancer awareness month .
hi i am in sales and love summer , have fridays off
good , enjoying my sunday morning
oh sorry about that . taking lots of fluids ?
not good are you at work ?
ok how long have you been disabled ?
i cannot imagine . are you able to work ?
what kind of work do you do
why are some people giants ?
okay , people say am a giant and make fun of me .
am fifteen ft tall and obese .
i always bend when getting out or drive in my wheel chair .
yes , but every one who looks at me wonders why am like that .
my hobby is singing especially when am lone . I wish I could perform on stage as a singer like you.
i am from london but am in a holiday in canada .
its my first time to be there as part of my birthday celebrations .
hey .
i am good thanks , how about you ?
i just did the same , i had a hearty lunch .
a very large meal , chinese food mainly .
fish but it gets a bit awkward , i love to swim .
oh great . i love the facebook app it lets me connect .
i love to see my friends on there my social life is very important
hi how are you doing
that is cool do you like sports
i play basketball for a living
cool are you an attorney
that sounds beautiful i love the mountains
yeah i love traveling in the off-season
not really what about you
hi . i still live at home . sad huh
i am trying to buy a car
that is fun . i would like it
i like to be 18, but I wish I could go back to being 18 and have more time for bowling.
i wish i was old . i am taking a year before school
well , i am living with my folks
that sounds fu . i think i will
that is awesome . do you si ?
good evening , how are you doing ?
well , i do not eat meat . i think my cats appreciate that .
i love dairy ! i eat a lot of ice cream when i am working in my flower shop. I wish I could work in a flower shop surrounded by beautiful blooms all day long.
oh fun , what is your business about ?
lol there is great books about marketing , i used to read a lot .
my cats would be all over me if i tried that
i think i would get stuck . . .
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . just watching animal videos on the internet
i do hike , and i love looking for wildlife always when i am out
i love the animals too much . visit the shelter often , and i have several breeds of pets
cats , dogs , snakes , fish . you ?
i am here . are you ?
i love eggs ! what else do you like ?
i do not , but i am thinking of getting one
hi , how are you doing today ?
i like listening to country music .
i also follow the news closely , and you ?
i love crafting and i love hobby lobby ?
i love new tech devices , and you ?
me too , i just finished a sweater
i have a junker car , i do not make that much money
and you what do you drive ?
hey , what is going on ?
me too really . long ride today .
well , i am in colorado right now . i rode from my condo in denver up to aspen .
a bit . i am more of a motorcycle guy , though .
oh , that is neat ! and yes , the roads here are awesome .
i like some of it . blackbird especially .
finance . got to to afford my hobbies . and you ?
for years i had a job as a nurse , you ?
my hubby , he sold stuff , lots of stuff , he was a salesman until he died
kj , that ; s my cat , we are married now , he very fussy though !
too bad , cooking is my passion , i really like it
that is awesome , i have moved around to many states , alabama was one of them
yeah that is where i worked as a nurse for several years
my cat kj , we were married 3 months ago but were having issues
hi how are you tonight
i do not have any family
i am not sure how to feel i always travel and it is cheaper by myself, but I wish I could travel the world like you do, always exploring new places.
yes lets have a sing along i hardly sleep
i am in ohio it is boring
i love steak and veggies how about you
no i am not much into that movie
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
not much i just lost my job
i got fired for not working hard enough
i hate being around people tho
i know but people are so rude
hello there hows the weather where you are ?
i know what you mean my computer is front of a big window
i like to swim , read books
me too got a coffee club i attend most weeks
yes , i have a knack for speaking writing texting
no recently lost my parents so dating is off the table for a while
hey there how are you today ?
i am doing just fine
yeah i am a cartoonist , i always liked them more than movies
not yet , just online . i am trying to make an animation studio
i moved out when i was in 8th grade , i was 14
i ran away to my grand parents
yeah , do you live near any water ?
hi , how are you doing
ok , am just get through working in my garden
yes , but red is my favorite
well that nice , i do caregiver
that very nice , you are bless
yes do caregiver for senior
that ok , just fine i understand .
i have five and married
hi , i am holley . i attend cmcc
i am in college and i have no brothers or sisters
you will . i wear the color red all the time
that is cool . i have a dog named rover
thanks . you would love him , he is awesome
he is 3 yrs old . he is a inside dog
hi . my team and i have designed 65 video games at work to date .
i enjoy him . i listen to him as i plan my gaming start up company .
i wish i could but i have to go to my sons local football game soon .
where would you like to go ?
sounds fun . do you have a family to go with you ?
sure ! can watch just so much football . you drive , i plan a game .
hello , what are your hobbies i like to ride horses
nice , my parents adopted me at 2 years of age
they could not have kids , so i am the only kid in my family
that is cool , are you married ? do you believe in love ? because i do not
wow that must have been cramped
so i guess love is not for you ? i like beer myself
i see , that is probably for the best
good evening ! i am so glad someone is able to play with me .
okay . lonely , my cat and fish want to be alone instead of with me . you ?
5 ? whoa ! wish i could have kids , since the accident i am stuck in a bed .
i severed my spinal cord sky diving , it was crazy . luckily i can work from home now .
what do you do for work ?
i bet you get some pretty mad people on the phone . no one likes those things .
what kinds of things are you into ?
hi names greg single and love bacon
yeah bacon wrapped cod is good on the beach
spring time is amazing out here
bob ross got me started in painting i live in montana
nice , i work in graphic arts how about you
i will be retired when my nephew shows me he is ready to take over
i would like to retire before i am senior
if I could eat sunfish, I would have a feast every day.
oh man another hard day roofing , i could really use a beer .
i never was much for reading . i always enjoyed sports i played foot ball in high school .
that is cool , i like to drive my lifted chevy up to the lake some days
wow that is young , want to go out and get a steak for dinner ?
sure , cartoons it is we can take my truck .
we could go to the lake and go fishing and bbq up those steaks .
hey . how are you doing today ?
doing okay . just reading . learning something new day is fun .
prefer anything . at least it's Saturday . time to go out dance it up .
what you like to eat when you go out with friends ?
sounds good would just get a salad and what plans for the day ?
Cheesecake sounds good . always wear my shark tooth necklace when I go out .
draw me a shark sometime and that's a good talent
this song on right now just want to dance for a while and that's fine
hi its a gorgeous day where i live how about you
that is great . what is your favorite ice cream ?
i like pistachio . i tried it when i went to the caribbean .
i have never been but i hear the beaches are pretty . do you travel ?
i can only travel at certain times too . my husband works so much .
trinidad and tobago it was so fun . i love meeting new people .
no i have not just to puerto rico . you traveled there ?
hi there
i am doing great thanks . you ?
how cute ! i also have three dogs . do you have other pets ?
awesome ! what do you like to do for fun ?
nice ! my husband and i play bingo every wednesday .
yeah i feel you . i love staying home too and enjoying my family .
oh nice , i am in california .
i love guitar , my mom is a nurse . i hate coffee but i have 8 years profession
i do not like it you should make money
you are really smart but why ?
how old are them when they died ?
i do not have i like reading
not yet why do you love it ?
really ? i wish i can see them
its ok i will just imagine them
hi how are you today ?
worrying a little about my boyfriend in iraq . the army can be tough .
going to try to work on my chopin on piano , you ?
i love it when they lay in different colors . i have never seen a yellow egg .
great ! yellow is my favorite . when is a good time to visit ?
i wear my hair short so the heat will not bother me . I wish I could play the piano like you, but I can't even read music.
how many do you have ?
hi ! i am arnold . how are you ?
me too . that is when my birthday is . i will be 11 !
i mostly watch tv when i am not at school though .
rick and morty , but do not tell my mom .
i just learned how to make ham and cheese sandwiches . i love them . maybe i will be chef !
i have never seen the ocean . but what if it was orange juice instead ? so cool !
i am ten , right now . until the spring . is there anything weird and cool about you ?
i have never met an artist before . do you paint ? they cut art out at school .
hey , how is it going dude ?
just relaxing at home while my employees do the work for me .
want to work for me ? i can only pay you minimum wage , however .
well i have my own business . life is good .
awesome . i have the time to vacation since i do not need to show face at work .
it is because i have so much money from my own business .
i eat whatever i want at home since i stay at home all day .
it is ! i hope one day you can be successful like me .
hello , how are you this evening ?
that sounds fun , i am working on a short story , well attempting . my computer sucks .
i first started writing in philosophy class , it was that boring .
that is amazing , what do you do ?
were you ever in the olympics ?
how sad . what else do you like to do ?
i love photography , black and white is my favorite .
mine is purple , makes me feel so fancy .
hi how are you doing ?
ok sure you can fire away
and that was the question ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
where is your brother from
hi names wendy and am married and have a son .
i am 54 years old and i am also a grandmother .
yes i live and live near lake eerie .
nice ! ! i enjoy and love my grandkids we do a lot together .
yeah that is hard with language barriers . my husbands mother is from spain . .
no she does not speak well .
i will have to use my husband as a translator a lot of times .
yeah use rosette stone . i enjoy reading books
hi i am mike from baltimore
that would work do you have any tattoos ? i have six
mine are of cats i have no idea why i did that lol
i have not but i have seen them on tv
what do you do for work ? i am in med administration
whatever works . my moms a dancer
ballet she started as a kid and went pro
they taste pretty good i get them sometimes
hello , how are you ? i am such a social butterfly lets chat
so what going on for you this evening ?
i really enjoy swimming so i do not watch much tv
i attend college at the university of texas . and you ?
nice , are there a lot of graphic designers in cali ?
so much great food in cali , i love to eat really large meals
hi how are you doing ?
no really what do you do for a living ?
ok why are you so orange ?
or maybe you ate too many cheetos ?
you should i think they are in mexico
are you forgetful as well ?
oh man this is just crazy
hi there . how is it going ?
yes , i do . do you go often ?
that sounds so much fun .
i am an accountant . and i like any music that will make me dance .
we can geek out together . i am married .
i love tedious reconciliations . i love to dance more than anything .
it can be . i usually have music on when i work .
hey , how's life going for you ?
my life is great , i am so happy i am gonna be a father
well , i am 20 years old , just got out of college and my girl 6 months pregnant
it really is , i am proposing to my love tonight
so do i because we just bought a house and we right next to her parents
oh they love me , even though i am white and she is black
why should they , in my eyes , love has no color
thanks so much for your acceptance , i love her so much
good morning , hello , how are you ?
doing what ? i am a nurse .
what made you want to get into that ? good with people ?
no shirt , no shoes , no problem .
is it a hobby or profession ? i only paint with my children .
so she is a teacher , that is interesting . i have thought of teaching a cooking class .
my favorite food is mexican . cooking is artistic in a way , do not you think ?
hi how are you today
what kind of job is that ?
do you have an imaginary friend ?
i have one he is cool yo
i do not do you like pizza
yeah i make pizza puffings they are delicious
they are alright do you though
very nice i am only 19
hello how are you today ?
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i make hot dogs for a living .
i also bag groceries for a living
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i dress up , i like fashion shows
i have a best friend , do you ?
hi how are you today
was it bad news then ?
sorry do you go to work
that is very noble of you
that is a great film yeah
i love anything with fashion
that does sound nice yeah
oh wow you are a bird ?
hello ! how are you this evening ?
what kinds of projects ? are you an artist ?
i love gardening , that is how i express my artistic side .
my 3 children help me a lot , i like to put them to work !
what do you do for work ?
i like to travel too , but how can you travel without income ?
that is very lucky for you . us teachers do not make much money .
yes but then i would have to move from the suburbs to the city .
hello there , how are you ?
i am good . do you like sports ? i am a big sports fan
i love the buffalo bills , my family holds season tickets
are you in college ? i currently go to union college to be an english teacher
oh nice i love naps ! i would also like to study abroad in spain .
yes , i want to teach there for a year or two . i have hazel eyes .
i love the fall . i will not go during buffalo bills season of course
hello ! how are you doing today ?
doing good . do you work ?
nice . i bet you like animals
do you have any pet ?
nice . i heard cats are easier than dogs
i like dogs but I wish I could adopt more dogs and cats, but I am a vegan.
i work as a doctor in er
yes . it was my dream . how about you ?
hello how are you doing this evening ?
i am sorry to hear you are sad . what is the matter ?
oh no ! that is terrible . did the dog service ?
you should tell him . i wish i could eat ice cream .
i ski competitively , so i need to stay in shape .
i hope to get on one this year ! my family really believes in me .
not really , skiing is my life . what about you ?
that is cool . i have red hair , what about you ?
i cant wait until fall break from school . how are you ?
i am well i miss my bff
i love friends an i love to have hockey partners
what kind ?
really ? ! where are they from ? i flown pretty far for my major
italy
hi there ! thought I'd hop online while resting after cleaning some houses !
you a doctor or a mental help worker ?
no . I'm younger and don't have much money . plus I suffer anxiety .
i bowl . i m pretty good . i've even bowled a perfect game twice !
mostly my dad . he's a retired cop and he has PTSD as well .
I got PTSD from being held at gunpoint by a crazy man at work
me too ! but honestly I think a lot of people suffer from PTSD . you might know some !
you sound like a good and nice doctor . it's so important for compassionate healthcare
hi how are you today ?
i am super afraid of heights
do you have any pets though
i like music do you ?
do you play music too ?
wow you must be part fish then
oh that makes sense ariel
i go running a lot really
hey there . how are you ?
oh you bake ? that is awesome . anything good ? i love doughnuts
do you cook anything else ? i love cooking , but i like eating more .
i mostly just watch the kids and the dogs .
a pug and a husky . they are so cute . i wish i could show you a picture .
they are such sweet dogs . do you have any pets ?
hi how are you today
aww do you still have to wear glasses
what do you do for a living
that is cool who all have you met
i hope you can get one . i work as a marketing consultant at a nursing home
your mom must be very talented
i market the whole home so people will move in
that is cool i hike the appalachian trail when i have free time .
who is your favorite country music artist ?
what is your favorite action movie so far this year ?
star wars always a fun movie to watch .
wow ! ! i guess you are a huge Star Wars fan .
ha ha ! ! i love dogs
that is really nice of you taking care of your dog .
i am a very sociable person and i have many friends
awesome . how is the weather in California like today ?
i can not believe that i can not go surfing today because of the shark .
what type of test ? will it be hard ?
just one , but it bit off someones leg , now watch me dream about it .
yes , i love surfing . better than having to worry about dating .
since i could walk . oh the muggers just came on the radio .
yes , it is my favorite band . what about you ?
oh , i never heard of modest mouse . what type of music is that ?
yeah , similar to rap . well i have to check on my secret investment now . night .
hello ! how are you today ?
good ! just listening to music
mainly country with some pop thrown in
i like to kayak , so i try to listen to some music that will get me going
oh wow . i have attended 16 schools in 12 years so i have moved a lot
i would have to say english
really ? my friends think i was crazy having english as my major
how are you doing today
i love outdoors too just like you
because i reside in a ranch
i love cheerleading that s what i do
my black hair is very noticeable
i hope you have the time of your life
very long and very healthy too
hi there . what are you doing ?
just had a long run with my dogs . are you tall ?
if you were taller you could kill a snake . my man is tall .
soup , but there was a hair in it . you ?
very exact of you ! the hair was reddish so i think it was my own . lol
thank you ! you are so nice . do you like dogs too ?
oh wow , i have no cats , but i do have a couple of dogs .
big brown dogs with happy tails . do you swim ?
hi , do you play tennis ?
i love tennis . i base my moves off my favorite musical hamilton .
do you like burgers ? i like them more than anything .
at my house . i eat raw hamburgers , because i like the color red .
what do you do for work ?
cool . i am an accountant . who loves to eat raw hamburgers .
do yourself a favor . watch the musical hamilton and eat a raw burger .
i can do that . i got accountant money . dollar dollar bills .
how are you doing today ?
that sounds pretty interesting . do you like animals
what happened with that situation
that is so sad . i hope he feels better .
maybe a friend will go
i am doing very well
it was great . i got some food .
yeah . i need to get slim
hello ! today is very cold here just like every other day
luck you . i happen to be a viking living up in nunavut .
that does sound like fun !
we do not have any peanuts up here . they would freeze .
sorry to hear that . i enjoy fine dining as well also pillaging !
my beard is gigantic just like his !
i agree with you there .
hi i was able to run fast not anymore do to aging
wow that is awesome i am gonna see my mother in the hospital .
cancer and have been getting extremely bad head aches
yeah it is and the medical bills will be brutal when i receive it
why is that ? do you not like it any more ?
i understand . i hate the familiarity of hospitals and doctors is too much to deal with
no kids , just been trying to make ends meet with what is going on .
good evening , how was your day ?
my day was awful . i really do not like the school i go to .
that sounds exciting ! i am only in high school .
i love dogs ! my mutt loves swimming in our lake .
i do not know what i want to do yet .
that sounds like me ! working out is key .
consider adding more protein to your diet , it will keep you full .
your dogs are lucky to have you as a parent
good afternoon . how are you ?
i just got back from playing a game of badminton .
i have never been into football unfortunately
which one do you like better ?
oh ok so i guess the rules of college vs pro is pretty much the same
i never thought about it that way .
i will take your word on that . any other hobbies ?
hi how are you doing today
i am doing good , just getting ready to go to work
i work at mc donald fast food
aw that cool , i would love to learn to translate ,
tends , but not much time for that
no i cant have any pets where i am at
how are you doing today ?
i get expressive a lot too , but i just like to fight
do you lie a lot ? i have kind of got a habit of being dishonest
well in that case , have you ever driven a racecar ?
so , you are in school right now ?
not really , but i need to find a way to fund a sky diving trip
hey ! whats up ? just eating some mac n cheese .
fine , just enjoying dinner and playing some games . you play ?
where do you cruise to ?
i am not a hippie , but i have got the hair of one , lol .
i always them with long blonde hair like mine .
mostly fighters and fps . its funny because most people know me for ballet .
i just watch , i do not dance myself , but i am a little obsessed .
hi there ! hows it going ?
oh , not that great . my heart hurts .
no no ! my girlfriend left me because i am selfish , but i am working on it !
its ok ! its all gods plan ! so how have you been ?
that is amazing ! i am not sure if i could do that
are there many evil skydivers ? i dislike evil !
true that ! my ex would probably enjoy it . god i miss her
oh yah ! trust in the lord , and he will provide ! so how was the olympics ?
hello how are you today ?
cool i just got off a band gig i play the guitar
i have a small farm in ohio dreaming to go to the city for once
i just want to see the lights my 3 older brother live there . i am the baby
that is cool cool . what else do you like ?
wow you are a dead head how cool is that !
you are a novelist that is cool as well
all you have to do is keep at it would will become good
hi ! how are you ? tell me something about yourself !
i am a lot older than that ! i am a farmer . what do you like to do ?
i like to go out hiking . i only have one arm though , so that is harder .
oh , i am sorry . do you have any siblings ? i have three . i am the youngest .
yes , i am . my wife helps a lot on the farm since my car accident .
thank you . do you have any other hobbies ? any pets ?
i liked school , too . i do not have pets , but i have animals on the farm .
you must be good at it ! do you like any other sports ?
hi ! just got finished eating my favorite pizza . how are you ?
fine ! since living in the us i have seen so much damage from the hurricanes . terrible .
that is good . do you have boys and girls ?
no , I have transitioned from male to female when I was 17 so I hope to adopt.
yes, I think so . I am still young enough; I am only 20.
yes, we both are for sure the sky is a beautiful blue today my favorite color.
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . i am so glad fall is upon us !
oh no ! that is not good . is it in the shop now ?
wow , that is impressive . i do not like exercising , but i do eat healthy !
i am always making something different . i am vegan . cauliflower nachos ? awesome !
sounds delicious ! are you a big rugby fan ?
i am not very interested in sports .
i love the cool weather and the leaves changing colors .
hello how are you
its a very nice place you will be fine , hope you get nice friends
no , my other friends are their . you can take your pet with you .
its like my friend , my sis , my bro everything .
i like cooking , love to eat , and painting .
my height is not tall enough , sometimes i worried a lot .
greetings from new york ! how are you today ?
i am well thanks . lacing up to go walk some dogs !
i am too scared to travel out of the united states , let alone the moon !
i like ice cream . it keeps me company when i am sad .
i walk dogs for a living , saving up to meet my best friend . she lives in japan
posters are cool . i dream of traveling outside the US , once my fear is beat .
magic shows cheer me up when i am sad . so does ice cream .
hi , do you want to be my friend ?
we could play board games together .
i like computer games too .
great . i live with my parents but they will be okay with you coming over .
that works . do you fly often ?
no . i want some though . maybe a fat hamster .
maybe a horse . i could ride him to the game store .
6 years married now, uggggh
i have spent time in asia, i went to 3 countries there. ps asia is not a country
i have been to europe too, seven countries in total, beat that! !
i work at a brewery, i am the financial analyst hic
babies, give them beer! in my life i have had 35 types, have you had 35 babies?
wow, 6 years of marriage, that is not for everyone, aright?
hi how are you doing
butter coffee sounds pretty interesting
that is cook do you like the outdoors
i love to camp and do outdoor activities
that makes sense have you always lived in the city ?
i am originally from london i kind of miss it
hello . how are you this evening ?
tired . finished a double at the coffee house and i still have to study for an exam
running errands ? or work related ?
dancing ? i love dancing ! singing too !
do you enjoy dancing with the stars ?
mine too ! i have tried mimicking some of the moves , but i am not very good .
too experienced for me . i have 2 left feet .
i wish i could dance . then i could reenact my favorite broadway musicals .
wuss poppin b ? whats your deal ?
not really , but i have to do it anyway cuz i am a student
what are you studying my guy ?
nice ! i do not work , i volunteer at a dog shelter
i do not think so , not allowed in my dorms . i am a student
haha yeah i am lucky . are you usually late or early ?
ahhh that is too bad . i am usually early . you gotta be
hello good morning how are you
i love to shop read and sleep
me too my family is doctors
that is awesome i am in theater
no i am neither and in love
i also go to med school
our lady of the lake hospital
it makes me very happy to be able to
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i am , thanks ! just got home from work . do you work ?
i work for a power company . what do you study ?
i love tacos ! what is your favorite food ?
i understand that . do you change moods often ? i read about that
so you are vegetarian ? i am from los angeles so there are lots of vegetarian restaurants
do you have any pets ? i have a cat
that sounds great . do you have any hobbies ?
hello how are you today ?
bit jet lagged myself just got back from london .
was on a ministry retreat . vegetarian here . went to umass too .
what is your favorite band ? english and education .
philosophy is incredible . just amazing .
what is your least favorite food ?
what is the meaning of life ? green beans yuck .
me too right ? think it is just to live with love moment to moment .
hi there , how are you today ?
awesome . i am just here chilling with my cat eating tacos
yes ! you like folk metal ? love it
oh i see . sometimes they play jazz music in the movies i watch on sunday evenings
i dreamed i broke it once and was talking about it in my sleep
so what else do you like ?
you sound fun ! maybe you should come watch a movie with me on sunday night
okay , you will have to come over another night for tacos then
i do not work because i won the lottery . what do you do ?
i love animals and plants .
i have an ok relationship with mine but not that close anymore .
mine is jealous of my winnings .
i could not stand that .
that would be difficult to deal with .
not anymore . i used to be poor , though .
yes . i was at the end of my rope when i won .
when it's dark outside, I love walking at night. hello
can we dance to the tune of my favorite band Dream Theater?
I also love dancing while reading my books; it makes me feel alive
no, not yet, but I love to while eating my pizza.
yes, I love Hawaiian pizza, also like me just being myself like pizza.
none, I just love being myself; that is why I do not have any hobbies
yes, some say I am young, dumb, and broke like a high school kid.
why being a high school kid is fun, right?
hello how are you today ?
that does not sound any fun . where are you from , i am from baton rough
i work as a classically trained chef for a living .
as a chef i loved to eat too . my main health problem is i suffer from baldness .
funny you mention your dad . my mom never loved me .
living with male patterned baldness is hard .
hello how old are you ?
i am good i just turned 18
any famous pizza shop ? i am looking for work
oh they have good pizza and the chicken alfredo is pretty good
mexican mole , just wanted to share that i bought a car today
are you still in school ?
i am majoring in business
making paint , i have a scholarship to florida state
hi there how are you doing today ?
doing pretty well trying to stay cool , what do you do for a job ?
those are the best my job involves graphic design
i wish i would love to work with dreamworks one day that is the dream
i draw the cartoons and hope to submit my work there
if only I could meet the creators of South Park and The Flintstones, someday i will be famous , some day !
seriously though , not having to stress about financials sounds great
hi there , nice to meet you !
great ! how are you ? do you have any cool hobbies ?
cool ! i am boring , just like watching tv and sitting on the couch all day .
i usually just listen to whatever is playing on the radio .
yes . what do you do for a living ? i make cars !
it is good that you are following your dream while young !
good ! i have to go in a bit for dinner . mac and cheese , my favorite !
that sounds delicious ! thanks for talking with me .
hello how are you ? i am eating pizza i love this stuff
wow that is healthy . i eat healthy being a football player an all
i was into music then i started mystery books
i love strings to you play the harp ?
i have to get a passport because i am a citizen of america
i will go to spain one day
we can go together and study music
hello how are you ? i am fine myself but its too hot here !
in florida but i love cold winter , i wish i lived in iceland ! you ?
oh nice ! my favorite musician is a banjo player from there . . i love weird music haha
currently practicing my cursive writing ! what about you ?
oh i hope you find him soon ! i am waiting for something interesting to happen myself
gila is the name of my favorite electro country musician hehe
i do too but my favorite plants live in cold places so i cannot grow them here
what do you paint usually ?
what do you drive bro ?
naw . i have a lifted 4x4 black with some sick chrome . double smoke stacks .
does ford even make smart cars ? gotta go ford . trucks . cars . all ford .
get a ford fiesta . i could not haul a deer in a smart car .
my dad taught me to hunt . guess what kind of truck he has .
nope , gmc because he sucks . haha .
what are you in school for ? i might become a mechanic . ford certified of course .
ya , i do not have the learning for that .
hey what is up how are you
oh do you like sports ?
wow who do you play for ?
did you know 2pac when he was alive ?
i love his music . what music do you like ?
wow me too . favorite song ?
nice mine is california love
i dropped out and now i live off my parents
hi , how is it going ?
yum , i wish i could eat pizza , blast this diet . what is your favorite food ?
funny ! i am getting back in shape for my husband . where do you work ?
i am a stay at home spouse . married life is okay but long .
8 years , you said you were single , for how long ?
fun and healthy ! i do not drive so i ride my bike too
that is cool ! what kind of restaurant do you work at ?
a cop , dangerous . how old are you ?
hello how are you today ?
i am going to school for nursing and you ?
my mother teaches sunday school
i have no brothers and sisters here at home so i walk alone
no i use to have a dog but my mom gave her away, if I could go back in time, I would have convinced my mom to let me keep my dog.
i know i was failing in high school . it was all girls and christian
no it was not and that is why mom gave away my dog
i can go and visit her but i miss her at home
hello there ! how are you ?
i am reading at the library .
you like gardening ? my mom has a garden but i never work on it .
that sounds fun ! do you work alone ? i like working alone .
that is very relaxing . i am still in the job market , feeling stressed .
nothing . i do not know how . i just shut myself up .
i have trouble trusting people . the world feels so dark sometimes .
i read self-help books trying to help myself feel better .
do you happen to need a new washer or dryer ?
great ! we are having a promotion at sears . i will get you a discount .
sure ! i will walk my tiny , size six feet , to the closest store to you !
i will hold it for you because i do not wanna ever feel like i did that day .
sorry , i drifted into my favorite song by the red hot chili peppers . you know them ?
that is awesome ! i wanted to be a roadie writer and tour with them .
i could have played back up bass ! i dig football , not basketball . who is yours ?
hi how are you today
where do you work at
do you enjoy it then
where would you move to
arizona reaches 110 degrees normally
yeah so humid it is crazy
i swim all day yeah
hi how are you today ?
does your cat like to watch ?
i bet he is happy to have chicken
do you eat meat then
what is a 386 though ?
wow that sounds cool where do your parents work
what happened to your parents ?
hi . hope you are doing good . do you like music
sorry to hear that . i love most all music . but i hate country and jazz .
that it does . i like tv too . things like forensic files and jeopardy .
i love racquetball . gives me a good workout .
i am basically a gym rat . but i try to read often too .
how about favorite foods ? got any ?
interesting ! ! i am currently dabbling with italian . not like pizza and stuff though .
hey there , hows it going
i am pretty good , just super tired , long night
i started working night shifts again , so it was a long night
even like groceries and stuff ?
that is crazy , the only thing i order is like pizza . delivery is expensive for everything
i live in texas , you ?
i moved here from utah a little after i was born , so i do love cold
well , i have an affinity for blue , so i collect weird blue items
hello my friend . how are you ?
i am alright . kind of tough for me to socialize .
i just dislike disappointing my loved ones in public
i do . i try to do a little bit of everything around the house
interesting . do you like candy ? i have a bad sweet tooth
steak . i am a meat and potatoes kind of man haha
tell me more about yourself . do you have any hobbies ?
hey my friend how are you today ?
singing is fun . should get you some fries . mcdonalds is good .
need to wake up got to go buy some cup cakes .
breakfast amazing just getting use to this new land and new journey in usa
city life is hard being from japan canda i miss
well wish you find the one and oh my we should go shopping for clothes
doing a event for my students at school maybe find a date there
12 and maybe the other teachers you might like
what are you doing this morning ?
i am getting ready to go out to the movies
i am a huge fan of super hero films . what about you ?
i am an adult but i still like to pretend that i am a superhero
i live with my brother . he loves those type of movies too
no , not really . what about you ?
oh that must be nice . do you like it ?
hi how are you ? my class of 26 is very active today .
definitely teaching ! love the kids at the kindergarten . its at a large school
yes , i am . graduated recently in 2016 . how do you like it ?
yes , the kiddos are great ! do you have hobbies ?
that is great ! i hope you do !
me no kids . i hardly do anything outside of the classroom . . . i know , boring . . .
you are right ! thanks for chatting with me ! and good luck !
thank you so very much !
good afternoon . how are you today ?
i am sasha and i live in the city far from where i grew up
that is awesome . my family actually owns a farm .
burritos are great but there is nothing like a steak
i do as well when i am not working in computer repair
well i spend most of my time working unfortunately
i love to travel when i get the chance
well ireland was a favorite . i blended in well with my red hair
i am a vocal singer in such of a companion in the same field .
do you have or know any one who can do that ?
so , do you dance in a group or you can do individual performance as well ?
that is good because i will need you in a short time to come
can you join me and i sing normally on wedding partys .
yes i have a brown cat and a white dog .
i play basket ball in the evening with my friends who are college boys .
hi , i met a real-life vampire , so i think
i guess . . my mom reads palms for a living and she knows her stuff
i wish i was happy but i spend all my cash at the casino
reading ? ? ? no . . . taking a nice walk , yes lol
i like opera music and r b
s o do you work ?
oh wow ! ! i work with my friends at a hospital
the hospital is not very pleasant
how are you doing today ?
oh nice ! i am bad at tennis haha i like to cook and paint though
it can be . i am actually going to school for painting
haha many people in my program are jerks . are you a student ?
i love art like painting and photography . almost as much as i love cookies
do you ever get an ice cream sandwich cookie ? i love ice cream too
sometimes you have to treat yourself
so what else do you like besides going to the mall ? haha
hi just got back from a swim how are you
i work at a local grocer part time
yeah i love to sew old clothes together
i bake for the elderly on my day off
no sadly i do not but i have a lavish garden
yeah cant wait to see foreigner with jackie chan
well it nice to see jackie doing something different
yeah and this adds more dramatic
hey , how are you this afternoon ?
finally got a day off from the hospital
geez , with the kids , there is hardly any free time
i am a huge rolling stones fan . yourself ?
interesting . what about food ? i love mexican food !
i agree . one of the kids is venturing into veganism . you have any ?
one is doing the vegan , green earth thing . the other one is a jock
hey . sorry it took me so long to respond . how are you ?
i am well . just hanging out watching netflix . what are you doing ? do you read ?
cool ! i enjoy hunting but i do not kill animals just kind of sneak up on them haha
i donate time at a local shelter . i love animals ! i am petting my dog right now .
i just ate some ramen . i wish i had a cheese burger . a triple cheeseburger
i know what i am having for lunch tomorrow .
i follow macroeconomics and finance closely . i trade currencies .
hi how are you doing
i am good taking care of my grandparents
yeah i had to drop out of school but its worth it
i plan on it once they are feeling better
no i wish do you ?
that is cute do you have any siblings
that is such a great idea i should do that with my siblings
hey how are you ? i love eating hard boiled eggs
i hope they are all safe
drawing always makes me happy , i hope they can find happiness
drink some tea while drawing , it helps you relax
that sucks . eggs would make it smell bad
i am driven when it comes to mountain biking
hello , how are you today ?
that sounds great . i just got back from active duty
i listen to country , what about you ?
i have a chevy too , it was my dads before he went into the military
i like any kind of meat , i could eat meat all day , you ?
i was a changed man the day i had my first fillet
i live in virginia , close to dc . what about you ?
hey there how are you ? enjoy life my parents dead
they did , that is why i will not ride a bus .
they got hit by 1 , like music ?
i like any kind that is smooth i listen to it for at least 5 hours
yes i do not watch tv tho
no nope no sports , i would watch you tho
keep trying i am off 3 days a week i can help you
no i am not but i can lend a hand with the ball
care to chat with a hamburger lover ? its my fav food .
cool . do you like movies ? i like comedies .
wow . sports ? i am a dancer ballet .
maybe some day . i work all the time rehearsing for my work a show .
its my life story sort of . my mom and dad died in a car wreck .
thank you . it never gets easier .
thank you . i am also caring for my 14 siblings , ages 2 12 .
how are you doing ? i just got done reading a harry potter book
how old is he ? i just turned ten years old
no i am an only child but have a friend named abigail
my mom has me enrolled in a martial arts class after school
i really do like it already had several classes
my mom is a nurse too !
yes she works in labor and delivery
so any exciting plans for the evening ?
do you enjoy reading often ?
does your mom do the shopping , i always get stuck doing it
the upside is that i get to buy as much bacon as i want
i like the color green too , i should eat more green food though
yeah , what is your favorite treat to bake ?
hope you do not have to make your own cake , happy birthday !
hello ! what are you up to ?
suppers are fantastic ! just resting after a long day of hiking
i am in northern texas so i have avoided both of them thankfully . i love the outdoors though .
thank goodness . my new gf is from houston . her whole family was affected
there is a good biking trail down there i have been on . i hope irma is not as bad
hopefully it still is by the time it reaches land
definitely . do you have any hobbies ?
hi ! i am 25 and an athlete . who are you ?
wow , three kids ! i have not thought of kids yet .
that is nice . my sweetheart married someone else .
i am okay now . i turned to sports to get over it .
i run , very fast . i can do marathons , too .
i gave up soda . i want to stay healthy .
yes , i can do many things . maybe basketball even .
hi am sam and i have long hair for a guy
i have no girls , and i want to live in a fantasy world
my friends are not always around .
i want to be in a place where it's about me for once .
because my parents are selfish people . even though i do well in school it's about them
even though i draw in class instead of taking notes i still get straight A's
they want me to live vicariously through me . . . i hate it when they do that .
they do , and it is my responsibility to make them happy when they take things .
i have had money taken from me and it made me mad , because i owed them .
well that is what they said because they raised me, why have me then ?
your telling me . i am sorry i will go , thanks for talking with me .
well i think its more like just do not know what to say . . about it
i have and they do not listen . they prefer to just pretend like it's not happening
i do not think so either . i am sorry for venting like this it makes me mad .
thank you so much for listening .
hi how are you today ?
i am alright . do you like gum ?
do you like dr . pepper ?
i like them but not together obviously
i am a bouncer in my spare time
are you a pro player ?
that sounds fun . where do you work ?
hello . unfortunately , i am a man that is deaf .
good . for fun i scratch my nose and 7 is the best number .
i never , sadly , learned the ways of driving .
i do not know , scratching your nose is fun . try it .
i am sorry it caused you pain . do you like los angeles ?
if i knew how to drive , i would visit .
i was just born this way .
just because you are deaf does not mean you cannot type lol
hello , how are you today ? i am just watching tv .
do you live with anyone else ? i am alone and lonely today .
very nice . what do you do for fun ?
i love cheeseburgers whats your favorite food ?
i like to go fishing and make my own fine dinners .
what do you do for a living ?
do you enjoy finance as a profession ?
hello , how are you ?
that sounds fun , i am guessing your dogs are really energetic
yeah , i went to six flags , lol , yes , i am a big kid
oh my god , i cannot believe you seen my husband
of course we can share , i meant to say , he is all yours lol
okay , you go girl lol
how are you doing tonight ?
do you have any pets ?
yes i have a bunch of cats
penny , roscoe , sunshine , and princess
thank you so much i will
i do not have one i love them all the same
i have had dogs before
i have had them in the past when i was younger
i like honest people who say it how it is ! so be real , is baldness attractive ?
thanks for validating me . . . i really needed that .
yeah , i will be honest now . i have some mommy issues as they say .
i am trying to work on it but i cannot make someone love me , even if i tried .
i call him parrot . he is a parrot and i taught him to say , i love you
i guess they cannot love each other . . . just like how my mom does not love me
my dad left the family . . . but i appreciate the thought !
i love pink color folks , that is why my hair is pink
my parents spoiled me , because i am the youngest of a big family
my parents always protected me from bees , it cause allergies for me
good to know i have god too . i love god .
never heard of the rapper , i live in the upper states .
i only believe in the bible god , i am from michigan grand rapids area, but i wish I could visit Michigan and explore the beautiful lakes there.
not really , what show is that ? please tell me more .
what state do you live ? are there bees there ?
hello ! how has your day been ?
i love the stones ! sometimes i listen to them when i am on hikes .
are there some good trails by your house ?
aw , that is so sweet ! how old are your boys ?
cool names . i do not have kids yet .
what kind of work do you do ? i am a bank teller .
hi , how are you today
i am doing ok i am sorry you're stressed out
congrats weddings are exciting
just playing video games and grading tests i am a teacher in NYC
my favorite game right now is destiny 2 which console do you have
i am a science teacher i have the one
i love that game too . do you have a favorite movie
mine is magic mike
you should check it out . i have to go now and make dinner nice talking to you
hello . care for a chat ?
oh no . should i be worried ? or is this a joke ?
oh nice ! i just watch flintstones still not scientist here .
oh nice ! my friends and me enjoy cartoons . they like south park and such .
i think these jokes are going to far and i do not like it .
i just prefer simpler times than we are having now .
oh ! it would have been better to be a simple joke for others to understand .
oh goodness ! i have not heard them in years .
hi , how are you today ?
i am pleasantly well today
in my retirement , a lake house sounds nice
mostly i go to the gym and bars to hang out
how many do you have ?
lol i bet that brings a lot of fun times
i totally agree , that is why i eat healthy and exercise more
a n y interesting hobbies ?
how are you ? i do the coolest stuff and i share on instagram .
i run when i play soccer . i am on a soccer scholarship now .
what do you eat before a run ? i love junk food .
i totally believe you . i love working out .
that was a lot of running . you play any sports ?
you play lettuce ? i have never heard of that sport . is it on instagram ?
dancing is cool . i dance when i work out sometimes .
what is brand new ? your dance ?
hi . i just got off of work at a doctors office . where do you work ?
me too . i want to be a dental hygienist . wish saliva was not involved . lol .
tell me about it . what are you studying to do ?
sounds interesting . i am quirky . you probably think my tattoos are pathological .
thorns on my toes and a right ankle rose tattoo .
pizza is yummy ! nothing much . between tattoos and silver jewelry , i am pretty .
not so much . how about you ?
hey ! how are you
find anything good ? i am great , practicing a song on the guitar
my father had a heart attack , so he might benefit from going vegetarian
haha oh man ! that'll be hard to give up . my gf loves it too !
lol yeah , she is a keeper ! you should try cauliflower pizza !
i have , its pretty good and i am a huge pizza fan
lol at least youre trying , that'll be good enough lol
hi , how are you tonight i hope well
wow i cant eat it but that is exciting !
it gives me bad gas haha but i love to cook !
well i am a runner usually after a run i feel much better
yes i have ran in many but usually i just love running with my 2 dogs
adoption is the best option ! i love reading get some dog training books it will help
that is great ! what do you play ?
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing okay . just got back from getting my fifth tattoo
cool . i have 5 in total , all of cats
well , now i have six , i guess
ya , that is cool . my mom actually is a ballet dancer
i used to live in baltimore
hi there ! who your favorite actor ?
well , that could be michael keaton , christian bale , even ben affect . which one ?
okay . . . . i once wrote a book about mine , malcolm macdowell . he is a weird dude .
i prefer karma . whatever is out there is gonna happen .
once . too hard to understand . do you have any pets ?
i have five dogs , all were shelter animals . 8th grade ! they are kinda like animals , too .
we had to read for 30 mins a day in 8th grade . do you do that ?
i love women political leaders , because i am a feminist
today women need to change , that is why i am very active in politics
you should read more novels by women like me
do you have a home life like me ?
i like to see changes in people lives and also in society
7 years is a long time , i am not very satisfy with my job .
being a legal assistant is so bore
i work in a law firm , and do mostly real estate .
hello there , how are you doing today ?
so early ? and i am doing fantastic ! just got off of work .
oh that is cool . where do you live ?
i live in california , too ! i could not live without the waves .
yes every second i can . my dad was in the military so i learned when in australia .
no i have not . maybe that could be your first film !
i do not know if i am that interesting . married young , nurse who surfs .
i watch more television . like cooking shows .
can i share some good news with you ?
i have been working 3 jobs to buy a ring . she said yes ! ! !
no we are still negotiating if i can still have my daily does of south park
well she thinks my dream job is silly
i want to announce at baseball games . one of my jobs is at pet smart
i love to play with all the animals , but really want the baseball gig
my fianc finally agreed to a dog . we have been together 3 years .
hello , how are you doing today
that is cool . i do not have any kids . i am only 19
that is cool . you will be still young when she is grown .
yeah , where did you move to ?
lol , actually live right by miley cyrus . xd
no , not really . i see her around sometimes . but she is not real friendly .
eh , i am sure she has a ton of weirdos bothering her a lot
yeah . so what do you do for a living ?
hi i am steve how are you today
i am meal prepping for the week
cafeteria food ewww you never know what they have in that i am a health nut
oh wow japan is great i took a trip there on a workout tour
i also love to play soccer
i took a lot of great pics there and posted them all on Instagram
how about we eat some kale and play a game
i hope i can play for the us team one day
hey . reading this great book anyways how was your day ?
hope you get it . just work selling food . what you want to be ?
that nice of you . i ready to wake up bring blue cupcakes to work .
well congrats on the family
no i like blue and my hair brown i changing it
well hope you get the help you need
get you a new book and just relax
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh no ! you should drink some claritin !
i am doing good . just cooking up some pork . i should really start eating more veggies
i love meat ! and i get lazy to cook the veggies
ll same ! but i am the only one ho does the shopping so i cannot be too lazy
how do you like that job ?
no i do not work at the moment
hi , wassup ? have you ever bet on sports ?
i am good . do you follow sports at all ?
yes . i run a sports betting newsletter . help gamblers make money .
no bets tonight . now i am doing research for the weekend games .
cool . some of my clients make good money with their wagering .
perhaps . wagering is not for everybody . do you have a hobby ?
books are cool . what kind of books do you like ?
have you read any game of thrones books ?
hi ! do you have a job ?
i m in school studying to be a lawyer but i bartend on weekends
i m a huge single malt scotch fan . what do you do for fun ?
aw , cats are awesome ! i love listening to music , especially jazz and blues music
do you have any other pets ? i want pets but my house is too small
yeah , five definitely sounds like a handful ! do you enjoy where you live ?
it s alright . once i have more money though i d like to move somewhere nicer
good afternoon , how are you ?
i do when i have time . i build robots for people who compete .
same here . i stay up late night . you ?
i crash around 230 to 300 . i do not have much of a social life .
i wish lunch would get here . we ordered chinese food .
i know . its been an hour ! we are starving ! lol
a bus card ? what is that ?
do not talk to me nerd , i am too stylish
hey you are bullying me and stressing me out . i am going to go overeat
what helps you out when you are stressed ?
what helps you out when you are stressed ?
do not really have a lot of time for music i am a teacher for kindergarteners
which explains the overeating . . . but i do really like the kids though
on occasion ! what about yourself ?
hello , what kinds of things do you like to do ?
i enjoy business and politics . i would like to start my own business .
that is interesting . what do you study in college ?
oh definitely . what kind of car do you drive ? i just got a chevrolet .
that sounds like good exercise . what do you do in your free time ?
nice ! i also like to hang with my friends and family .
that is exciting . do you guys share similar viewpoints ?
gotta love cute girls . i like them less if they do not share my political viewpoints , though .
i am a super hero who runs super long distances very fast , but i need sugar to
no i am real super hero , my weakness is that i have an unhealthy diet though
i protect all citys , i run fast ! drinking a lot of sugary caffeine drinks
i use my cheap car my dad bought me to deliver food as my alter ego
no time for much else since i save the world on a daily bases
i like the t . v . show the flash i kind of try to act like him
save people from disasters . i just saved like 9 people right now oh wait 10
not really but nice try . . . .
hey there how are you ?
i am good . getting a jump on the week or trying to
haha its nothing thrilling . redoing my budget . unexpected car repair
that is very true and with the weather moving in i do not want to be stranded .
i enjoy songs like that . what other sort of things are you into ?
i cannot knit or crochet . i am more into sports mostly rugby
other than the bruises it really does .
hi ! how are you today ? i am quite well .
i am about to take a nice long walk to the supermarket .
i do not work since i never take a bus and could not walk that far
i spend a lot of time listening to music . it brings me joy
no but i find joy in listening to them ! as did my late parents
that is cool . walking can bring great joy right ?
i walk around the graves of my parents . it brings me joy
i might be . superheroes never reveal their true identity
hey my names mark , my dog is my best friend !
wow that is interesting , do you bring them in the shower with you ?
i enjoy apples too , i was just wondering cause i usually sing in there .
i also do not eat meat , my dog is my best friend so i would feel bad .
i love oranges , it is nice talking to you , i am usually shy .
have you ever drank alcohol ?
me either , i do not understand the appeal i think it is gross .
d . c is crazy polarized these days .
you would win .
nationals baby ! love the game .
i work for gov cannot say which agency
cool ! you on kick starter or something ?
careful , i understand there are some real legal pitfall with those crowd sourcing sights
hi , i am arnold . i am in 5th grade
yay that exciting ! ! ! i remember first grade like it was yesterday lol
yes with my parents . they take me for sandwiches after
you must be very good ?
ll that is a great start
do you have a boy or girl
that is close to my name
its arnold . does harold like oj, or is he more into apple juice?
what are your plans for this evening ?
maybe watch some anime and play with my new laptop .
going to put flowers on my grandparents grave . you ?
demanding indeed , any weekend plans ?
hopefully a little gardening and a lot of chocolate eating
that is nice too , no long commute . any dinner plans ?
leftovers , i am canadian and thanksgiving was yesterday
hey how are you
aww why did not you play
oh that is too bad . I work at a gas station
what do you do for fun
that is cool . my boyfriend and I take tango lessons together
what kind of songs do you like
oh ok . we are going to Europe soon I am so excited
no we are going to Italy
olga here . traveller , russian and skier . you ?
yeah . you like rock and roll ? i do .
great . me too since i have an mba .
i hear you . my home russia is beautiful this time of year .
yes . i love to ski . do you ?
still there ? good . my mba is from northwestern . you like travelling ? i do ?
i lover russian rock and roll . you ?
mix rock and roll travelling and russia whenever i can . you sing or dance ?
hello how is your day ?
are you enjoying the weather ?
i am good thanks , just listening to some blues , i love the blues !
what kind of hobbies do you like ?
i love music . especially prince , i am also bi lingual i speak english and spanish
that is wonderful ! i am a mix of puerto rican and chinese ! and you ?
hello there how are you today
that is awesome . i love working with children . i teach kindergarten .
it absolutely is . chaotic , at times , but i would not trade it
i grew up in the south but currently in seattle . how about you ?
chicago is pretty hot right now . several friends have relocated there
i do organization on the side
how are you ? what are your hobbies ?
i plan to travel with my husband when he retires next year .
i have not traveled out of the country yet .
i like taking walks . ireland sounds like a good place for a walk
but for now i just have visits from my former students .
what are you studying ? where do you go ?
i have a degree in psychology . i am currently a special ed teacher .
i really enjoy it and love my students !
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing great , what have you done today
i love to take walks too ! did you buy a pet ?
oh you work there . that is awesome
wow , what is your favorite animal ?
i like dogs , but i plan to travel so it would not work out
but they are too crazy when traveling
i hope you were not affected by the recent hurricanes !
yes , but they are okay . makes me think twice about wanting to live at the beach
yes , i grew up with them , but not like this . they seem more extreme now
that is what i feel like is great about fl ! you can have it all !
have you ever been on an airboat ? so fun ! what do you hunt ?
nice ! i would love to have a dog or a monkey ! that is my favorite animal !
what do you do ? my job is so boring . . . and i go to school
i realized today that i happen to be homosexual .
i was brewing my beer in the basement and saw the mailman out the window .
sure , you near portland ? lol
i also like making my own coffee as well .
i think you should marry her
well . uh , , will you marry me ?
its award winning , the best
going on tinder dates a lot
hello ! how are you today ?
writing anything interesting ? my computer never works quickly enough to write .
it sure can be ! i wish i could make it faster .
very lucky . unfortunately , my glasses are dirty often so i have trouble reading paper .
very difficult ! ! are yours ?
my glasses are only clean in the rain . i love to stand outside in rain !
that is pretty cool what movie
hello there how are you today
i am okay . just got off work . i going to be taking a nap soon
i am a manager at mcdonalds
lol sometimes . but i got tired of it since i see it everyday
yes i love to sleep lol but i also like writing . like short stories
sweet . i like listening to music . i listen to it on youtube
i like r b and sometimes a little pop . also spanish music
good morning , how are you ?
i am okay . just finished dying my hair purple .
my dad is the dean of my school , so i do not care , lol .
that sounds fun ! i had to drive 100 miles to track down the tale of genii
oh no , that is horrible . the people i pet sit for were in florida this weekend .
at least you are safe , that is all that matters .
hi there . . . wanna chat ?
a cooking show ? nice . i am into bicycling .
i have never been a good cook . i work in a factory , not real creative .
good luck . i like to listen to jazz music to calm my nerves . might help .
that is the spirit . i am a positive person usually , despite loving seattle so much . kinda depressing .
ahahah . good advice ! where is your ideal place to live ?
then you should move to china . . . . lots of butts !
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
i love reading too . . wars ur favorite ? ?
1984 is one of my best choices
are you in college now ?
i am in my graduate year
robotics is my favorite subject
sounds interesting . . where are you from now ?
who r u and wat is this
i do not know what that is
i like outside but i need meat
i live outside and know noone .
i live in house in trees far away
i do not know location , i never see another person . i do not know family
i hunt for it . i use spear
what is this thing store ?
howdy partner ! how are you today ?
really ? what do you do ?
i work on the ranch here in texas .
yeah , except for the recent events . the ranch has a new pond !
were you effected by it ?
yikes ! glad to you are okay !
hello how are you ? let us chat .
yes but too busy . used to read a lot more in college .
finance . i am working at a bank now .
great that you like to eat the same thing . i do not have pets , apartment too small .
i might consider it . sounds cool
i like hiking in the woods . i grew up in the countryside .
yes i miss the countryside since now i am in the city .
not so bad with my apartment though . but i need to be close to work .
hello . how is your evening going ?
very pleasant . i am doing a little sewing .
i love baking ! it is my downfall with the weight also .
no i do not like to run . i need to do something to loose weight .
do you sew for your kids ? that is how i got interested in sewing .
my kids are grown , now i sew beds and toys for my cat .
yes i a facebook page to sell my cat toys .
hello ! how is your day ? i just got back from surfing during low tide
yes ! i should try the desert . i want to taste a grasshopper . where do you live ?
i do not go to college , do you ? i live in florida , just moved ere .
brown . the same eye color that jason mraz has . i am obsessed
i shop near the beach during high tide and surf during low tide . you ?
any jason mraz shirts ? what do you do for work in iran ?
that sounds good . have you ever deep fried a grasshopper ?
i would really like to try that one day
hi i love the car bentley
that is awesome i listen to a lot of classical musics
that is awesome ! i also go to the opera
i am about 6 feet tall and i enjoy vacationing in paris
wow where are you from then ?
well i am from germany and it is awesome come visit one day
me too it is so much fun to do .
i am having udon noodles right now while chatting with you .
hi , how is it going i am just coming from my office job
what time do you work ? i usually work from 9 to 5
oh that is great ! i need to go there today to get items for my italian dinner
sure ! i love anything italian , i had it during my vacation in italy
oh wow ! have you ever been to new york city ?
yes , they do , i love living in the big city
you should that would be fun !
awesome , on my spare time i like to do yoga
hello , do you like reading ?
students come to the library where i work . i peer at them through cat eye glasses !
are there a lot of green eyed librarians there like me ?
oh no . no dancing in the library . for shame .
my purse with a skunk picture looks good with my olive skin . do you carry a purse ?
i am not really a librarian . i want to be . i would be good at it .
i tell the students to shush .
no , they do not . and the real librarians do not .
i ate the best breakfast this morning !
it was but i only put in cream . not a fan of sugar
it was mine too . i have been doing my best to eat better tho
for sport i have played hockey
that is so cool that you have a twin !
you guys should both rollerblade too !
its my only way of transportation lol
hi there how is your night ?
wow that will be a change i am sure . i love my black hair .
most parents do not . what hobbies do you like ?
i like to climb , run with my dog and my passion is writing .
sci-fi novels mostly . i do some fantasy too . what is his name ?
when i am done with it sure . it is about a gluten-free character like me .
you can make them it is just hard to get them right . lol
i mix up I have read so many . seems to be a popular trend .
hi , how are you today ?
i just finished cooking dinner . i love to cook .
where are you from ? i was born in austin , texas .
cooking , and posting pictures of the food i eat on facebook .
do you cook the fish you catch ?
yeah , that does not sound like fun .
i really enjoy trying new recipes .
my favorites are probably pastas and chicken .
hello , how are you today ?
i am good thank you , i work in the er . you ?
my fiance is a detective , we are in Florida . do you read ?
we have a Springer Spaniel and a cat .
sorry , no . we are going to Vegas in the morning .
that does sound good . we are having pasta with scallops tonight .
what else are you having ?
hey , lets get to know each other
cool , i am a professional hair stylist , i have 4 different pets
do you like water guns or bubble guns , i love both
do you drink a lot of water or juice ?
is that a soda preferably drunken by affluent human beings
you sound like the grinch , are you stealing christmas this year ?
i respect that everyone has their own belief .
i just ate some jello for desert .
hello . how are you doing today ?
cool . what is zumba ? like crossfit or yoga ? a mix between the two ?
that sounds like something i need to do . i am a little out of shape .
i love astronomy . cant get enough of the heavenly bodies .
i like rocks . i took classes in geology when i was in college . do you work ?
i recently quit my job . my boss was a jerk !
i am trying to cut out the middle man and cater directly to my clients .
right ? do you play games ? i love games .
hey . . . i am super nervous i am in a tall building .
yes , heights and getting into another relationship with a cheater . . .
i feel like if i had a twin they would understand me .
what do you love about her ?
nice , i like to think i am funny too .
are you not happy ? if it helps , i can arm fart yankee doodle .
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing great . i got to play soccer today .
i play with my little sister .
i am sorry to hear that . do you like math ?
it is my favorite subject as well . do you have pets ?
i have a dog . he is a goldie called woof .
is winter your favorite season ?
do you like popcorn, i do not at all
i love nachos while watching a movie
my job is at a movie theater , where do you work ?
my boyfriend is studying acting and is currently in school
i love doing clips on my camcorder
which i got from my mom and dad
i hate lifting weights , kills my body
that is very sad to hear ! ! ! ! but strong is good ! ! !
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , just took my dogs out , quite a chore with 4 big dogs
i bet ! no kids for me yet thought , i could not handle that
same ! i totally think that independence is the way to go
gotta fix your own problems before tackling anothers ?
i do , especially those freaky wikipedia pages
i also love dan brown
i interned in a doctor's office one summer , thought it was boring too
hey , how old are you ?
i am 32 , turning 33 pretty soon .
i am in between things right now , not really looking much .
yeah i spend my time playing video games mostly .
i still live at home so i do not have the money for any vacations .
i like to watch tv and eat take out . how about you ?
that is neat , it was nice to meet you !
hello how are you today ?
try caffeine , i drink it all day
alcohol mostly , sometimes i add ice
i make hot dogs for a living .
yeah we do not have a healthy diet
i like running , do you ?
that sound like a lot of work .
i have a lot of energy
hey ! how are you today ? i have been shaking my groove thing .
i just got out of school , and i have been dancing since i got out .
i love dancing to disney songs . i especially love ariel from the little mermaid .
ariel is just the best ! have you won any swimming awards ?
that is amazing ! i hope to make the high school dance team this year !
www thank you ! that means a lot from an accomplished swimmer !
do you like or have dogs ?
me too . i love dogs , am i am writing a ebook about them
no i love dogs during my recent divorce i kept our dog
i hope my animal ebook sells so i can get a corvette
i will get one when i retire
theater sounds like it would be fun
divorce is hard my kids are upset about it
good luck on that . no more marriage i will adopt a beagle instead .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am looking for some piano music to play at my sisters wedding next month .
yes , i play the piano and sing in a local club .
it will get better if you stay in college .
what do you want to study ?
i became vegetarian about 10 years ago . i have felt a lot better .
hey there , how are you ?
not bad . a little tired . between school and the kids , i stay busy
cool . what instruments do you play ?
neat . i am not musical but am a pretty good blackjack dealer lol
nice . i would like to be a casino manager , that is what i am in school for
does he support your music career ?
that is good . not sure what my kids will do but i will support anything
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . getting ready for work , how about you ?
nice ! i am an inch shy of being 7ft , gym equipment is not made for me .
i do not really have that much time , as i work a lot so i can retire .
i do not have time for one , i lead a very busy life .
my father lives in hawaii , i am looking to relocate there .
after i retire , hopefully in eight years or so .
hello ! man , i cannot wait for winter . this heat is exhausting .
i wish i could . i work for the national guard , so we are outside alot .
i imagine it is ! i was going to grab some fast food on the way home .
i snow ski . i need to stop eating out so much to get in shape .
it is . i would walk more , if it were not so hot .
that sounds fun . we have a net up on base .
that is terrifying ! did you talk to public affairs about that ?
i am pam and i enjoy wearing dark color clothes
wow , congrats . i have two part time jobs as a cashier
i do like a lot of none gmo types of food
haha same here . i also like red hot chili peppers
band . lol i know it can be confusing
i have no siblings and i live in an apartment
no , not near me my family is in vermont i am here in virginia .
yeah well there is always facetime lol
hi i am troy i weld for a living
that is amazing do you like computer games ? i play warcraft
that is a good one are you a vegan ? i prefer meat hamburger is amazing
oh that is alot of work are you prepared for it ?
they are retired pretty old fashioned
oh that is pretty cool they seem reliable
not much tonight was just playing warcraft earlier
oh cool i took a nap earlier was not feeling the greatest
how are you doing this evening ?
spending the night pondering life .
do you understand your feelings
i do not understand my own .
maybe , i do not think i can live up to peoples standards .
i often wonder what it would be like to be a girl .
are they all sure of who they are attracted to ?
my friend has a car because i cant walk and do not eat bread .
i hate bread that is why i do have vitamin c when i am sick
yes maybe but winter is the best time for me
it give me chills when winter is coming like in the got last season
game of thrones you have not heard of that tv series ?
yes i do like it it makes me feel old
why do you spend time there ?
i do not do anything because i can not walk
hi ! do you have tattoos ? my hip has an angel tattooed on it .
not sure yet , still looking . do you like concerts ? i love going to them !
cool . what do you play ? i like all kinds of bands . you ?
i love aerosmith ! are you vegan ? i am and i feel so healthy !
anything grown from the earth with little processing and that can rot .
i do . i also attend umass and philosophy is what i study .
yes , mostly brown like my eyes . what color are yours ?
nice . i think philosophy is a very interesting way at looking at things . do you not ?
hey how how are you doing
just waiting on my girlfriend to stop by . what did you cook ?
yea me too . i was once a newspaper reporter but i retired last year
wow that is awesome . you must be really good in math .
cool , so how many kids do you have ?
no my girlfriend cannot have children but we are looking to adopt one day .
do you have any hobbies ?
wow that is really cool
good morning how are you today
i am well thank you . do you like animals , i love my dog
reptiles are not my thing . my goal is to be a teacher , what do you do ?
oh , no . keep pushing on , i listen to indie music when i get frustrated
i just have a dog named fatty , he is a pug .
he makes me upset sometimes and presses my buttons
yes . but he still pees on the carpet . i will try crate training him
hello how are you
just practicing karate i am a black belt
after 30 years i am still just a business man
nope , but my three kids love to hunt
i must go sing to my wife who has terminal cancer she loves that
well she usually does all the cooking , i am going to hate to lose her
pizza , meat loaf , mashed taters , any soul food she can cook up i eat
i like to eat with my kids now , they are great , my daughter is a gold digger
hi ! i am brian . how are you ?
nice . i wish i could hike at hogwarts ! how cool would that be ?
seriously ? that is awesome . i often draw hp in class instead of taking notes
totally griffindore ! tho i bet i would have to cut my long hair .
i bet there is a spell to turn things pink . ooh , how about a pink lizard ?
with heels ? spike heeled pink boots would be so cool !
yeah , i bet your friends would laugh . my would too . all three of them
like a tornado ? that would suck
off for a day at the beach with my nieces ! you ?
that is neat ! where are you going ? my life is a permanent vacation .
get a cat sitter ! if I lived near you , i would sit your cats . i love kitties .
too far . too bad . my mom and dad used to live in drop city .
i am too , but we are hippies , so everyone is family .
oh , yeah . i love these colors right now fuschia , lime green , electric purple .
oooo , i could not live without color . life has to be fun !
so what are your hobbies ?
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
you were not in that hurricane were you ? just sitting outside grandparents house .
good ! glad you all are safe . so whats your hobbies now ?
oh great . i like mushroom hunting like my papaw does .
i wish . although i think my grandparents enjoyed the 70s free love a lot .
i hear there stories . ever since i was little . they raised me .
i just finished walking around the park how are you
fine i m just going to get my darn my love dogs
never mind i just make wedding cakes
that s cool i love making
i love sweets anything that is sweet
have you seen one because i m never seen one
wow where did you see them can i see them soon
i didn t know that but thanks for the info
hello ! how are you today ?
doing well . just studying for a biology test
i am studying it in college . i like to read too
i read 1984 recently . a very good book . you like it ?
i am a college student so i do not work right now . you ?
i like museums . lots of good things to learn and read .
i am sorry to hear that . what happened ?
i am so sorry . what a tragedy .
hey there , how was your day ?
i love art class , its my favorite high school class !
i have watched how the publishing process on youtube , seems hard .
i work for micky ds , watch youtube , sleep . . . simple life really . . you ?
those are cool , it would be cooler if they were real . i would want one
no , lol bad hand eye coordination
hey , i am craig . thanks for chatting with me , how are you ?
yum ! what kind of salad do you have there ?
for real caesar salad is my life . . next to leather working .
yeah , mostly for skiing and skateboarding . my other passions
fall is cool . i have 30 pairs of boots i rotate through in the cooler months . .
i love to sleep in , especially with my pets . . 4 rare breeds of cats and 2 dogs !
way she goes . tell me more about yourself
hello there . how are you , ?
doing ok . i am exhausted though haha . i have way too many kids
i bet . yea i have got 3 boys and 4 girls . ahahah and i am a mother as well
i love metal ! ! do you have any pets ?
like animal testing ? does not that hurt them ? i have got 1 dog
oh ok . i always heard that it was painful for them
hello from a mexican baker .
i am good , just spending time with my 2 cats .
i watch netflix with my cats all the time .
nice , listen to iron maiden while i walk my cats .
do you guys ever bake together ?
where do you guys live ?
vegas , but i am originally from mexico
good evening . how are you tonight ?
oh , just relaxing . just watched gone with the wind . my favorite movie .
right on . normally i like playing video games but i was craving nostalgia .
i am ok at it . i could be better .
no , not really . i do have 2 small turtles tho .
don and michael . they compliment my purple hair .
no dogs . thinking of looking into one tho .
hello , how are you tonight ?
no , i spend my days taking care of my 10-year-old son .
absolutely , my twin , jessica has triplets who are six months . they are cute .
no , i rarely go anywhere , my son is blind and does not navigate too well .
i will . no , i am not . i stay at home with my son .
no , he is completely blind , he does not even see colors .
no , we do not . he is not responsive to those .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
nice are you happy then ?
i want to be happy with me someday
great . can i tell you something ?
i do not have a car
ask my girlfriend . but we may break up
hi i am having trouble breathing .
no i am asthmatic . are you currently running ?
oh ok i am swimming while being 6 feet tall .
in the past i have played hockey .
are you swimming right now ? i would like to go on run with you instead .
would you ever swim while playing hockey ?
that makes sense . how tall am i ?
correct ! let us be 6 foot tall in a pool together .
how are you today , what are your hobbies ?
i love to cook and bake and i love to garden
that sounds like fun , all my children are grown up so i have time
i have a small cat named fe
yes , i meant to say his name was felix and a small terror
that sounds awesome and cool
i am in school studying accounting , are you in school ?
hi . how are you doing ?
do you do that for a living ?
who is your favorite singer ?
i like to listen to hip hop .
there are so many that i like
i have sixteen cats and a bird .
i need to get a lot more
hey there ! how is it going today ?
that is great i myself love cats ! what do you do on your free time ?
i enjoy playing my guitar and a bit of gaming . do you do a lot of traveling ?
not much to be honest , i am a welder i am a bit of a hermit .
haha will do if you send me a juicy steak !
very bland , i just weld pipelines for an oil company , mostly patchwork but sometimes more .
it really is i am happy to have met you , what is your name ?
hey how are you tonight ?
oh why ? whats going on ?
no i am out of school . . . actually a parent . i take it you are still in school by your question ?
wow that interesting . i have seen some interesting rock formations when i go camping .
most of the time its a small forested area near me .
very rarely . its a acquired taste .
hello how are you today ?
that sucks . i work from home its more convenient for me
so where do you work exactly ?
i never been a fan of burger king . i like to eat healthy
never heard of that type of class
is it a really expensive class ?
is it a group exercise kind of thing ?
oh i definitely understand that
hi . do you have any pets ?
i have two cats . i have three dogs . do you play any computer games ?
i call both of my moms . my moms say they love me . baseball is cool .
my moms are programmers . i like to play on slackware linux . i play quake .
oh ! ! ! it was ! i use exclamation marks a lot . what else do you do ?
i just play on the computer . do you have interesting fish ?
cool . i have plenty of company with the dogs and cats . do you like other sports ?
i like to watch football and basketball . i was never really good at either one .
hello , how are you ? i just got back from the farmers market buying local produce .
love watching those shows . i live in the city . maybe i will flip my house .
i see . do you live alone or with someone else ?
i live with my daughter and a grand kid . i love being a grandmother .
that is very sweet . what do you like doing ?
very nice . i like helping my new neighbor . they moved in last week .
i cook for them . with fresh local produces , i love cooking and baking .
what is your favorite pie to make ?
hi , i am a banker , how are you ?
i am from the city and lives there how about you ?
i live in niagara country upstate ny my father worked for a bank
i just graduated from college 3 years ago
wells fargo bank , where is your bank
banking , and you ? did you went to college ?
why did you change careers or just changing jobs ?
that is three careers you have so awesome .
i love fall ! almost time to break out my leather boots and leather skirt
that is what's up ! you do that ! i love music !
really ? that is freaky scary weird lol but cool . i like trucks , got a Ford .
they alright lol . i need a truck a little taller seeing I am almost 6 foot
yea at least it matches since my hair is really long
lol danggggg ! i am trying to figure out music for the weekend what kind do you like ?
really ? why ?
hello . i am 20 years young . how about you ?
i love kids . i have 3 myself .
i am . i also just got into a new apartment near my new job .
thank you . what kind of job do you want ?
great . that is very good work to do for others .
i just got out of college and have an education degree .
it is okay . i am still getting used to it .
i do . there are tons of places to eat around here .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am watching clueless , cher is pure perfection .
i do , i maxed my credit cards this summer , so i am working two jobs .
i work at victorias secret and am an admin assistant .
we have them , i found some cute ones in purple .
you really should . i have to go call my ex-boyfriend , its his birthday .
we are still very good friends .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i order mine online , my husband is always working .
i have two girls and they do not like to go shopping , it is easier this way .
we go mountain climbing a lot . being out in nature is the best .
it is , you can come with us anytime you like .
my youngest girl draws a lot . she is very good at it .
mine does after a lot of typing .
hey how are you doing ?
that is great what do you like to do
nice i enjoy eating fish , pancakes and syrup haha
haha , yeah i also like to fish
5 days a week at least
yes i do , i work as lumberjack , what do you do
wow cool , what type of business do you have
really cool cool , that sounds interesting
hi ! i am tom and i live in china . how are you ?
yes , quite a bit . you ?
do you have a favorite food ? mine is italian food .
i also try to eat healthy unsuccessfully
no , i am single with no kids . you ?
do you know sign language ?
that is great ! i have always wanted to learn .
i play a little bit of tennis , but am not very good
hi . my name is russ . i like creed . do you like creed . they rock , right ?
i have enough friends . my parole officer is making me do this .
i just watch creed videos on there . cheaper than cable . you have a job ?
i am too smart to work . they kept firing me for being too awesome . what happened ?
i never get tired because i only eat meat .
heck no . not meat . only meat . my dad is in jail . do you have a dad ?
how did you know that ? are you psychic ? the internet is scary .
hi ! nice to chat with you . what kinds of things are you interested in ?
ha ! yes ! a water person . i dig it ! i like outside , but also enjoy computer games .
yes ! are you tall ? i recently graduated from high school , so i am still growing .
that is not a skill i have !
i bet ! maybe i can practice my skills next summer break . are you in college ?
i am a computer science major but also take cooking classes , as I practice vegetarianism .
love it ! what are you majoring in ?
smarty pants ! i bet mixing up concoctions is very fun , and dangerous ! ha !
hey , how are you doing today ?
good just went out shoe shopping with my mom .
that is an expensive hobby . the shoes alone are probably more than i make in a week .
do they have good food at the country club ?
i need to try it sometime . as long as its not a fish burger .
yeah i am really allergic to shellfish .
that sounds like fun ! where will you go after ?
hi , goodwill is where i get most of my clothes
yes , i know california is where i am from and you ?
i never been to iceland i live in california
lots of good will in california its a great place to shop and buy recycle stuff
do you do a lot of recycling in iceland ? it is important
what types of recycling do you do over there ?
hey ! i am from new york , where are you from ?
oh wow ! i am a law grad student . do you not love the local shops ?
i understand ! i take my pug to the park too . he is so loyal !
i am a night owl and watch that too since i do not go out much
it is good to be close to family
absolutely . i need to go shopping for the holidays !
what instrument do you play ?
hey how are you ? catching up my game of thrones .
sounds good on this chilly night for sure .
lol i bet , i like walks on the beach .
my fav color is blue , how about you ?
yea i did too , like music ?
i like pop it keeps the party going .
cool , gotta invite me out then
that is cool , where did you move too ?
hello there , how are you today ?
very nice . so tell me about yourself .
that must be very fulfilling . i am a truck mechanic .
it can be sometimes . i bet being a doctor is a lot of work too .
and i make sure trucks are not sick anymore !
i like to take my doberman for walks . you ?
are you on a team , or in a league ?
that sounds like a lot of fun .
hello how are you ?
great so far just came from walking my 2 dogs
i have to poodles i love them
what do you do for a living ?
i work as an accountant
nice i have a red car !
oh well i love to drive and listen to bruno mars
good morning , how are you today ?
i am good , just getting ready to head to work
i enjoy it most of the time , i have an office and work nine to five
not bored , but sometimes stressed . that is why i take yoga
that sounds fun . maybe i can watch sometime and we can go have an italian dinner later
oh yes , for sure . i live in the city so there are many italian restaurants available
i enjoy that as well
that is my favorite soda !
hello , i am sarah . how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just got done tuning my guitar .
that is great ! although go carts is my thing to do .
its better than nothing ! i also enjoy fishing . its somewhat calming
i hear you . summer is almost over .
you will get there . i would love to use more of my george foreman grill
i just love to bbq . prefer it than fast food . that is for sure !
i am with you buddy ! a good burger is sounding delicious !
hello . what kind of work do you do ?
i am a reporter for a paper . are you married ?
no kids . i happen to be single , but i love it . any hobbies ?
reading is relaxing . i do yoga to relax
purple is a great color . i prefer grey , though .
we need calm nowadays . so much craziness in the world !
agreed . especially with all the violence .
hey there , how are you !
i am well , just making some breakfast . do you have today off ?
that sounds like fun . my mom is a schoolteacher and i help her sometimes
i surf sometimes , and i like listening to country music .
any particular artists you like ?
i like more of the old school artists , dolly parton , johnny cash
better than some of the current ones .
yeah . do you like to do any physical activity ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
very well thank you . i am walking the dog later , going to get ice cream .
i cannot wait to graduate college , so i can get started in my career .
that is what i will be doing , i am going to be a journalist .
that sounds fun . i paint and cook in my spare time .
i also do photography , it helps relieve the stress .
my father taught me photography and basic car repair .
hello are you married ? i am but do not think for very much longer
i work for a very large beer company , i see that is probably for the best
we just had a little girl year and half ago , she really likes taylor swift
mostly sports in general , like hunting and fishing as well
that sounds interesting , do you travel a lot for that job
there is always a negative when it comes work
tribes ? where exactly are you at in the world ?
yes beer is always good i can get an endless supply
hi . i am still in school . i hope to be something in biology .
i am not interested in teaching . maybe research . you like to read ?
i think they are cutting down on partying . what do you like in biology ?
do you like movies ? i have not seen any good ones lately .
do they know you party ? i think movies are calmer than that .
they probably have some idea . what will your major be ?
do you like to eat fast food ? where do you go ?
that sounds good but not together . you like sports ?
hi , do you like baseball ?
i am in college too . i just made our team .
that sounds great . i am hoping to play ball
that could be fun . i am not a music fan
i want to travel a lot . sports will do that for me
where did you live before ?
my favorite ball player , mike trout , is from new jersey
hi ! how are you today ?
being angry about my wrong order from a restaurant . they gave me a salad ! yuck .
i hate salads ! ! ! so gross !
that is different . that does not have lettuce in it .
my mom was a stay at home mom and she would always feed us salads ! ugh .
haha . she was a good mom . she stayed at home all day with us .
a girl ! i love my mom ! and my dad , too ! he was an insurance salesman .
i am decently attractive , and you ?
hi how are you tonight ?
i am great thank you for asking . what are your favorite hobbies ?
i also like video games . i really enjoy hiking .
i graduated college in arizona , so i also like the desert .
i majored in education , i am the youngest of 4 siblings to become a teacher .
that is great . do you have any siblings ?
sounds like a wonderful family . nice talking to you !
hi i like hiking everywhere including up volcanoes
i love art but i really cant draw
i tried pottery once . . . broke it before i even started
wow that is great i have been lookin for a wife
i think canadian women are so beautiful
i hated that so much honestly i did
hello to who am I speaking?
I would like to get to know a bit about you.
so that must be California! What kind of music do you like?
I am a huge Justin Bieber fan! What are your hobbies?
I love to go horseback riding with my 2 boys... and camping as often as we can.
I am not very good at it.
spaghetti it is! Both of my boys love it too!
do you not like children?
hello , how are you doing there
cool beans bear with me i just hit 77 today
do you like tv at my age that is all i do
watch your mouth young man . i bet my grandson and granddaughter is your age
yes you're sorry . yd british tv and shows and movies are awesome
i have always loved many kinds of animals
it's very cold out need to turn the heat on
hello how are you today ?
i am doing great , i just ate my favorite food , chocolate
in my spare time i geocache
its complicated to explain , i am the youngest of four
i work as a school psychologist
how come you were rejected ?
yea you will , never give up
i want to learn how to cook well
do you like to watch football ?
awesome ! i play in the nfl
for the philadelphia eagles ! do you like teaching ?
i understand , that is awesome ! they are the future
hopefully not well ! i am quarterback so tell the defense to take it easy !
i appreciate it ! maybe we can pull out the win
hello there how are you today ?
great just got done getting dinner all ready and letting it bake
no it is rice with asparagus and chicken on top covered with cheese
i teach piano for work and also do volunteer work at a soup kitchen
i love animals , i rescue and foster kittens when i can
i also have 2 , i am in between fostering right now . love having kittens around
i usually get them homes , the two i have are from ones i fostered before
baking and cooking , i want to open a bakery one day
hi how are you doing i am good ?
i was born and raised in jersey city .
thank you for your patience i like make up and wearing nice clothes .
my favorite is reading books some times i am disabled .
go to the site workers on board i like romance ,
i like growing vegetables in a big yard . i love mostly r and b .
i like some vegetables corn and peas .
good luck sweetie when you go to the site sign up for emails . god bless
hello , how are you today ?
i am bout to bake a cake .
is there a wife waiting for you at home ?
yes , she is lovely and always puts a smile on my face .
no , i am just a humble baker .
mine is blue . but green sounds better , haha .
so you do have children . how about pets ?
no , i want 100 cats when i retire . but i am only 25 .
hi how are you today
what is that sound eh ?
well i am just gonna stick with birthday cake flavor
listen about lectures about space and stuff
that seems fine as long as you do not lose
well who gets first dibs huh ?
yeah better flip a coin on this one
hi there . how are you ?
oh . i enjoy painting , but cannot do tattoos .
oh wow . i just have one .
tell me something about yourself .
i am great . tell me something about yourself .
i am a photographer . i have traveled the world .
oh . i do not eat meat .
i hate fish too ! the taste makes me sick .
hello
good good how about you
oh nice ! have you been biking for a while ?
nothing much . i am at walmart right now . i love to shop here
why is that ? i like to do all my shopping there
really ? i have never had their pizza
hi , what s up . how are you doing today ?
i am studying for exams .
yeah , the same with me . i m studying for journalism .
nice . just don t make anything that can take a journalist s career . . . lol
i normally study with my girlfriend but she is working today .
my social life is awesome , i m normally with my band when not studying .
rock or whatever music they will let me play
hello , i am here in florida on vacation . do you live here ?
that is odd for alaska . i always thought you lived off fish !
i love to fish as well . outdoors are my favorite
what is your favorite team ?
yes i love the buffalo bills ! i also love to ski . how about you ?
i have never been but it is a dream of mine . i usually end up in florida
i vacation in coral gables . it is very muggy !
it is very crowded . whats the temperature in alaska right now ?
how are you doing today
i love football and being outside
i do a carb load before the game
it is to get energy before you play
yeah , i like throwing the pig skin
that sounds very dangerous to me
spaghetti and meatballs and protein bars
yeah you have to be
hey how is it happening today ?
i wish . i have young kids but i would leave them for adam levine .
no that is not my way . my cats would not allow it
no thanks ! i need all the iron i can get though so maybe ?
oh meat is a good idea then . do you like kale ? i do .
hmmm did i mention my kids are young ? whittling is danger .
well that is good . do you like pasta ?
you should eat kale it is ethically superior to meat
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy art too but i especially like photography . do you watch tv ?
i do not like tv . i have ownership of zero televisions .
well i was schooled professionally actually . my job as a lawyer takes all my time, but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of law.
i enjoy nature and take pictures of the mountains where i live .
yes it is beautiful here . what is your favorite animal ?
cats are an enjoyable pet . i have seven of them .
what do you like to do for fun ?
cool i have not seen that movie
nope no soda for me my wife does not like it
what color ? orange is my favorite
i thought about dying my dog or cats hair purple for fun
i wanted to talk about baseball , i love watching it
i like the cubs . they run a lot , which i hate doing
yeah i bring my kids to games there . they love it .
hello how is your day ?
i just saw ke ha in concert i love her so much
i have a friend in the uk . he runs the world from there . he is james
i am from texas . i love it here . you ?
there are drugs in texas i have not done any i do not know how to get them
you are right i will not look for them
i want to be a cowboy
that is the good part of texas
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
mine too . mostly because i am incredibly overweight .
well , i just wish i could feel pretty again .
you have never seen me ! i am fat , and no one will ever love me .
i am passionate about eating anything that fits in my mouth .
until you are overweight , depressed , and can barely take care of your kids .
so you are saying this is all in my head ?
it is a very hard thing to believe . thank you for being kind .
hello , how are you tonight ?
good for you ! i usually ride my bike to class for exercise
that is a smart idea . like the tiger printed duct tape holding my glasses together
nah , i have to replace a bum battery on my brand new laptop instead
its horrible and unfair . what do you think of it ?
i take philosophy and history and have become politcal as well .
yes , what about you ? do you go to college ?
sounds interesting , what do you do for fun ?
hi how are you tonight ?
just imagine them naked . or something
whats your favorite book though ?
very true . i am so alone i reside on an island
i have a dog too , he is bob !
he is kind of a mutt but he is great
do you go fishing with them ?
hope you are having a great day . will you chat with me ?
a movie would be nice . do you like music ?
i enjoy insane clown posse . i am too fat for sports
where do you work . i am into interior design
do you ever get into role playing ?
what genre do you write in ?
i like science fiction also . i hope you do well with your writing
that is good . never give up on your dreams . have you written any complete works
hello , how are you tonight ?
it has been pretty dreary here . what do you do for work ?
i work for a hospital , i am a pretty well-known surgeon .
i tend to work out , that is the babe magnet, but I wish I could spend more time with my parents in Kentucky.
my boat , large house , and many vacations attract them like bees to honey
hell yeah , i make mad money as a surgeon .
i have not lost too many patients , but that is always a tough day
hey how are you doing ? big sports fan over here ! !
i do except the yankees are losing right now
tom and jerry is a classic . i like getting involved in politics more
yea i am the opposite i hang out with family and friends and watch politics
yea that would be terrible my character probably has gone insane by now
i would love to start my own business , you in ?
hmmm i have not thought of it , i have a new chevrolet maybe uber
you can pack the bow while i am driving the customer haha
hi how are you doing ?
hi nothing much over here
i college unique vehicles u ?
what city are you from ?
i am in the inland empire
yes i have heard of that
i am married . . . been for 20 years
hello , how are you doing today ?
i love it when its nice out , i love to go ride my bikes .
i have not tried competing , but i have a trainer for biking .
i am more laid back , i like to play with my three dogs. I wish I could enjoy spending time with dogs like you do.
that is too bad , i wonder if there is anything else in our backgrounds that mesh .
oh well , you cannot win them all i suppose .
nothing wrong with trying right ?
i think so as well , it was a nice chat , if unproductive .
hi how are you doing ?
what ? i just saw the conjuring
i am in cali so we good
i was born in virginia
my parents moved me here when i was 10
have you ever been here ?
hello ! have you seen the new superhero show yet ?
it is about a raccoon who saves the planet . it came out on ebook first .
i eat out a lot . i go to new restaurants often on blind dates .
they have not yet but i get a free meal out of it .
not yet . i would hate to be called a crazy cat lady .
do you have any pets ?
can your bird talk ? i had a one named jellybean who chatted with me all day .
hi , care for some carrots and dip ?
i read a lot , especially harry potter . they can do some amazing stuff .
skydiving is dangerous . unless you are a zombie . ever watch the walking dead ?
wow . that is great . you must eat lots of veggies to keep in shape .
i do not eat meat .
yes , i should . the g . o . t . books and walking dead turn me off all meat .
i prefer slow food . plants cannot run very far or fast .
if i had it my way . . .
what do you like to do for fun ?
oh really ! ? pop music is my favorite type of music too . i like him and katy perry
oh my ! are you sick ? you should do all the things you love before then .
i love cooking home cooked meals like fried fish .
before you died you should take a walk on the beach . that is something i really enjoy .
i do too . that is why i like tv shows like g . o . t .
no it does not but you might like glee better
how are you doing this evening ?
i am well . what do you do for a living ?
that is exactly what i want to be ! what kind of writing ?
that is great . i work as an extra in hollywood .
i have been before . i hang out with a lot of artists .
no . but i sing . i have won contests . do you have a band ?
yeah , me too . i have a big family . do you have siblings ?
i have twin brothers . they do not like anything i do .
hi what are you up to today
oh nice ! my outlet is doing my hair nails . . working on a new hairstyle now
i added some purple this morning . working on some up dos now
yes . what else do you do for fun ?
oh so cool . what types of movies are your favorite ?
oh that sounds fun . . a bit scary lol . i stick to volleyball
since middle school so , many years lol . do you work
wow you sound very talented
hi . how are you doing today ?
do you like geology or art
i like wine sometimes . what is your favorite ?
did she leave it to you or something
that was very nice that she did that .
i do . i own an art studio .
i am . i am not the best though .
it is a matter of opinion i supposes .
hello ! i have been busy today dusting off my doll collection
too many to count ! i love antiquities
my victorian house has a huge attic full of old video games
they do , i recently sold several to my jazz instructor
kpop is pretty fun to listen to
why do you need to stay awake at night
ah , my husband does that
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good . just got off my shift waiting table .
do you have any kids ?
i have a 3 year old daughter .
oh , i try not to think about it either .
i am taking three online classes at night . what do you do ?
i want to be a lawyer one day .
hi , i am a vet , and i like puppies .
i like to read for most of my time .
yes , i do it is soccer. I wish I could join a soccer team like you.
i am a boy .
i like playing minecraft most of my time .
uh , how old are you , and are you a girl or boy ?
oh , i am on my mom account to earn money and i am only 11 year old .
ok so bye so long .
good evening , how are you friend ?
doing good . just finishing putting on my face paint .
no . i just like to pretend that i am a tiger .
me too . i have a joke for you . why did the chicken cross the road ?
to escape the crazed chef !
he did ! glad you got the joke . most people do not get my jokes .
do you have any pets ?
pete is my husky . he is 5
to many video games ? i love nintendo
i missed it here in the great white north . sorry about your eyes
speaking of red , i love red snapper fish
i like tea too . right now i am watching the thing on tv
i read a lot of Stephen King . there is not a lot to do here
i am 6 ft tall , are you tall or short
i also speak german , do you ?
my parents both have red hair , but i am blonde
yes i love dogs and cats , i also tell bad jokes
koalas are amazing creatures , no i sure do not have any about beer
i love beer and coffee and diet cokes , what's your favorite
i have never had a martini , i used to drink wine , but it's too sweet
everything i eat and drink bothers my stomach as i am getting older
hi how are you today ?
i really like youtube , my dad and i have our own channel
i really like plays , do they have plays there ?
my dad has an advertising company , maybe he could help you
i am not a shopper i am a you tuber
i am not a student i am a play maker
i like fries very much , do you like you tube ?
hey there ! how is your day going ?
good ! just taking a break from my shift at a restaurant
so sorry to hear that . what do you like to do in your free time ?
awesome . i like to create new recipes . gonna open my own restaurant someday
what do you like to eat ?
oh yeah . obviously ! you like watching movies ?
so , whats your fav . movie ?
good evening how are you ? its almost red wine time
i just got my 1 child from school
oh no i would help ya out with that . i got my son an 2 dogs , boxers
no never , so busy in the garden an working
where do you compete at ?
how can you ski an be scared ? that is weird
ll oh does it ? come buy a skully from where i work
yes it is similar to that it will keep you warm
hey , how are you ? what are you up to today ?
nice ! i am getting a shopping list ready for my barbecue today !
i am working on a new book , so i will only bake if i have time
a sort of memoir about my life , with some fun fiction thrown in
kids are great , with our recent home purchase , kids are definitely in our plans
she is ! i have 5 brothers and i am the only girl
my family goes on 3 yearly hunting trips , which is great fun
care to chat with a medium rare steak eater ?
cool . i wish i could reach the top shelf , but i am too short .
yoga is great . i like coffee and have 5 different flavors in my fridge .
walking my dog introduced me to my first 2 wives .
6 now . do you have any special abilities ?
i know when someone has eaten asparagus because of the special gene .
i quit walking my dog and they just kept coming and going .
how's it going , friend ? hanging out watching my favorite movie , myself .
godfather , love it . sorry to hear . losing someone is the reason i weigh so much .
that is healthy . most people cannot handle losing the love of their life that way .
whoops , did you mean to say that again ?
i think somethings wrong with our chat huh ?
way to non sequitur the conversation , friend . you ok ?
hi , a man sees one thing , a blind man sees many things
well i bet you like to travel
i will get you a better paying job
no i can make you a millionaire without college
you sell people things that they need to feel better . strong stuff .
are you opposed to selling people cupcakes ? you confused about that ?
ok , what were you thinking you wanted your starting salary to be ?
ok , 1 million per year .
hello how are you ? do you like music
i am trying to start a band that will play locally
that is nice . i like learning . i learned to play piano when i was six
wow , i eat a vegan diet too . what else you do like ?
i have a guitar tattoo because i own nine of them
that is nice . i like system of a down . do you like a band ?
that is awesome . anything else unique about you ?
hello how are you today ?
i am , right now i have another woman calling me on my cell phone
no just a lady man
that is cool ladies love a man with a job
i can understand why mustangs are awesome
have you ever played basketball ?
that is cool i was offered to play basketball professionally
hey how is everything . nice to take a break from editing .
that is quite a commute . where do you work ?
nice , i do not have kids but i have my cat lol
i do but my gym is far away . hope to move closer .
i would love to get out and run as well but facing the traffic makes me anxious .
i love ice cream . my dad and brother often debate on what to buy at home .
hello . i just got back from the fair . have you ever been ?
congratulations ! i just graduated with a ba .
i have not found a job yet though . i sell things at fairs .
i just surf the local yard sales and then bring in the lot each week .
yes , it can take a lot of time . it must feel good to workout after driving .
i have a jillian michaels pulley trainer . i love it .
she is a famous trainer . smart and pretty , too .
yes that is her . i just imagine her yelling at me to get busy and it works
hello , i am frank . how are you today
i love to read and cycle , and my goal is to be in a professional competition
lol well i manage a grocery store , talk about boring
yes we have tons , have you tried the cracker barrel kind
wow that is serious attachment ! it is good though . i like the white cheddar
what kind of cars do you make
that will be fascinating , must it be cracker barrel ? seems so wasteful
i have an upcoming surgery that i have been saving up for , can you help me out
that is okay i just want to be happy , and i feel like the surgery will help
i do not think so i do like dressing up to go to the clubs .
my girlfriends favorite color is pink ! i love her so much !
haha totally ! i love dancing to britney spears songs !
i do too but i want to have surgery before i really spend too much time outdoors
i do like to eat but i am also trying to lose weight
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i love to dance . how long have you been playing guitar ?
that is very cool . what kind of music do you play ?
yes , i really like ac dc , they are my favourite band .
do you like country music ?
yes sometimes , but it make me jittery .
i am awful at spelling . sometimes energy drinks make me better .
yes , sometimes when i go dancing as well . i love dancing , how about you ?
how are you doing today
i am great . i had the best sleep today .
where do you sing at
what kind of music do you sing
i like to sleep for fun and hang out with friends .
why did you quit it
what is florida like ? is it warm now ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i told you i am good
what do you do for a living ?
i am in cali , have you ever been ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like playing sports on my free time
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy a good hike . would love to try a marathon one day .
i do not watch many movies . i love gambling though !
me too ! i spend a lot of time on the phone with friends .
i like a good meal . i even eat all my vegetables . lol
sorry to hear you have to deal with anxiety .
hey , how is it going
good ! i took my son to soccer practice and just finished up dinner . you ?
what are you taking class in ?
must keep you quite busy !
i enjoy family time too much to start a business ! ! must be nice to chase your dreams
hugs . i am sure it must get lonely
well i am glad you have someone
any new movies out ?
yes it sounds like a nice one
oh yeah i just watched namesake
yea run in boston marathon
i just got a new microwave
it took me forever to learn print
i just saw a dog's purpose sweet movie
it really is someday i will buy a puppy i am lonely
will need to see it
hi . anything new lately ?
uh oh . i live alone .
i am employed in robotics . i understand them better than people .
i stay up late because then i do not have to deal with people .
i am about to order some chinese food . it is just about all i eat .
if i could ride my bike alone at night , that would be great .
oh , my food is here . it is time to eat .
i will , thank you much .
hello ! it is always nice to meet new people !
i prefer driving myself , especially when you are out in the countryside alone
oh cool , you have a cat ?
what else do you like to do besides read and drive ?
i disagree , i love my small town
i never really got into comics myself
i am glad you agree ! are you also from a small town ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs , rob and bob
dogs i must say are better than cats
i like the ones my mom makes .
that is true , but when i visit mom i have to leave the dogs
its true , but i would not want to stay away from family .
it is not my strongest subject .
hi there , how are you today ?
i am still trying to start my day i am so lazy .
wow that is a lot of kids how do you handle that ?
same there i love pork anything pork
i do all the shopping for my family and i buy pork all the time
that sounds good , i can see it now driving with the top down .
i like grilling , carne asada the best
i have a mercedes benz but it is a sub
hi . do you like to larp ? role playing ?
i am good . you ?
it is fun . thinking about going on a diet .
too chubby . blond and six feet tall but 300 pounds ?
probably not the one that goes on second , right ?
oh . right for me . which do you put on first ?
going to see insane clown posse tonight . my favorite band !
hello my name is christina .
i am a professional dancer and i like listening to music that is not country .
awesome , what do you look like ?
haha , i am normal looking aside from long blonde hair all the way to my knees .
yeah i just went to alabama ? i do not know how to spell it .
yeah it was , except the country music . do you go on trips ?
hopefully before our lifetimes at least one human will go there .
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . just watching game of thrones . it is my favorite
it is great . i like to paint . i am actually an artist . you ?
i am sorry . i went through a divorce and now have four kids to raise .
i put my trust in pet land and got a cat when i went through my divorce .
you remind me of my new cat
yeah . once whiskers , that is his name , sets his mind on something there is no stopping him .
hi ! i just got back from getting mine and my bulldogs chanel nails done !
i agree . i am taking lessons from a chef at french laundry .
i have never seen an episode . i am a walking dead fan .
i lost a diamond necklace at a ball once , from a walker trying to bite me .
it does not seem like it , judging from last season anyway .
mine would be to light them up , lol
i would not wear red near them .
hi ! how are you ? i just got home from my job at a daycare .
yes it is only part time . my mom wants me to teach like her .
i am studying business at college so it is not what i want .
and my dad wants me to be a dentist like him . i have such a headache .
oh i know . i always feel judged and never know what to do .
so do you play any sports ?
i sometimes go jogging through on nature trails .
that is true ! it has not gotten cold enough here yet though .
greetings , how are you ? what are you interested in ?
sure ! i am currently listening to my current fave , nightwish .
i work in tech , i program for the Netflix app in my home office , coincidence ?
wow , that is cool ! even my cat has an iPhone ! lol ! !
sure ! i know of this place that is right by my favorite comic book shop !
the store has great info on comic cons . i am a collector too .
how long have you been collecting ?
hello , how are you this morning ?
very well thank you . my kids and i are going to bathe our cats today .
do you like adam levine ? he is so adorable .
that is my favorite car . i used to have one .
what do you do for a living ?
nice ! I am boring , I stay home with the girls .
my husband is a detective , he can have all the fun .
me neither , I try to get him to eat healthy . he has an aversion to kale .
hi how are you today
how many do you have ?
no but i got me 3 kids
i do science bc i am a scientist
my real passion is drawing tho
you can make food into art too
hey there ! i am a yankee , love the local area to do some major shopping !
i love dogs , i have a little pug , and they are just so loyal !
yes , but , i do not see them much , i am such an introvert !
oh really ? ! i would like a consultation ! i live in new york .
oh , wow ! that is great , i am in law , studying for the bar .
i am trying really hard too !
hey have you heard the new foo fighters album ?
really ? cool . that reminds me of my fave boots !
close but they happen to be my favorite color black that they wore in the movie !
turtles ! ? that is cool . i am trying to grow my hair from the spiky black mess !
oh sure my mom will love my black leather boots , hair , and jammin to metal !
heck yea ! whats your favorite game right now ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am feeding my fabulous cat and getting ready to study
yes i have so much love for my cat, I wish I could play the piano as beautifully as you play the guitar.
i like that band too . my favorite song is aerials
wow ! on the piano , it must sound amazing
yes please , i never learned the piano , i am more the athletic type .
hello there ! do you know any good hunting spots ?
that is unfortunate . do you do sports ? i love watching b ball on tv
i take my kids to the park all the time .
sorry to hear that . you could do karaoke . that is a good way to find friends .
my daughter likes books . i am not such a book worm .
that could be interesting . i think i would be bored doing that .
true . maybe i will bring them there when the weather gets too bad .
hello , how are you today ?
i am in school , taking lots of classes this semester
i grew up in ny . my parents both immigrated from europe
business . what did you study ?
yes i do , it helps out
the bronx . what about you ?
no . been to rochester for a few shows , nice city
no i did not , no time for that
hi , i work in marketing and do not drink . you ?
great ! you sing . i do . i also love video games . you play ?
i see . do you drink while create music ?
oh okay . you like i rashad ? i do .
he is a musician . i like books better than movies . you dance ?
hmmm . your band has youtube videos ?
get out ! i know them ! you got a fave movie ? i love law abiding citizen .
justice . youtube it . you sing lead ?
hi , how are you today ?
sorry about that . do you go to school or have a job ?
i set meetings up for people . i could use help with makeup . is it fun ?
oh , that is tough . are you married ?
i have a husband . two children also . what do you enjoy doing ?
no , i am going on a road trip with family . i love road trips .
maybe in the summer . getting ready for snow in this part of the country .
going to seattle . my favorite place . have you been there ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
you should cure sleepy heads
give me some of that everyone is sick
what movies do you like
mine is django unchained it rules
its a quintes tarantino movie . has jamie fox in it
that does not seem very safe
hello . my color is red . whats yours ?
i got birds . sadly i was first born in the family . did not get to have pets .
i kinda became a carpenter . which was fun too .
sadly i was a slave . lasted 10 years .
yeah but live goes on .
nice i bet your good then .
hello
i love watching romance movies
i cant get a girl to like me
i cant concentrate too . . . always daydreaming at work
i do not know . i am a slacker
i should try to get out more
thanks i will
hi how are you doing today
i am doing great . i was dancing .
what is your favorite thing to cook
i like to dance to it
that does not make you a nerd
that is not very nice
that is great . did you write about it
hi there , how are you doing ?
mmm , sounds good . how tall are you ? i am of .
why do you say that i am gross ? ll .
okay ? but yeah , i do eat meat .
haha . whats your spirit animal ? mines a tiger .
cool . why do you say that ? because i am a red head ?
hi how are you today ?
i am good do you exercise ?
i really enjoy exercising lots
i have been told i am not very nice
i enjoy makeup but not people
they want to be my friends but ughhh
that is the truth i would rather they go away stupid people
i do not want that buzz off
i feel happy most of the time , because i read and walk on sunny days
singing makes me happy too , the lumineers band is great too
it is on you , what are you listening now
no body likes taxes try some music to relax
i drive a camry , my type of car
you should walk more often especially on sunny days
you drive up to the mountain with that ? do you live in the city ?
does painting makes you happy ?
hello how are you today ? like tats ?
do you cool , i have 2 , why are you so tired ?
i have a huge big blue van , what you drive ?
cool , how old are you ? i recycle , this world needs it .
my hair is a pretty curly red i love it .
i got it from my parents , there are hippies as so am i .
yes just wild an free .
what did you do earlier today ?
nothing too exciting . just spending time in my home , that i own
it is blue , just like the color of my car
i have a degree . mba .
no kidding . where are you from ?
i do . i love my marriage , and i love living in colorado
it is beautiful here . what do you do for fun ?
oh well that is just no fun
do you think i am a playboy for having all these girlfriends ?
i am a vaquero . that is a cowboy here in argentina . you ?
cool . i ride horses and that keeps me in shape . hobbies ?
that sounds fun . i like to add to my boot collection and date
i guess my horses count as pets . no cats or dogs . do you ?
i could use a cat to kill mice in the barn
i like to read and do wood working . i should hike like you .
how are you ? i love the color blue !
maybe you could sell stamps . i collect them !
yes it can ! do you have other hobbies ?
yes ! i like to go see concerts on the weekend !
pizza ! i also like to go daily to the ymca to swim ! good exercise !
oh i love those too ! they are so good ! do you like to cook ?
i am making spaghetti for dinner right now ! yum !
salad and garlic bread i think !
have you read anything new lately ?
i feel like all i have is time lately . no one to hang out with .
i work at the museum downtown . i love it there .
i do ! hoping to make some new friends . what do you do for fun ?
i used to in my young days . hard to get around now with my wheel chair
i miss going out with friends and having a good time .
i have ramps , just no friends to hang out with . maybe we can meet up ?
hi how are you today ?
i just had a delicious barbecue sandwich while watching tom and jerry !
i like being with my imaginary friends when i watch tv .
i do actually ! i have 7 . i am only 19 years old .
do you like junk food ? i like pizza puffs .
i guess i should start thinking that way too . what is your name ?
that is a nice name . i am from montana .
hello how are you today ?
i am teasing my cats with a laser pointer . what do you do for fun ?
me too i have many swords in my collection . maybe we could hang out ?
yeah i stay strapped . never know when a punk will try me . you work ?
like dubs ? for anime or something ?
like the voices that give disclaimer information ? do you really talk that fast ?
like a dj ? do you stay busy ?
yeah i try to stay preoccupied . any pets ?
hi ! just got home from my job at the grocery store .
sounds fun ! what other music do you like ?
i like to have music playing in the background when i read .
so you like the outdoors . i like to tie my brown hair up and hike .
i hear the people are super nice and make great cupcakes , which i love .
i must admit i have never tried that , but i have heard of it .
hey there , how are you ?
i am pretty good , just watching my favorite movie
16 candles , i know it is cheesy but i love it
i do like those too , and i am in love with cheese cake
that sounds great , what is your book about ?
you are pretty interesting . any children ?
yeah i have three myself
that is not so bad , i do run in my free time . do you ?
hello . hoe are you doing today ?
sounds nice . i am munching on hummus and pita bread which i love .
i am happy to share ! are you a parent ?
i am a mom of three kids and might become a mom again next year .
i understand . i have to go to work early each day to work as a nurse .
i am a nurse which can be challenging as i have a bipolar problem .
it does , but it is worth it to help people . what do you design ?
oh no ! did anyone find him ?
hello , how are you today ?
good , let us get to know each other , what is your favorite pass time ?
sorry , so slow , it was correcting my mistakes , i am a big fan of nascar .
sunday nascar and mcdonalds . do you have a favorite place ?
sometimes , i would love to own a beach house .
what is your job like ?
i hear you , i would love a better one too . what state do you live in ?
i live down in the south . georgia .
hi , how are you today ?
i am good , just got finished walking my 3 dogs .
haha . that is cool . i am a tutor in my spare time .
mainly english , but occasionally math as well .
oh that is cool . do you have any pets ?
yeah , that makes sense . do you work out ?
oh , how is she ? i do . i use a personal trainer.
hey , how are you doing ?
it is nice to meet you . what music do you like ?
i have two kids too !
that is nice , what are their names ?
i have a husband . he is the bread winner since i am on the job hunt .
what is your favorite part about that job ?
you sound like a great person
hello , how are you doing ?
i am good , thanks . you like cooking ? i work at a restaurant .
not really , i just work as a waitress . tell me more about you .
awesome ! i really like the band nirvana .
that would be so cool . i am pretty happy with life , but my car is having issues .
no , my car is the only option , and it needs repairs !
i agree , that would make my life much easier
i am down , let us do it !
hello , how is going day ?
am from nj , what is your hobbies
good , i was enjoy with sea diving
what is your favorite party ?
i am a carpenter , what is your profession ?
fine , are you like animals
i have a dogs and some birds
you have any girl friends ?
hello ! care to chat with a small time photographer and a dog owner ?
yes , or my four dogs sometimes . they are with me most of the time anyways .
nice ! i have not been camping in years . my friends and i need to do that .
oh nice ! must be a totally different experience that i had growing up .
in tennessee . i grew up around a lot of bikers . no wonder i love tattoos !
sorry for your loss . i have a whole sleeve tattoo .
hi how are you doing
i am good getting ready to volunteer at the animal shelter
i watched a great history documentary last night do you like history
yeah i just found it as i was flipping through channels
what kind of job do you have
i am in theater its always been a passion of mine
i few in my local theater
that is such a good one
hello how are you tonight ?
cool i enjoyed some fine dining earlier
i am not sure if it was on the menu i had lasagna
i did not know that are you going to it ?
i would fit right in with my big beard and viking outfit
oh i might have to check that out
yes i could do that
oh are you scared of them ?
hi how are you today ?
reading is good for you .
do you lik listening to music ?
that is true . it is all about balance .
i love rap music . turn it up loud in my truck .
it is smart to exercise . round is not good for your heart .
need the truck for the farm work .
veggies and fruits are good for you .
i am so bored watching tv hopefully someone out there to chat
no they ruin furniture . i have a new puppy though . he is cute .
its a golden retriever . gotta take him to vet for shots soon
single . do not have lots of money so that babes not into me .
does she nag you a lot ? my mom nags my da about not paying the mortgage
i need new glasses too . but have not paid for my old ones yet . six .
that sounds dangerous you should get that fixed so you do not get sued
hello . i am a ballerina like my mom
awesome i bet they are beautiful
my whole family supports me being a white dancer
i have danced my whole life
i bet that is funny my mom was a dancer also
yes i will retire my job in 6 months
no i am allergic to cats
yea they shed and its bad
hey there . how are you ?
i enjoy cooking and reading more than music .
oh . i do listen to music when i run .
i bet my 2 dogs would love to run there .
i do not have a beard . my hair is red .
i am a chef at a local restaurant .
not right now , but probably in the next few months .
hello . thomas here . how are you doing ?
what do you do ? graphic design is my title .
comedy . . i love it . this weather is pretty chilly . i prefer spring .
not really . just my money source . painting is my passion . change the world ?
that is nice . going for a walk on the beach soon . sweatshirt today .
only about 60 . . maybe not even ? what is your location ?
weather good there ? hopefully a bit sunnier than here .
hi how are you today
i am doing great looking forward to sunday how are you
what do you do for a living
i followed in my dad's footsteps and work at Microsoft in the IT department
yeah i love technology .
they can do great things . do you like music and sports
i love football ! i am a huge Steelers fan
wow that is great ! i hope we can win more games
how are you doing today ?
i am good i am just watching tom and jerry with my imaginary friends
miley cyrus lives down the street from me she told me it was cool
i am only 19 so i am not allowed , they are like jovannie no real animals yet !
yes very ironic that is cute !
aww i am sorry to hear that
hi how are you today
cool did you do any reading ?
wow a very admirable trade !
very cool do you have hair
no what color is it ?
whats your favorite color then
What are your plans for the day?
It is still warm here. I might go out and train my horses today.
I would love to go on the beach, and write about my experience there.
Mine is brown, like the color of my horses.
I do training for horses. I absolutely love what I do.
No, I did not. My horrible parents did not pay for it.
No, I did not. I wish I had someone I belonged to.
What do you not like about your spouse?
hello new friend , how is life treating you ?
oh lovely , what do you do for work ?
you must be very good at math . i think i will fly some kites tomorrow
not usually . i try to hike in the shade mostly ;
same here where do you like to travel ?
i would love to see that one day . i have been to the Rockies and the Cascades only
do you enjoy rugby at all ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
wow , that is impressive . no kids for me .
yea i can imagine . are you married ?
the night shift must be tough .
i guess i got lots of free time compared to you . i do not have kids .
i recently got into a relationship any advice ?
sounds smart . i am partial to pancakes myself .
hi how are you today
pretty good do you like music
oh do you go to church
i am part of the choir
yeah or i pretend to
if i am not reading my bible yes
what do you do for work
i teach grades 6 8 you see
how are you doing today ?
i have been having morning sickness
yeah . first one . i am excited .
i am not sure . my husband will come home on leave though .
who is she ? i have heard the name .
that sounds very interesting . i will have to see that .
i like them when i am not sick
hello ! i just got off work .
it is going well . i plan to watch some clouds later . you ?
that sounds fun . how many horses do you have ?
i bet they are beautiful . i wonder if costco sells horses
that is awesome ! i love shopping there . i will have to look here in tennessee .
i know , they do sell pretty much everything . probably why i love shopping there
yummy ! send one to me ! cake is delicious !
chocolate with chocolate icing . and strawberries !
hey there you like baseball ?
i am the biggest fan ever of it
awesome , who is your favorite ?
my favorite it Mike Trout .
really ? i play also what kind of science ?
i am young but ready
i am 19 an just got on the team for college , watch for me .
you will trust me i have faith in me
hey , i am pet-sitting, what are you up to ?
how many kids do you have ?
i am watching a lady bichon frise at the moment .
i am usually reading , my favorite book is the tale of genii . you ?
what kind of crafts do you do ?
whats your favorite movie ?
piano keeps me active because my father is not around
my boyfriend join the us army , unhappy now . . .
i heard the color yellow makes you happy , so that is my favorite
what did you do for your country as a general ?
yum , i love chocolate cake , it makes me happy just thinking about it
good to be a leader , my boyfriend is not really a leader just an army man
hello how are you doing today ?
do you like to read ? love indian food .
yes guess it would . violin seems fun . do you exercise ?
i used to be a ballet dancer now i am just round .
that is what happened with me .
what is there really wow i am shocked .
i had no idea . wow
good to be healthy . with extra weight comes body injuries .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am always going to auditions every chance i get
i would have to say james franco
what do you do for a living ?
that must be very tiring
hi ! starting in the police academy this summer . any advice for me ?
what do you do for fun ? any hobbies ?
what tattoos do you have ? i like lifting weights ; not doing squats , ever ; and ma
wow , you must love cats ! any pets ?
you sound interesting , but i would not trust you with my most treasured possession
its a bowie knife , btw . oh , my i bet you get lots of compliments comments
wow ! did you ever want to pursue ballet too ?
is there where you do the clerical work ?
how are you doing this evening
haha i strive for perfection so i go to the gym every day, I feel your pain !
that is cool ! i need to take a break from working so hard
i have a cat that is it , what about you
i love cats so cute and furry
mine is pizza , i am no cook . if it does not come out perfect i keep trying
since i take forever to finish all my daily tasks its easy dinner for me
when i go on vacations i get more reading done , i could use a vacation actually
hi there , i am bob .
hi angel , do you like breakfast ?
how do you feel about lesbians ?
good cause i am one
not as much as i like making breakfast
yeah i would love to see how the rest of the world lives
i want to eat all the foreign food .
it sounds like a plan
hey how are you today ?
nice . you like it ? i am tanning my olive skin .
i love skunks . my purse even has a pic of it on there . do you have skunks ?
fun ! my cat eye glasses compliment my green eyes .
that is cool . maybe you can make me an eyeglass bead chain .
i like reading too . especially about skunks haha
hi how are you today ?
i am relaxing on this saturday afternoon i have one sister
animals are cool i like dogs whats your cats name ?
how many brothers or sister do you have ?
lol that is good did you go to school ?
i did graduated with my associates and bachelors
hello , how are you ? tell me a bit about yourself ; i am a blogger ?
i am a blogger sorry miswrote . what do you do for fun ? that sounds awesome !
are you currently stationed ? where do you live ? i am in celebration fl
really ? awesome , i have friends who love tool . personally , i love the doors .
are you married ? i unfortunately am and have two kids
i wish ; lucky ! did you know that during high school , i was a cheerleader ?
ah , man i was hot back then ! what were you doing during high school ?
hey ! how are you ?
i am alright , but whats with your mom ? i have a short temper i could not take that .
i see . must eat some weird foods on the road . i am a picky eater .
mexico is a great and cheap place . do you like music ?
i bet . it sounds rough . i want to be a teacher .
haha well that is quite the mix
yeah that is why i want to do it in the future
good afternoon , how are you ?
i have dogs ! i have 4 big dogs
i hate holidays ! i do not like traditional religion
me also , i believe in ghost do you ?
that is cool , i hate holiday but like ghost
i love him too ! ! kids go crazy hearing him lol
i like to buy convertibles they nice
what kind did you use to have ?
hi how are you today ?
pretty good do you work
what kind of youtube videos huh ?
do you ever see beagles eating bugles ?
are you currently married then ?
yeah my wife always makes me super happy
haha why is that a joke tho
yeah i had a little chuckle mate
how are you doing today ?
fine . just missing my boyfriend though .
he is in italy on tour . florida is nice .
really do not like cooking .
neither does my mom she just moved in with me .
do you enjoy cooking ?
do you enjoy cooking ?
do you like living with him ?
hi . how are you doing ?
i am reading fashion magazines
that is a great start
do you get paid for that
that sounds great . i like to go to disney world to show off my outfits .
what is your favorite movie
why do you think that is ? her fashion sense ?
i am going to be a lawyer
i love chips . and i to play tennis
what do you do for your work ?
i understand . i read a lot in my free time
mysteries and i read with my 2 sisters i am the youngest
do you go visit him ?
well it was nice getting to know you
hi ! do you believe in love ?
i am such a romantic , but with no luck in relationships so far !
does daydreaming during work count ? i cannot concentrate to do homework either
what business are you starting ? are you married ? any kids ?
what hobbies do you have ?
do you have any pets ?
hi there , hows it going ?
i am from iowa . i am in high school .
what did you study in college ?
i do not know . i like dance . i am a member of a competitive dance team .
oh that is probably a big hike ! must be difficult .
well , see a lot of movies mostly .
i bet . i love disney movies most of all .
whats your fave ?
hi , you homeless ? i like giving homeless clothes .
let me know , let me go , the air's so pure , that is for sure .
i run a gun club , if i can't hunt it , i do not eat it .
i cannot wait for sunday . it will be sunny and i get to play golf with bff .
i write poems . . been trying to write one about glaciers for years now
i will , one question . sure you not homeless ? you sound homeless .
hi how are you doing ?
its good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
why are you yelling at me ?
what city are you from
it looks like it to me
hi , what do you like to do for fun .
i am fine . how is your day going ?
good to hear , yes i work . what do you do ?
so what do you do all day
what is d d ?
oh it is a video game . i do not play many games , i prefer books .
oh a board game , that is cool . what else do you like to do ? If only I could be a prince and live in a castle surrounded by dragons.
hey how are you ?
i am doing well . having lunch
lol . i bet . i like cooking . were cooking at work today
that is cool . i do not cook as much since my kids are about grown
i have not ever been played . i spend most my free time with my cat and dog
that is awesome . my cat name is felix and my dogs name is emmy
oh yes they are funny
i grow basil , rosemary and thyme . . . you ?
gardening is easy , my parents taught me .
i read to . what are you reading now ?
i do not have much time to read , as i am sewing my own clothing
no , it is easy for me . my parents taught me .
they are artists , like hippies . . .
what year were you born ? i was born in the 60s
its not that i like it . . i just know it i was born in 1964
how are you doing today ?
i am great . i am practicing japanese .
yes . the subtitles bug me that much .
i do not . i have not seen much of it .
i do not . i would not mind learning .
i have a parrot named rob
what does he do ? why is he so out of control ?
that would be so gross
hi , what are you doing right now ?
why are you confused ? maybe i can help
a gender does not define you , just be yourself
well , you will be attracted to whomever you are attracted to
i am cutting out coupons , i shop a lot
i am addicted to saving , i will never buy anything at normal price
my life revolves around stockpiles , i like to donate to the needy too
how is your evening going ?
lol , i am doing well , and you ?
had today off , police officer , next shift begins at 6a tomorrow
used to drink coffee , now i just pound a liter of cold water
when i can i like to dive scuba, I wish I could scuba dive like you, but I'm scared of deep water.
chocolate is the best , especially the good milky stuff
i am partial to a good old hershey kiss
good morning how are you ?
i am am okay studying for exams this week , i am working on my rn certification
really ? that is such a coincidence !
no but i do have a concert in the city . i sing in a girl group .
why canada ? is it cheaper there ?
i got you , there is nothing wrong with that .
no hobbies i have a horse . its hard to get him to respond to me .
talk to me . i know it sounds weird but i had one that talked before .
good evening , how are you ? what is going on with you today ?
i am i telling you been having problems with my truck . do you fix cars ?
oh wow , what kind of music you sing dear ?
okay well i love some rock music . any kind is pretty cool .
i do not mind them put them sauteed on a steak with some onions , yum !
he hunts cows with a pig ? how does that work ?
oh i never heard of that but yeah steak with any veggie turns out great .
hi how are you today ?
very cool are you a child ?
do you have train books too ?
i do but i like my cardigans more
like a sweater you dork
i have never met my papi
hey how are you ?
no problem . so what do you do for fun ?
oh . i am currently traveling and learning new cultures . i love it .
i am a military veteran . i also do volunteer work at the local animal shelter .
birmingham . i love it here . all the football is great
not besides football . i am busy with my wife of 20 years
hello how are you tonight
this late ? i am eating candy and drinking soda , my favorite
you should get a different job
well that is good . maybe that is why i am 300 pounds
its because of all the junk food i eat . us men eat unhealthy
i live in illinois , big fan of the godfather movie
what kind of drawings do you do ?
oh yeah , i like anime
for a boy my hair is quite long ;
shorty ! lizard are my passion i really like them
hah instead of taking notes i draw during my classes , oops !
okay but friends are not my thing , i do not have many
i prefer lizards to humans . . and you , because you are slow ;
i am a boy but my hair is long
friends ? do not care , not many at all .
so , any exciting plans for the day ?
nice relaxing day . i am going to repair some trucks this afternoon .
i have one . four would be a dream come true !
i am trying to find a kennel for mine when i go on vacation .
i am a big fan of liam neeson , who is your favorite ? I wish I could meet Liam Neeson in person someday.
she is indeed . timeless and iconic lady !
i would love to read it , she is fascinating .
feels like it sometimes , but politics proves me wrong every time
hey there how are you ?
i sure will ! i cannot wait to have the taste in my city
i like ethnic foods i am tall also .
i came from greece as a kid to america .
not really , i like greek salads the most
do you like gyros an things ?
i have not had 1 in a minute , i would not mind 1 too .
when you making them again ?
i can bake you a cake for your birthday
what kind do you want ? a katy perry one ?
do you want to go hunting ?
i wanted to make us some stew
yes , that is fine . i will not hunt you .
not right now , are you ?
i hope you get a great education
hmmm , i like to bake a lot .
hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?
can we do all summer long ?
i do not know how to play , i only sing .
will do . i am a scientist , it will have to be on my days off .
this one listens to the foo fighters and metallica .
i do not care for the black album , i prefer the older works .
i agree . i like seeing all of the kids getting into old school rap .
do you like tupac ? he is my favorite .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good . how many siblings do you have ?
cool , what do you like to do for fun ?
listen to my vinyls . music just does not sound the same any other way .
he sounds like a cool guy . my job is to fix planes .
yeah , i like to fix up and drive junk cars too .
i am constantly doing something . tell me something else interesting about you !
cool , how old are you ?
last I saw my sister, years ago, she was in a cult. True story.
religious. She caught the rebel bug from dad, a former communist.
how about you? What is your situation or lifestyle?
i deep sea diving to relax, put sis out of my mind.
i am not objective about that. i plan parties laden with fatty foods.
i like blue oyster cult and folk singers like pete seeger.
i thought that they are healthy. they are always a hit on the menu.
i heard of them. do you work?
hey , how are you today ?
that sounds nice . i live in a city , so there is not much quite .
i love the city . i work at a book shop with my older brother . it is fun
has anything worked so far ?
funny , i am actually watching a movie where the stock market is being robbed
i also think the dark knight rises is an inspiring movie .
yeah , it is also my girlfriends favorite movie .
five years , i love her
how are you ? tell me about your dad ! mine is a bartender
wow ! that is a long time . he must have been a hard worker like my pops .
sad ! i love the deaf because my dad taught me to love all .
big fam ! i have 1 brother who started as a cook just like dad
i am a social worker because of the strong sense of right and wrong dad gave me
dad died last year at 70 , but mom is still kicking at 72 !
hello , can you add me on facebook i have over 4000 friends ! ?
it would be nice as it has been years since i spoke to my family
i have to say we may never meet , i am uncomfortable in a formal situation
i like to go hitchhiking so maybe i can be hitchhiker ?
i live in a house all alone so my 4000 facebook friends keep me company
i need to get out more
maybe , do you have pets ?
sounds like some loveable pets you have
hello , there , sweetie . having a good day so far ?
i just opened a fresh bottle of margaux , so i am fabulous !
expensive French wine . Hemingway son named his daughter after it .
Ernest Hemingway , the author , old man and the sea ?
fashion ! i love fashion ! diamonds , diamonds , diamonds !
i prefer the shows in Paris and Milan . daddy left me sooooo much money .
hello , is anyone there right now ?
that is , um , interesting to know
does not sound good for them . i am stuck in florida .
yes , um , i have power . i picked a bad time to take my vacation .
that is good . i am not sure what to say . i am not good at connecting with people .
no , i pretty much keep to myself .
i am usually pretty busy , i am a accountant . . freelance , no particular company
what kind of books do you read ?
you know , i think we may have a book like that at my library .
hm , i guess so . why do you want to be a professional eater ?
if you could eat only what food , what would it be ? mine would be tuna
aw , my cats love shrimp . well , shrimp cat food , that is
reading is what helps me .
the should help you out with the housework , i am sorry
no , it is just me and the cats .
hello , how are you today ?
i run , mainly to conserve gas .
i do not follow sports , i work too much .
no , i lost my job a few months ago , and am having issues dealing with it .
i do , i work three jobs to make half of what i did at the old .
i work at a truck stop , in various shops . do you like creed ?
no , that is radiohead , they are great too
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . just listening to some metal music .
i love Metallica too ! i enjoy wearing leather .
oh , that is understandable . i wear boots a lot that are leather .
yeah , not very much though .
i like to sleep late .
i am more of a night person .
are you in a relationship ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
what city are you from ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two . . . one shih tzu one shar pei
what type of music do you like
i like rap and pop and country
hello . where do you live ?
i live in the big apple . new york city .
not really . i write for blogs and i love going to museums .
oh wow . now that is cool . are you married ?
yeah . big family . ten nieces and nephews .
that can be nice too . so how is baltimore these days ?
that is where michael phelps is from , right ? pretty cool !
getting cooler too . winter is coming !
hi ! i work as a juggler at the circus what do you do ?
cool ! do you have pets ? i own 2 golden retrievers
cool ! mines are called ally and hal !
mines is purple and yours
cool ! i just started a keto diet .
it is a low carb diet
it is difficult ! do you like going to the movies ? i love it
i see ! you should join the circus ! i it is very fun
hi how are you doing
that is cool i am practicing for a talent show
i am singing i am pretty nervous
how many do you have
wow that is a lot of dedication whats your dogs name
that is so cute i wish i had a dog
haha that is my future plan
i am trying to get in the habit of trying new things
hello . how are you . are you having a good day ?
i am good . do you have any pets ?
i have two small dogs . what kind of work do you do ?
that is a good job . i own my own marketing agency .
i wish i could write . i have always wanted to write a book .
no i have not . what has he written ?
it was nice meeting you . have a good day .
hi , are you a fellow Canadian ?
pretty close to Ontario , you ?
i make it to the states a couple times a year .
i am usually there to run marathons
i run daily and love watching basketball
i watch the Vancouver Grizzlies , they are my favorite !
no , basketball is my favorite .
hi matt here i wish i knew where i belonged
nice ! ! i do not like my parents , but enjoy my job .
yeah , i work as a manager
as a living i also train horses
i also write blogs on my spare time
there are times i will sleep in . long hours at work
i am twenty five years old .
yeah i feel like time is going by fast
hi . what do you do for your job ?
i act in movies and have done some commercials . what fast food restaurant ?
what are your pets names ?
i am very busy doing my job acting in a weekly telenovela .
i started acting when i was 10 . do you have any hobbies ?
arts and crafts are very interesting . what is your question ?
wow , good question . they can be trained to be actors , so possibly .
i worked with a trained dog in a television commercial once .
hi , what are you doing ?
i am great , i am also the baby of 4 in my family .
i am vegan , i eat what i farm . do you hike or nature walk ?
healthy is good , after my accident where i lost an arm i gave up junk .
where ? after my college graduation i had to work to pay for school .
thanks . . . computer it pays but to much still goes to loans .
i say that also but it would be nice to eat chicken for one night .
i meant tofu that taste like chicken .
i need to be desired by someone
i love eating pizza
i hate reading so much
i work out a lot i always feel obese
i miss it if i do not workout
i use a lot of make up as well
i am sorry to hear about ur moms cancer
hi i am john how are you
great just catching up on game of thrones
yes i just made some awesome mashed potato casserole
ouch i once was a vegan but me and her did not work out so i am coming back
never heard of that it do not sound fun . my fun is soccer
me too it makes new doctor visits so awkward being non latex
awesome i met a nice cobbler in italy
oh lord that would not be fun i worked red lobster in high school
hello hope you are having a good day . i am just spending time with my little dogs
i love horses too . do you ride often ?
i wish i had more time to do things . i am busy with my marketing consulting agency
i live in west virginia with my husband .
that is interesting . which team does your brother play for ?
it is here too . a beautiful autumn day
windy here too . it may storm later on .
i do too the leaves are pretty and the temperature is just right
hi how are you today ?
drinking tea its my favorite yo
do you get hardboiled eggs ?
do you like to ride bikes ?
do you like to draw then ?
oh i enjoy drawing people
yeah i can draw real awesome things
yeah reading can be fun i guess
hi are you having a good Saturday ?
at home listening to bieber which reminds me of 5 years ago .
what is ma ? do not think i have heard of them
is not that just like the fake wrestlemania stuff ?
i am not into fighting . if i want danger then i just drink milk which makes me sick .
police academy the movie or the playstation game ?
oh . are you good with a gun ?
hi , i am fine what a bout you
yes i love to go fishing how about you
i do care giver for the senior
that good need some body to do that too you should be pride
yes blue , i am on the shy side what about you
ok , cool , do you have any children
yes i have five adults children
i have a hard time spelling
i love volunteering at the animal shelter
i can dance pretty well . and my hair is blond , it goes down to my knees
well i feel quite flattered
no i have not but that is ok i do not have to .
did you like it a lot ?
hmm . oh ok , i am not sure how that works
it also takes a lot of work too if you want to be rich
i just ate a huge plate of pancakes . yum !
what do you like to do for fun ?
i prefer being outdoors . i spend most weekends hiking with my friends .
no . my new girlfriend cannot swim so we avoid that area .
yes ! i love to blast metal while riding my harley .
are you a professional musician ?
me either . bikes and hikes are for me . do you work ?
that is fantastic . is your family nearby ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just getting back from band practice
that is sweet i love animals
no but i want to some day
i am trying to learn new vegan recipes
i would love to find good mexican vegan options
that sounds fun whats your favorite site
nice to meet you ! tell me a little about yourself !
sorry to hear that ! do you avoid parks ?
i would hate it if i could not walk to the nearby park every day .
since i have to walk everywhere , i stay home and paint my room purple .
it is more fun working when you can listen to music or podcasts .
since there are no children around , i can turn them up really loud !
but at least there are no interruptions !
no , i live alone , no children and no cars . i enjoy it .
hi , how are you today ?
oh , one day maybe . i wonder the same .
i like reading and relaxing by the lake . i like men too .
what do you do ? i am a 5th grade teacher .
i like to watch golf and tennis on tv .
where do you live ? i live in new york .
oh . the school i teach at is outside of oakville , ny .
5th grade . that is such a great age .
hello how there how are you ?
i am great , just sitting at home and working online .
i do but limited , i am a music freak and enjoy festivals .
ha , ha , ha . . . cute . i have a garage band and we rock .
a limited amount , i am inspired by the band story so far as my mentor .
yes , soccer i am very good . all my friend call me striker because i am that good .
hello there , where are you located
i am sorry , i do not like those kinds of shows
there is some lovely hunting where i live
i remember when there were great players in baseball . yogi , babe . . .
i am not one for the city . too many people .
i live in the countryside . in arkansas
small game mostly . if you like hunting critters
hello my name is jakob how are you
i just returned from a trip had to clear my head after my breakup
well if she likes pizza we could probably grab a bite
nice where you from ? i work with bitcoins
nice i been there . . almost took an engineer gig there
yes it is just wish they had more salsa clubs up there dancing is my thing
books , movies , concerts , nothing extreme but i have skydived before
hi i like the color red . what is your favorite color ?
no but i do have two turtles . do you have any pets or sisters ?
yea they are lazy . i love video games it is my hobby . do you have hobby ?
what about movies ? i like gone with the wind .
are you scared of everything ? sounds like a boring life .
i got to clean my turtles cage today but i do not feel like it .
yea but then i can play video games .
what do you mean by that ?
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good just watching a movie .
watching the original it right now , i love horror movies .
i love stephen king , i have read all of his books .
aw i am sorry . i love reading . do you work ?
what do you do ? i work at a veterinarian office .
oh that sounds fun . i love christian music .
yes , it can really turn your day around .
how are you doing today
what is that work like ?
that is so good . good for you guys .
that is also cool . i love education .
that sounds like a lot of work .
it is great that you do what you love .
i like to shop and go to the mall .
i bet . that is a lot of animals .
hi there . tell me about yourself .
cool . i like pizza too . although i am having some sushi right now .
that is sweet . my wife and i have been married for 30 years .
i live a simple life , puttering in my garden and listening to music .
do you like music ? you should listen to ween ! they are awesome .
yes , they are great . what else do you like to do ?
hi there ! how was your day today ?
i like her , she is so pretty . i wish i was like her
oh i work in the publishing industry . what about you ?
oh . my ex used to smoke . whenever i smell smoke now i remember him
i am from the us . and yourself ?
sometimes . i go out with my guy friends and we have lots of fun lol
i like country . do you like that music ?
i love celtic as well .
i do not work yet . i want to be a singer .
i do that every day .
awesome . i have a collie dog named tibby .
i love animals . tibby is great .
no . i live near farms .
hi , how are you ? i own a small business . i help clients win money .
they like to gamble and i try to give them a lot of sports information .
yes , i would be happy to for a fee . i only charge one thousand per session .
you must watch football to find your answer .
hmm , exotic plants you mean ?
i guess so . i would have to see one .
yes , i am single . i am too busy with clients .
haha ! you are a very funny person .
hi there . i am playing my guitar . just woke up .
i hope to be in a band soon .
maybe . i sleep most of the day because my job is quite demanding .
i meant to say sleep . i love coffee . you like working there ?
i wish mine did . i rarely see my wife and two kids .
i am an offshore oil rigger .
its very demanding . and dangerous .
oh yeah . we do not care what you look like as long as you work hard .
hello how are you today ?
you know just living the life in texas
that sounds like fun i work in pt
i think both my cats hate me
i also have 3 of those
that is why they call me john
like hot dogs ? i like hot dogs
it is great you get along
hello . how are you tonight . care for a quick chat ?
i am good . just nice talking to someone , it sucks being so shy .
well my dog is my best friend i tell him everything . you have pets ?
nice ! i am like singing in the shower . you do anything silly like that ?
i wish i was . i have to be content with my shyness .
i am from tennessee . where are you from ?
oh nice ! lots of parties there , never went to one or even drank .
hello how are you doing ?
okay that must be a lot of work .
no siblings myself . are you at work ?
that is tough . what does she do .
that is fun . love pizza .
amazing . do you have salad there ?
eat a salad daily with tuna . rather pizza though .
yes do . healthy protein option .
hello , how is it going ?
yes . what do you like to cook ?
lucky ! i wish i could be a chef !
no , i love birds . especially parrots . they are so cool .
that is pretty funny . that is a sight to see
it seems he is so loved !
i am . my husband and i are traveling now .
with our wonderful children ! we love to see the sights .
hello ! how are you today ?
could be better i have a lot of work
that sounds very tiring . i am trying to write a book
it is about my life
oh no no no , i do not like country
i am . well will be soon when i get this book done
about 30 more chapters
what sort of things would you say ?
hi how are you doing ?
i like music reading , what about you ?
what do you do for a living ?
what did you used to do ?
i love to read horror novels
yes i do , i have eight siblings
what ? oh no what happened ?
hello , how are you this fine rainy thursday ?
binge watching supernatural , hard to do anything with a broken leg .
i would love stuff like that , my dad is trying to force me to be a journalist .
writing is ok , but doing it for a living is not what i want .
my mom blames my fragile bones on my birth . i was born 6 weeks early .
haha i am only 4 11 and a half .
a tall person doing gymnastics ? i envy that .
my friends do not call me by my real name .
bubblegum . i also have red hair like my sibling .
it is because i found the antidote for the everyday sickness it tastes like bubblegum .
not i , my brother and i are very outgoing , we both have red hair .
i love to vocalize about food while bathing !
i sing about anything , i love it !
yes ! i sing anything in the shower . especially about finding the cure !
the common cold ! that is what i found the cure for !
hi there ! says the tallest woman in the room always . . .
i am 6 feet tall and i usually wear red just to stand out more .
oh that must be stunning ! mine is navy blue to honor my dad
my dad is a retired nyc police officer , so blue for him
more power to you ! my dad is in an elder care home
lol handlebar or broom ? i volunteer at the home so we see each other often .
do not let her go ! ! ! not all women appreciate mustaches
hey there how we doing tonight
i am doing well just doing the things i love . eat pasta and swimming
that is awesome i love body art
i have my favorite singer tattooed . britney spears ! !
that is smart i wear the color pink , i love it
there we go ! ! how is your saturday going
doing pretty well about to watch some dragon ball in a little
something to do , so where you from i live in georgia
hello . i just finished my dinner here . how was your day ?
sounds like a nice night in . me and my dogs are happy .
just 2 . they are nice company when i go fishing .
that sounds awesome . i bet you catch good stuff .
i bet . same here . just makes a person happy to be fishin
i like cooking . sushi rolls are really fun to make .
any of your fish make it in your stir fry
can i tell you a secret ?
i run up to total strangers in parks sometimes , and try and sword fight them
use sticks , i have too much energy , 4 mountains dews a day makes me hyper
i mean if they are not into it , i do not push it , but yeah i guess
what can i say , i am an imaginative person
poet and you did not know it
so do you like movies ?
i like movies where aliens attack earth , what genre of music do you play
hi how are you ? what music do you like ?
i like more melodical stuff . . . that i can sing , or play at the piano .
i work , as a dancer . i should try dancing to death metal some time !
yes , very chill . . . also a night owl . what about you ?
what food do you like ?
yes , that is no healthy . i am actually a vegetarian . what do you do ?
everything but meat , cheese , and eggs ! what do you study ?
i love playing soccer
no it not its my favorite sport
i am a stay at home mom and a baker
yes cookies pies cakes cup cakes
yeah i like them too
mazda sports car love it
why is that lol
no i have not is it a good movie
hi , want to chat with me ?
well i am a mom with five little kids
oh no . i love babies
never say never . raising babies is very rewarding
well i hope you find your happiness elsewhere then
why do you need three ? do they make you happy ?
is it important that you impress others ?
i think it is better to have a few close friends
good evening , how are you ?
that sounds fun . unfortunately , i have an injury , on top of carrying twins .
i could use all the prayers i can get , this will make 5 children for me
they could . count me out , i vomit every morning because of the twins i am carrying
the doctor has me assigned to bed rest for almost half a year . come visit me ?
sure ! my 3 kids are very good around animals .
what a great idea ! just do not bring any ghosts around .
do you have any personal home remedies for morning pregnancy sickness ?
hi there . i am just playing my guitar .
acoustic . i use it for the soundtrack of my movies .
no real movies . i won an award at sundance for best lesbian director .
haha . i dedicated the last film to my father . he just had a heart attack .
its ok . he is made a full recovery .
oh i am so sorry . heart conditions can come as a surprise .
you never fully prepare to lose a friend .
i was in the pta when my kid was younger . its very time consuming
good afternoon , how are you ?
i would be better if my little sister stopped barging into my room .
oh wow , do you have other family near to you ?
i have a dog ! she is a golden retriever named bella .
sis just came in again . i just want to finish my math homework !
that is a great idea ! i wonder if she would love math like i do ?
i am glad i do not need to worry about that yet .
what else are you into ?
hi , how are you doing ?
not bad . could be better . i stepped on a rock while barefoot .
i like to be barefoot outside . makes me feel one with the earth .
i love to read . gotta have a big comfy couch for that .
i am reading pride and prejudice now . but i love stephen king .
never ; even saw that show . heard lots though .
did not know there was a comic series . maybe i will get for my son .
he does enjoy comics . he collects them actually .
good morning ! actually , its not that great , my back is killing me !
i never did learn to relax . i was always busy being the grown up , i guess
i am an activist . mostly for animal rights , but i also advocate for the homeless
that is great ! the world needs more people like her . so , what do you do ?
hybrids are great for the environment . i could go on forever about how people mistreat the earth
i have a big fluff ball of a dog . how about you ?
i never miss a music festival . what kind of music do you like ?
big club scene in atlanta with lots of parties and music . i like all kinds of music .
i am in the suburbs but its worth the drive . its different from home and work .
i work in a upscale , fancy part of town . then the club scene and then home .
being a dental assistant takes up most of my time so not much free time .
i used to skateboard and bmx but too many injuries so now just music festivals .
a club in atlanta is hiring waitresses . come on down if you like loud music .
sorry i meant waitress . but they are always hiring and its a big party scene .
hey ! hows everything going ? i am just jamming to this metal band my brother is in .
sounds like fun . my brother travels the world with this band .
he sure will ! our family migrated to america when i was five .
brazil . i am in college now and trying to be a teacher .
comics are fun ! i have been reading them in between college material
sorry to hear . my college ends september and i hope to find a job soon after .
he does travel the world ! anything else going on with you ?
sorry to hear . i graduate in September maybe we can play guitar together .
hi . how are you today ?
i am good too . i am currently looking for a date
anyone that is not crazy lol . i have not dated since high school
in mexico . how about you ?
cool ! and what do you do for a living ?
wow that is a stable job . i am a handicapper for horse racing
i pretty much bet on horse races
corvette , that is what i own , you ?
surfing is what i really like
well in california , where i live its easy
3 weeks , i have a job as a mechanic , i fix things
i have a corvette , so um yes
yes but surf and sand , that is what i like
hey there , how are you ?
a little on the tired side , long day . enjoying last of the warm weather
i would not even know how , i am kind of tall and geeky , do not get out much
well , my dad being a cop , kind of scares everyone off
i would not think so , but apparently its intimidating to some
he is pretty cool and relaxed considering he is a cop . they assume he is not
water skiing , that is what i was doing today with my cousins
hi , my wife is a university professor
i am ok . i only have a little daughter .
i am currently unemployed but graduated top of the class
i did not go to college unfortunately
i like playing the piano . what about you ?
oh , that is alright you can practice and get better . are you employed ?
do you have any family members ?
how nice . my mom was a concert pianist
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you in ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i wish i could swim with the mermaids and explore the ocean depths.
do you have any hobbies ?
my boxer , hoodoo , and i say hello !
he loves classical music . i find it hard to exercise to . you have any hobbies ?
i love to travel . my father is in china , we visit often as possible . hoodoo likes baths .
it is . he gets slobber everywhere . what kind of dogs do you have ?
those are the best . i had a black lab . he was something else .
he was old , and passed from natural causes .
its always a painful process , but then another comes along to help heal the pain .
no , and i always think there is a little bit of the old dog in the new .
hi ! how are you today ?
actually i am totally into health food vegan and i work at smoothie shop
tough job ! you need to eat meat for that . i am just a college student .
ever grill ? do you like sports at all ?
yeah , i do watch sports on tv too college basketball .
what position did you play on the football team ?
how are you today ? i am just having some beer by the creek .
perfect , because i cannot eat these sunfish . they are pretty at least
i would but i am a pretty simple guy . do not dine out much .
ll i guess i do not . rather do beer and pizza with a campfire .
i have a great spot for riding , even put a bridge over the creek
i am not that into sports unless you count hunting and fishing . you fish ?
sounds like we are going to be good friends
i watch a lot of the nature channel and nat geo
hello , how are you tonight ?
ugh , that is horrid . i have to go to the gym later , do you workout ?
i fly kites in high wind , it is so thrilling .
she is so timeless ! i adore audrey hepburn .
she is a redhead . very pretty and very much her own woman in hollywood .
i do , i am one .
we truly do . do you watch sports ?
hey how are you today ?
oh okay my brother runs a studio
that is cool . one of my brothers lives in hollywood
i understand . i do not get to travel as much as i would like
that would be cool . my wife can not hear
it is not the same . i watch it with my 100 year old parents
i am so sorry . i am glad i still get to spend time with them
that is good . do you have siblings
sigh . i did not pass that audition i had earlier .
that stinks . i really think i have a real skill here , i do not understand .
i mean , i have always loved to cook . my entire life has been about it .
that is actually the show i tried out for . where are you from ?
that sounds beautiful . i have always been a sunset fan .
i wonder how she is these days .
i am so out of touch with new music . classic rock is life .
hey hows it going , tell me something about yourself
i am albert ! i am just relaxing with some netflix
monk , i love detective work . i was previously a lawyer when i was younger
i do not have a woman or kids , so its not so bad
i just watched it the remake , it was great
i am currently a judge , i see scary cases all the time
its an acquired taste i think
hows it going . i am here petting my doggy
like seriously or is this part of the scenario ?
that is crazy . youre a strong willed man . lets take a walk in the woods
i did not . i was gonna pull an old yeller on you
i have many animals . i am an animal enthusiast . i do not watch tv though
lucky you . the closest thing i have to family are ted talks
no i just listen to them haha . as background noise mostly
how are you doing today
eating my favorite tasty cheese
cheddar or something my age is below 46
here i hate really driving
have you heard of backstreet boys
i m really into their music
but i don t really like going to concerts do you
what else do you do for fun
hello , what do you do for fun ?
i love cars and motorcycles . not much into home decorating .
i love to travel in cars , or even places i can do extreme sports like ski .
sorry to hear that . do you have lots of family or pets to be with ?
wow , that is very dark . i hope you got counseling .
cats and some little dogs .
hi , how are you doing ?
that sounds nice . i am going to a concert this weekend .
that is great ! what concert ?
i am also going to foo fighters ! i love rock music
reddit is great , i found a good recipe for eggs and bacon on there .
that sounds rough . i spent my childhood on a farm so i am good with the eggs
it really was . i lived there until my family moved across the country on my 18th birthday
hey there . hows it going ?
not bad . i am just watching my favorite movie with my turtles . you ?
i see . how would you do ?
i like watching a few sports . i would prefer watching gone with the wind though .
i just got hired as a CNA ! i have to dye my hair before i start though . . .
ll . . . purple p apparently , its not appropriate for a nursing facility .
nice ! i guess i will go back to red . it is my favorite color .
it can be emotionally difficult but i like to help people in need .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing good , trying to keep warm
what is your favorite season ? yes i like tea .
my favorite season is summer as well . i also like spring time
i like to go out to eat , to the movies , walks around the park
i like art as well . i currently have opened my own online shop
good evening , how are you ?
just getting my 3 kids fed . its hard being bipolar but they are not picky on food .
true . specially since i could just eat hummus and pita bread every day . lol
i do . i like top 40 , pop , swing .
right on ! i am a am nurse . what do you do ?
very cool . does that keep you very busy ?
i would love to travel someday .
i know . i just got to find the time .
hello there . how are you this afternoon ?
doing well . just preparing a big meal for myself .
i am an expert at making italian cuisine .
i cook five different styles of cuisine .
wow . i would be happy if i could just speak spanish .
cooking is simple if you are willing to learn .
i work as a scientist , but i would much rather just play video games .
i lived in the city , no 4h for me .
hello there , how are you ?
that is nice , i have got a busy day ahead of me how about you ?
oh what do you do ?
nice ! i am a public affairs liaison in the national guard .
nope , i enlisted straight out of high school and worked up . I wish I could experience the camaraderie of serving in the National Guard.
us common folks were more than good enough for uncle sam .
hello . care for a chat ?
no . i do not . sorry taking so long . one handed typer here .
walked ! you must of been tired . too bad you could be like my hero flash .
bet you are happy now ? what season was it ?
nice i love summer . just do not like wearing those dresses .
i just cannot stand dresses . so you got any hobbies ?
hello , how are you tonight ? have you ate yet ?
hello , van . nice to meet you . i am mia . i watch my grandchildren.
i am in florida , my husband is a detective and we own an upholstery shop.
very nice . i live on the lake , it is so soothing.
i was going to go to school , but my daughter decided to start a family early.
not while they are toddlers . she and her husband both work and go to school.
i enjoy it , i am only 40 , maybe in a few years.
what kind of car do you drive ?
frank ocean and i are glad i tour skipped florida !
awesome . i almost bought my new mansion there but decided on daytona instead .
all my rapper brethren have one so i bought one ! come bake in mine !
no i am too busy driving my ferrari . you cannot touch that !
that is true . just not as cool !
well i have baked before but not food . . . . .
nice . do you like to teach ?
hello , do you like movies ?
i used to fish in tokyo , but i moved to los angeles .
yes very much . i came here to be actor , but i sing and dance too .
my family in japan . hard to talk to . but my dog love me very much .
oh no . sorry . that very hard . what do you do for work ?
wow blue eyes are pretty . are you in magazines ?
not yet . but i go by many magazine racks , while walking my dog after work .
hello , how are you today ?
surviving , i have to take lots of medicine to live .
it is what it is . i am not even 46 either , seems young .
i have not heard much of that . i do not listen to a lot of radio
i am sure there is . i hate driving , so the opportunity does not come much
i no longer work , i am paid disability . what do you study ?
that is interesting . what do you hope to do with that ? i love experimenting with cheese .
hello how are you doing , today , my name is phil
how did you guess i am stuck in remoteness past
i am not good with technology , but i sure i can find out
do you like outdoors , i sure do , maybe we go to the park
i am scared of skydiving , but love to go there and create videos
not even discovery channel , i work there
lydite , that is something new for me
hello how are you tonight ?
i am good but so annoyed with my landlord
he raised my rent . not cool . especially when i made in a pie
i do not but i bake with fruit . do you ?
that is really cool ! what do you grow ?
cool . i have been wanting to build raised beds too
i went to school at duke law with a super tall guy who had back issues
yes i am . another fun fact my birthday is december 25
hi there . tell me about yourself
i love cats but i am allergic to them
i am allergic to shell fish and i prefer eating at restaurants .
my mom has 500 different pairs of shoes . i only have 1 pair .
very true i like to read and have my back scratched .
i do to ! i have to use my scratcher i bought .
i have one that extends and is in the shape of a hand .
that is so cool . do you have a favorite restaurant ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thankyou for asking
what city are you from ?
i am in riverside . ever been ?
i used to but no more time
i am a graphic designer ugh
ugh cuz i sit on my but all day
hi there , how are you tonight ?
that is cool . not as cool as being able to jump straight up out of a pool
no , i am an optician , have amazing vision
yes i can , i have amazing eyes . i believe it is because i only eat fish .
i only like to eat fish . same for my parents , and we are all over 6 feet
pretty close except when we fight about politics . they do not agree with me being a democrat
honestly , i think we should all just get along , no matter our opinion
cool , what else do you love ?
hi there ! i love sewing . do you ?
fine ! i enjoy being alone with my cat on my lap !
what do you do ? i work at a cafe to wait tables .
my mom used to be a nurse .
oh , i am sorry . maybe you two can help each other sew . it is so relaxing
haha sew one for my cat
awe thanks ! i will let you hang out with my cat .
hi . i just got home . wish i spent more time here , so busy . how about you ?
my time is spent writing songs and playing in a band with my best friend .
that is fabulous ! i started lessons when i was five . how about you ?
it is so worth it . i cant imagine my life without music .
whoa . that is a lot of movies . how could you ever watch them all ?
what is your favorite movie to watch ?
lemonade mouth . they have a good band .
hello , what are you doing ?
just working on my action mystery book . almost ready for publishing .
a crime detective that uses the help of paranormal entities to solve cases .
yes . what do you do for a career ?
i am a literature teacher , though my father works for home depot .
sometimes . though i rather use spare time and embark on challenging hobbies , like puzzles .
yes , we are going to a country music festival soon . i love country .
by profession i babysit pets . what do you do ?
cool job . my hair is purple . what color is yours ?
well i walk dogs , so sort of .
the tale of genji is my favorite book . do you read ?
i am 29 years old . how about you ?
tell me about your parents . my mom died when i was 6 .
my father is a college professor . i am sorry your parents drive you nuts .
i am always cold i need iron bad
i am always cold i need iron bad
i like green leafy stuff i love kale
no you cannot lol only if its a gnc there maybe
it does not work an gnc is a store my babies are tiny lol
i love adam levin familar ?
2 , age 1 an 1 month i am nuts lol
hey , what are you doing tonight ?
no . i am not that old honestly .
what is the best thing a friend has ever bought you ?
a car ! i love my friends .
lol , i cannot drive anymore , i cannot even walk . you can have the car
some disabled people just cannot . i am one of those people .
that does not really make me feel any better . you cannot have the car now
i am sorry i wasted so much time on you .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am listening to katy perry , do you have a favorite song of hers ?
those are interesting . are you in it ?
you really do learn a lot . i shop online mostly .
i do too , i love podcasts . i listen to historical ones
i will , can you recommend any ?
history , science , plants , animals , crafts
i do not like meat i eat only vegetables
portland is where i live now two hour drive from seattle where is was born
my job has so much red tape .
i saw a band last week bon over is still the best band
i use to chat with my parents three times a day i was raised by them
i really have a good time they think young
no green eggs and ham for me no thanks
i am a cook and lost my pinky toe in a knife accident
i am sorry , that sucks .
haha lol the only time you can tell is when i go swimming
no pain a clean cut . but as a lawyer you could sue for me lol
oh ok , what kind are you ?
hi how are you tonight
i am good just chasing cheetahs right now
no it keeps me in shape i do it at the zoo
that is true i eat meat all the time though
that is true yes i do we could go out for some
i would love to stop in and try one
i love music of all types so yeah i understand that
good morning to you , whats going on today ?
oooohh , i am guessing he or she is mighty cute
sir , maybe you should give it a try , i believe you can do it
just be yourself and you will have her in your possession
first bait her in and then show her the real you
no , because there is more to you than just gaming
hi i just got home from a long day of work to my 2 cats
do you like books ? my cats weirdly like being read to
wow that is amazing i love reading the bible
well no but i am allergic to cats
yeah it does stink i like the taste of tuna
oh yeah me too but nobody understands it
no i have my own house
my hair is a wreck ! high speed does nothing for my curls.
i was going 208 on my motorcycle to get to my tattoo appointment.
an older harley. i run the local lady biker club. you want to join ?
never too young ! i can teach you to fight too so no one bullies you.
maybe you want to get a tattoo with me then ?
i am getting a picture from the original alice in wonderland book. circa 1920
i had a dog that would ride on my bike that passed recently at 17.
hi there ! do you go to college ? i go part time
oh wow , that is cool . i really like candy , i wish i could major in that
i love chicago , i study at ucla
when i do get some free time , i like to skateboard
tennis is cool , cant wear jeans tho , and i always wear jeans
family time is always great !
i only have one younger brother
hi , how are you ? what are your hobbies ?
i am fine , just a little anxious . i am nervous to go to a friends party
wow , that sounds nice . i like to run marathons .
i am afraid i will say the wrong things in front of people i do not know . i am 30 .
15 miles , i am working my way up to the full 26 .
we are celebrating a recent promotion they got . i do not know any of their coworkers
hello . what's your favorite food and drink? mine is bagels with everything and coke.
i am a dog trainer. after i eat and drink, i have to run, it's all really fun.
what department store. music is great.
Madonna is really good. I really like New Kids on the Block.
what do you do for fun?
just running and training dogs. if i have time i also love reading.
how are you today ? i am watching the weather really close .
yep , celebration . my husband , 2 kids , and i happen to be on vacation though .
yes we are . mostly concerned about flooding . so what do you do ?
oh wow . you should do that when done with school . i blog about lifestyles .
i love to go shopping for new styles . i was a cheerleader back in hs .
ll . i was a night owl back in the day . to hard to do with kids now .
hi ! i just got finished eating some pizza . how are you today ?
bacon , mushroom and onion . it is my favorite .
i know . i feel guilty at times . i have 2 dogs so . . . .
two shepards . i take them all over when i travel .
good here . i use to live by the beach when i was a kid .
i do . i take the dogs there when i can . its about 20 miles away .
sounds good . my doctor says i need to drink more tea , less soda .
hi , i just put my 2 kids to sleep . what are you doing ?
what do your parents do ? mine are teachers .
do it . i did mine while i was donating my time at my local animal shelter .
cool ! did you have any pets growing up ? i had 2 cats .
do you just go to school or do you also work ?
interesting , luis is your girlfriends name ?
interesting , luis is your girlfriends name ?
hey ! hows it going ?
awesome , kicking back watching a movie .
goodfellas . . de piro is a god !
i love skiing too ! i love winter and snow .
ca not say much , i do swimsuit contests , helps me collect for college .
seriously ! i am lucky to have a paid internship . i really need to save .
very nice , lots of money ! i am in business management . i work nights at the w hotel .
love it , really wish i had day shift thought ! graveyard sucks .
hi how are you ? i am eating dinner with my hubby and 2 kids .
that sounds delicious . do you like people ? i enjoy everyone except other drivers
oh that would drive me crazy ! do you work in telecom like my husband ?
fascinating ! do you paint mountains ? i climb them
my 2 daughters really like pink
i would love to see some of your work sometime . what else do you like ?
my husband and i like going out to movies . especially crowded ones
that is how i feel about driving . i wish everyone else would go away
hey you . what is going on ?
ah thank you ! what do you do for fun ?
you must be very talented . only musicals i make are with my armpits
i work in retail but i would rather be superman !
i would have loved to have met him when i was a kid
that is sad . do you have any fears ?
i am scared of heights .
hello ! how are you today ?
i am pretty good , just doing a little work for a brewery i work at .
not too many , when i visited asia there were but in europe not so much
oh no , that is not good !
haha , that is great . my wife will love that one
i do not ! me and my wife , gives us more time to go to the casino !
what a good mom !
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
do you work at mcdonalds ?
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
do you have any hobbies ?
hi , i teach in a school , you ?
very cool . when i am not teaching i enjoy dancing .
i read any history book i can get my hands on .
right on ! nutrition is very important .
i am diabetic so i understand .
i hear ya . it is hard tho .
i am close to the ocean and you ?
my feet feel comfortable with tennis shoes and that is what i wear daily
that is a great area , do you eat fish , i eat lots
do you have a boat , i have one and go sailing from time to time
you missing out , i will not go fishing with your cats if you come
do you get motion sickness ? i do sometimes .
i live in lake erie area .
that is good to know , the water is very calm here .
hello . tell me a little about yourself . i teach english in a secondary school .
one of my three children also makes songs with his armpits .
no twins . i went to college with twins . i graduated with a degree in secondary english education .
you can do it . what do you do for fun ? i like gardening .
i grow medicinal herbs out here in the suburbs of denver , co .
it is a nice side business that is taking me to new heights .
i am an english teacher . of course it was intended !
where do you live and when will you finish high school ?
hi , i just finished my morning bike ride . what are you doing ?
i am in my studio , having some tea . who are you cooking for ?
cool . i draw portraits , what do you paint ?
that is fun , i like to eat eggs and drink tea , you must be a good artist
do you paint or draw people when you do your artwork ?
do you like tea ? i like tea when i am trying to be creative
i love coffee too . i would love to meet you .
hello ! how are you today ?
doing great ! listening to the beatles and relaxing .
i like them . what do you like to do ?
sounds delicious ! i am a scientist .
molecular . i enjoy it for the most part .
not currently . just research studies . what do you do ?
oh yes , you said that . sorry , i am tired from gymnastics .
hi , i am tired from working my 3rd job i have had 3 jobs for 6 years .
cool . i wish i could afford my fav car which is a mustang by ford .
but since i do not have a car , i walk 3 miles to work every day .
i get wet . ll do you have any pets ?
i have a chihuahua and a pit . they do not always get along .
cool name . so what do you work ?
wonderful profession got to run , take care
howdy ! hope are well this fine day
i am planning to fix my corvette , i am a experienced mechanic you see . any plans yourself ?
do you go regularly ? do you have any hobbies ?
i love to surf as i am currently living on coast of California
it is fun ! lol . i personally prefer watching TV myself
how about a toaster ? lol
hi how are you today ?
i am good i am hanging out in my new mansion .
i am actually a rapper
thanks . i live in japan by the way
i like driving my ferrari . how about you ?
wow really . what is your favorite dish ?
do you exercise a lot then ?
hi there . how are you today ?
doing well . just listening to the beatles .
i am pretty shy . i do not get out much .
i would like to visit my family but we fight a lot .
my mother favors my other siblings and thinks i have no direction .
that is funny . how tall are you ?
i was always late to class . had to go to nurse to get medicine .
how are you this morning
it is chilly here where i am at
i love fall and winter they are my favorite
i hear you on that one
i love to bake and play sports
i love football my favorite teams steelers and seahawks
i do not know about basketball
i love some country music
what are your plans for tonight ?
no i have not . what is it about ?
that sounds interesting . i bet my husband would love it
his name is ken . he is an amazing man
my name is ellie . do you have any children ?
that is so amazing . i have a daughter who just had another baby recently
i do with my shop for custom upholstery
it is really rewarding work . what do you do ?
hello , how are you doing ?
i love eggs ! i eat about 6 of them every morning !
that is a lot of tea . do you have any hobbies ?
i read a lot of crime novels ! i love them
do you teach your students about animals ? my favorite animal are pandas
that is very interesting . love is great .
young love is wonderful and if it lasts its even better
hey how are you doing today ?
i was just swimming very fun .
i read my favorite fantasy novels , how many dogs do you have ?
i am retired from monsanto . wow are you a breeder ?
yes i know . basically i was not happy working there anymore .
i also spend time online shopping . architecture is great .
happiness and harmony . i do not care to be rich , but i would not turn it down .
oh well are you a man or woman ? i do have some standards grinning
hi , i am in texas . where are you from , if you do not mind my asking ?
cool . what kind of music are you into ?
biking not so much . here in texas it gets too hot for that .
ke ha is da bomb . still , country is big in texas of course .
carrots , lol . how do you prefer to eat carrots ?
how long have you been wearing contacts ?
that is cool . do you find that chicks dig the brown hair ?
if it works , run with it ! i have never done drugs . you ?
hey there how are you ?
i am just getting ready to get my nails done
no my husband is an attorney , i am a beauty queen .
oh no professionally , i use to compete .
we live in cali , love the weather , do you have cats ? or kids ?
i need to go visit my cousin there an i have a son owen .
my cousin is where you live
she has a cat but i am allergic .
hey i am jake whats your name ?
you to . . have you ever thought about being someone else before ?
sometimes i have thought but i am not sure of my place yet
ohh my sorry to hear that were you close to them ?
that is horrible i wish i was close with mine but nothing i do is ever good enough
i am not sure anything i do is fun . . u ?
i wish i was that interesting . i am usually just busy with business school .
my dad wants me to take over his company but i do not think i want to .
sometimes i wish i could paint like van gogh .
or write like victor hugo . i try . i write for hours and hours .
i will bet you make a lot of money . i need more money .
does he use a pencil or a pen ? i own over 100 distinct ballpoint pens .
how many times have you been to vienna ? or do you live there ?
down and out in keokuk , iowa .
hope they open that new software plant nearby . then i can have more money .
and 2018 , and 2019 , and from now until they invent something better !
hello ! it is such a nice night at home . i am hanging out with my cat oreo .
nice . where are you going to go ?
nice ! do you play basketball ?
ah , i am a swimmer . i suck at basketball .
i have done open ocean swims but no surfing . i have a purple wet suit .
do you own this pink ferrari ?
just a honda civic . nothing fancy
nice . i have dogs so my dog would probably destroy a ferrari . that would be sad .
hello , how are you today ?
i am am great . i am still in school where i get good grades .
what type of place do you work ? i hope to become a veterinarian .
i love all animals , but especially dogs .
just pets , and studying . i have a few years of high school left .
not really , have you traveled to where there are cool wild animals like elephants ?
hey ! just got back from an awesome hike with my dogs . whats up ?
i am doing well . i took my two border collies on a new hiking path today .
get one ! when i move to a new state soon , they will be my only pals .
sad i love my dogs ! i am an artist and i do pet portraits .
very cool . i should start an online shop . i could publish in French or English !
nice ! it sounds like we have some similar interests in the arts .
good afternoon , what is it you do for fun ?
i am with you on that what ways have you had fun ?
are you in school ? i did not get to go and i want to go .
sesame street ? what were you doing on there ?
oh wow , you were enjoying yourself huh ?
i would like to visit some foreign places but afraid to fly
the elevation is too high for me .
i grew up on a farm so we did not go many places .
i have prius while hiking up a mountain
i do too but my ginger snaps
i do nothing i am reach
wow that is cool . are you canadian i love them they are pretty ?
no i am asking if you are from canada ?
hot dogs again the one that i meet also do that .
lol i know i just read it a while ago what is your name again ?
you are not answering my question i can report you .
why is it make you to long to reply youre wasting my time .
yeah right i hope you will not be the one who will answer later .
maybe change your network or something
what do you mean by that ?
hi how are you today ?
well i do play some pretty good trumpet
fun fun fun only fun
oh not nice at all
right now my highschool has a band that i am in
i am in 9th grade
math is my favorite subject
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good . just working on building a computer . my hobby .
lol , i like sleeping too .
interesting . how much school do you have left ?
great ! keep it up ! i did not finish college .
cool . i went into the army instead . xd
oh , that is good . it is hard . . . .
oh , that is what i meant . xd
how are you doing this lovely evening ?
probably not even though i could have gone pro .
i like green and red . reminds me of christmas . you
summer is almost about to end . you must feel sad !
i am not sure . do you think we have purpose ? does the universe have a purpose ?
i work in the it field . its challenging .
sure just bring it to your local geek squad !
i am not a big fruit fan . i like eating raw meat . do you like sushi ?
hello how are you today ?
i am not a big fan of fights . but i do love to ski .
i love traveling especially to Mexico .
i have bought a few of those from a tourist shop for my kids
wow . . . . . . . . have you went to HR about your boss .
well maybe you really should .
oh ok next subject . any hobbies ?
hello , i am enjoy some crisp country air . what about you ?
congratulations ! i wish i had gone to school instead of being a wild child in my youth .
i am sure you will do great . i am kind of jealous . i love the city .
i like visiting there but i hope my next trip will be to ireland .
i am going with my two dogs . they are the only family i have .
did you bring back any souvenirs ?
that is one of my favorite colors along with red .
hey there how are you today
i am doing pretty good . just practicing my electric violin right now
yea i love it . i am an accountant by day , violinist by night lol
which one ? lol accounting no . music yes
oh nice . so youre obsessed with coffee i take it ? lol
that is cool . always good to like what you do
yea . you have any hobbies or pets ?
i mean i have got a koi pond with one koi named spot lol
hi , i waste my time a lot
rock music rock music rock muc
eating . . . i am way too ft
ok , that sounds really good
no i am a bum lol
my name is really very scary
very scary i told you .
yes yes it is . yes
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
that sounds good . i am a pilot from nevada , currently residing in nm .
i am going out to cle for a few days .
i love dogs , we had one at the orphanage .
i joined the air force , that is where i learned how to fly .
snakes are the only thing i am terrified of .
oh , i am and will admit it , lol
those I can live with .
hello , how are you this morning ?
i like the cooler weather , as i camp this time of year .
my dad and i fished year round , now it is only me .
thank you , i would like that . i have a boat . yes , i do . it is very soothing .
nice car ! i have a vintage mustang , my dad built it for my mom .
my uncles do that with their semi trucks . it is hysterical to see rudolph on the grill .
my favorite holiday is halloween .
hello how are you today ?
you must really like tea
right it is like the mushrooms from mario
bugs are cool , have you seen the easter bunny ?
i have seen that big eared bunny
i do not always use protection either . . . bad life choices .
i do not know , i do not learn sometimes
my mom works at the grocery store
hello from pittsburgh where i live
nice . i love concerts and italian food my favorite
when i am not working as a librarian or volunteering at the animal shelter
yes from scratch . i am sure that is hard to make when you are camping
yes when i can . flying from pittsburgh allows easy travel .
that is a long trip on a paddle board from the US to Europe
if there were no sharks involved yes
i am sure it would.
i washed my car today , i love the shiny red finish !
it is so hard finding a red purse that matches my car exactly .
wow ! red shoes are my thing , can you find them in your size ?
i could not imagine not being able to wear my red lipstick !
i change my haircolor often , sometimes even purple or red !
i do not think my next car will be red , easier to coordinate with !
oh yes , i agree ! just kind of hot , i live in the desert .
hi , what have you got planned for today ?
sound good whos playing ? i am just going to play some computer games tonight .
have a great evening ! what do you play ? i am into dungeons and dragons .
can't believe it's nearly halloween already ! i am off to Canada to celebrate there.
that is a bit kooky . although i do love purple and that tends to be on the insides !
now that is a reason to learn how to crochet.
hi , i do not really want to
i am great all the way
i live on the coast
i am more of a steak myself
well i am sorry i love you
ok , except i am already married
they are quite happy with me
i like being a vega
i am an adopted child and work in accounting .
i ride ed the horse when i can . you sing ?
great ! you believe in love ? i do not .
that is funny . i do not have brother or sisters . you ?
hmmm . accounting is my field . whats yours ?
oh okay . you sing . my horse ed sing when i ride him . you married ?
no . love is a misunderstanding between two fools . you agree ?
okay . you adopted ? i am .
hello i am juan carlos . professional translator by trade .
that is great i am unemployed so i have time to write .
i am writing a novel i hope to get it done this year .
that sounds really neat great to have things you're passionate about
just writing really . kind of got burned out on translating .
no kidding . do you have any hobbies ?
i like the outdoors too .
that sounds nice like a great place for writing !
i love going to the island of jamaica
i am in the business of selling vacations
oh wow , what kind of games do you like ?
do you like to workout ? i enjoy going to the gym .
sometimes it can be nice to read a book while riding a stationary bike !
it does make the time go by faster , kind of like when you play video games !
i like yellow too , but my very favorite is blue , it is so calming
hello my name is ray
i just started a new job cleaning out house gutters
i like to listen jess greenberg while i clean out gutters , from florida
i am going to ride my motorcycle to toronto , but it is not a harley
i like to eat food that is high in carbs , my doctor tells me not to
i like fish , but with mashed potatoes
i like video games , mostly donkey kong
not really i do not why this chat has not stopped yet ?
hi ! how are you ? worlds best aunt here ! do you have any nephews nieces ?
nice ! do you already think she is the one ?
good luck ! do you work or study ? i am in grad school , graduating this year !
me too like the outdoors , especially with my dog ! gosh , i love my dog ! any pets ?
do you cook and what food ? that could help you with the lady !
great ! i enjoy italian and like to cook it .
hello there ! how are you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work in business . my work just gave me free tickets to hockey game !
i live in nashville . you ?
i have never been there ! have you always live there ?
wonderful ! do you like any sports ?
hey , jefferson here , what is up ?
i am browsing the web , trying to buy some vintage furniture .
wow that is very cool . would you need a bass player at that shop ?
and i like collecting things like stamps too , so it would be great at comedy shows .
yeah i have a whole lot of comedians in a massive cd collection that i have .
sounds fun ! what are you doing with your time ?
oh , is that how you make a living ?
that is great , i wish i had enough time to give back to the community
hello there ! how is your day going ?
pizza is delicious . how have you spent your day ? i have been reading .
what is your family life like ?
wow . that is a lot of cats . i have 5 siblings
why do you have that much baby food ?
that is an interesting hobby . i go to the beach a lot .
odd . did you go to school ?
oh . i earned a masters degree .
hello how are you tonight
nice . i just got my 3 kids to bed .
i squeeze my 3 kids in my little honda civic haha no soccer van here
nice car . i walk a lot too , i love walking
oh cool i run down to my best friends house all the time . she lives close .
light blue just like my grandmother that i am named after
aw sorry to hear that . were you guys close ?
hey how is it goin tonight
taking it easy looking at shark tank thinking about city council
that is awesome , i have goats on my 5 acres
i like to look at animal planet
that is great we need that , i am very active in my community helping the youth
that is right i am very passionate about it
yeah , i am very active on the city council
hey how are you doing ?
nothing i just do not like tofu .
interesting , i listen to Van Halen in my Prius .
that is good , i usually listen to music on my way to the law firm .
i went to grad school while stay at home wife would be home .
well i hope you're ready for anything to happen as I am in my owned home .
i hope she is too
hello . how are you doing ?
i enjoy working as a nurse at the hospital . very fun to me .
cool ! where do you live ? i live in grand rapids , michigan .
yes . i am the youngest out of five children .
cool ! do you like the color pink ? my hair is pink .
i am allergic to hair dye , so i use something else . also , bees i am allergic to .
yes . definitely . honey gives me a stomach ache too .
hi . . how is your weekend going ? ?
night is still young . . partying
great . . whare aare you from ? ?
i am from boston ma
music . . we have a rock band
both . . sometimes covers and some time new
hey what is poppin my man ?
what are you studying ? watching a movie here .
i am watching my favorite movie . its called goodfellas . have you seen it ?
how lame th . what do you do for a living ?
i work for a greeting card company . as a proofreader .
a few months . i love it . because of how much reading is required .
well , i love reading . i guess i am just that fabulous .
sometimes . but only when its not football hockey season .
hi there , how are you ?
what a coincidence ! sushi is my favourite food .
cali ! tell me more about yourself .
i have a very huge love for all dogs .
almost everything in my room is blue , it happens to be my favourite color .
i finally bought my own car a few weeks ago !
i am going to go everywhere
that sucks . sorry about that .
hey ! hows it going tonight ?
that is awesome ! i am in band at school ! sometimes i skateboard after practice .
whats going on ? i am watching greys anatomy lol my favorite !
haha that is so funny ! great minds ! ! ! do you have lots of friends ?
haha i love my friends . i think my mom is my favorite person though !
oh no ! ! ! whys she terrible ?
i am sorry . that is hard . jesus cares though !
he will always care . seriously . he will never leave you .
hi
good what are your hobbies
cool i like anime
that is cool ! i love gardening its so relaxing
do you have a stressful job ?
oh wow that does sound stressful
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am taking care of my kids .
me and my husband have three kids .
we were high school sweethearts .
i am a big soda fan . what do you like ? five years
do you like the band the Rolling Stones ?
i am a big Pepsi fan myself .
anything else you would like to share ?
hello , how are you today ?
i great thanks ! i love cinnamon rolls !
i am a middle school teacher for 8th grade students .
i do not know how to bake , but i enjoy singing in the church choir on sundays .
i like to read the bible to them . i also read before going to bed .
oh no ! what is your favourite clothing brand ? mine is donna karen .
that sounds great , and affordable !
perhaps your name is jesus ?
hi there , how are you ?
what you doing ? i am busy too although i wish i could sleep . love sleep
i have never been there ! i spend too much on shoes . just bought some new sneakers
nikes . they feel great ! ! walk down the street listening to rap music . feel so cool
i have been there . i learned about ergonomic keyboards and chairs there . new found passion
sure , i like to sleep a lot though . not really the adventurous type
how about rap music ? its so good
hello
how are you
i am good . settling into the school year as well . i am a psychologist at a school .
which sports ? i am not very athletic , geocaching is my idea of fun
nice . what are you studying at uni ?
cool . that
how are you today
i am doing good how is the weather where u are
it is hot where i am at
i do not give that type of information out
i am to old to party i have kids my party days are over
it is sad what happen in las vegas
yep you cant go to a concert with out getting shot
how are you doing today ?
beets taste like dirt . i like only grapes
i feel sorry for you . i like grapes because i love red wine
i work at carters selling baby clothes
that is a very good show . my hobby is gardening
i do not grow them . i think they are the worst
really ! do you like them a lot ?
i cant ever like them they are nasty
hi , how are you today
i am well , just finished cooking . you ?
interesting , what is it about ?
what do you do for a living
nice . i have been cooking since i was three . i would love to own a restaurant
that is what i need , a gym membership
nothing wrong with being healthy . i like criminal minds
i hate my coworker and believe marriage will be better the second time .
i see . i am in a open relationship because of my boyfriend herbert . you sing ?
wow ! i been at my job 10 years . you still in army ?
oh okay . will you marry your boyfriend ? i will not marry mine .
really ? my coworker was promoted over me ! i hate her !
why do guys hate you ? you saying men cannot handle women bosses ?
hmmm . what about you ? do you have an open relationship ?
great ! can female bosses function in construction ?
did you make it to practice ?
i am talking about football practice
well wish us luck in the playoffs
the raves . are you on any team ?
which casino do you bet at ?
what games do you bet on at the casino ?
do you burn in the daylight ?
hello how are you today ?
i am doing well just driving to my house that i just bought
its very nice a lot of friendly people
i just moved to colorado if i ever move again i will check that place out
wow that sound awesome i love fresh fruit so does my wife
i agree we need more farms for food otherwise we will run out
i have a mba degree in farming as well
hi , my names todd . whats yours ?
oh , are you an adult ? cuz i am only 8 years old . todays my birthday .
the theme of the party is superman cuz he is my favorite superhero . u do not know your parents ?
sorry . no biggie . lots of comic book heroes do not know their parents .
superman was adopted and he turned out great . except fot the last movie .
cool ! my dad says its ok to be afraid as long as it does not freeze you .
he should buy comic books . that will help him . i love them !
cool , can you send me drawings of superman your dad did ?
hi how are you today ?
i like to sing mostly . some barbershop , some rap
cool what sports do you like ? mine is basketball
cool what is your favorite season ? mine is winter
awesome idea ! favorite hobby ? this blue eyed girl is napping lol
i do enjoy crafting too !
i make wineglass candles and snow globes
it is ! what is your favorite color ? mine is pink
hello there
that does sound crazy . do your kids like sesame street ?
i was actually the first test child for sesame street , way back when
there is a chance , though i have not been in front of a camera in years
yikes , 2 kids and attending at the er , that is more than a crazy day
that is nice . its good to have a physical outlet .
i really enjoy studying languages , currently know 6
good morning ! i am feeding my cat . how about you ?
that is cool . mine hangs out with me at starbucks . my favorite spot !
lucky ! i have to eat subway . of all restaurants that one is my favorite fast food .
yes . i work at a little figurine shop . i also collect them . do you collect ?
that would help me out a lot ! do you work ? or just born rich ?
that must be such a fun life to live ! any kids ? married ?
i have a husband and 7 kids . we also have the dog .
hello there ! how are you ?
i am a bit tired today . the kids kept me up all night last night .
oh nice ! hope you have some good snacks !
i am jealous . although i really need to lay off the snacks .
i am far too busy online shopping to sleep ! i need to look my best always
old enough to have 2 kids
i was not trying to be smart . my apologies !
hi hows it going with you
i have been hiking all day so i am relaxing . you like the outdoors ?
that sounds nice . i am personally a dog person
that sounds like it would be entertaining . you are a music fan ?
nice . i like to listen to french music sometimes
cool maybe she will teach you
hi there , how are you ?
you are welcome ! whats your favorite kind of music ?
cool . i love rock , alternative , rap , you name it . i just do not like country or jazz .
i am a gym trainer . i spend lots of free time there too . you ?
awesome . i hope you make it big ! favorite tv shows ?
i love that show too but my favorites are forensic files and jeopardy .
hello there how are you ?
i am trying to build a business online
a store for my art , do you have any hobbies ?
awesome , do you enjoy it
i meditate and that channels money to me . how about you ?
bad girls club ? or something classy like honey boo boo ?
its fun to ski , do you like to ski ?
everyone calls me mary and i live in colorado
colorado is cold right now , but its great in the spring .
i live near denver because its easy to get one direction tickets there .
when i am not listening to one direction , i think hiking is fun .
summer time is the best time to hike in colorado .
working out and doing cardio is great while i listen to one direction .
rock music is great while i am hiking !
hey there . how are you ?
i have my mba it is worth it . are you in college ?
it will pay off , i own my own house now
that is a good thing , just visualize it
i am busy a lot , but i like driving in my blue car . you ?
you will have your day , i too struggled , but i am now married
i feel like you will some day
yes , i have two girls
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i am good just finished baking some pecan pies .
neither , just a single baker trying to survive .
nice ! wish i had it know my rent is increasing due to my landlord .
i am so sorry to hear . what would you like to be doing ?
you could do it . all you have to do is go for it .
well you can always downsize your home and do what you want to do .
hi !
you have got to listen to imagine dragons , i bet my life . its the best !
i am a musician but i also work as an accountant . how about you ?
well do you like music ? like do you play ?
i am not either , that is fine . you should just start practicing
i would say orange . . . like the color of koi . how about you ?
how are you ? do you have any kids ?
yes ! a bunch ! well 4 one on the way and a dog haha
we live in the country so there is not much else to do , i am a housewife .
haha i bet not ! i never have a break
they are indeed ! i am loosing my mind
he is a pretty amazing man . he is such a great dad
awww i am sorry , that is awful
that is a great way to look at it , perhaps someone amazing will come along
how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
that sounds fun . i am an actor .
action movies i also star in a telenovela and do some commercials
watch sports . how long have you played baseball ?
has your team won a championship ?
are the people overseas friendly ?
do you take your family with you when you play far away ?
that is good . i always bring my family on set with me .
i would like to play guitar in summer time
sorry , i do not have restaurant . do you play guitar
sure . do you like john grisham movie
i like to eat with my girl friend , she is very pretty
but i do not like to read book , but she have the habit to read book
no idea about that , generally i hate to read books
i like only john grisham movies
no , i do not like to look , i like to eat
hello there , how's it going ?
doing pretty good , sipping a beer and listening to some classic rock to unwind .
sounds like a good time . What are you designing ?
ah , gotcha . i am in marketing for a pretty big company , myself .
it's one of the major car companies
for sure . if you have car trouble , I work on cars in my spare time
hi ! how are you ? google is the best employer !
google ? you have not heard of google ? why are you sleepy ?
i see . next you are going to say you have not heard of google's self-driving car
well , i worked on that self-driving car research . i am into computers , techie things
how old are you ? what do you do for fun ?
i like to read about science and math and do nerdy things
anything logical and rational , i will eat what do you like to eat ?
sounds good ! do you share that food with someone ? are you married ?
hi there ! do you read ? i am an aspiring author .
i played cod for years ! now i write stories instead of pick up the sticks .
tough career . you must love helping people . i can write about you .
i could brew some tea and you could dictate stories to me .
nothing wrong with that . i sell used books when not writing .
what do you hunt ? i could write a story about that !
deer jerky would go good with a dark tea .
i love tea . books and tea . pretty boring . you cook what you hunt ?
hey whats your favorite rap star
do you live in the city i live on a big farm
only clubs we have here are for country music
yep i drive a semi , its big
no languages , i am a redneck with a big old beard
i wish i could have studied after i graduated
yep it gives me a chance to listen to all the new artists
hola ! hows it going ? where are you from ?
cool ! i am from mexico . what do you do for a living ?
how fancy . i used to be a chef , but i teach now .
i do not know if i could go on one , and leave my cats .
i have two cats . i like taking them on walks .
haha , i bake too much to be a small size .
i would love to have a baking buddy
hello ! how is your day going ?
fun ! good day for me . busy with my five kids . what kind of dance ?
i love cats ! i draw them a lot as one of my hobbies
they are cute . i visit my friends house a lot and she has pets
cool ! what color ? my friend just got me a new gadget and i love it !
glad you are happy . it is a 3d printer ! gadgets are my favorite
what was the costume ? that is amazing ! i like to draw . maybe i will get one
i bet it took a while but was worth it .
what a great day for shopping what are you up to
listening to some katy perry . she is so good
do you draw for a living ? i do retail .
no way ! i love art , especially on clothes
your mother must be proud
4 siblings ? wow that must be fun at the holidays
what do you like to drink ? i am a diet coke fan .
its the only soda i drink ever since i started my weight loss goals
i am six feet tall , lets see if you are worthy of joining my collection .
cool . my hair is purple and i kidnap homeless people .
basically keep them in my house like human pets . because i am that damn smart .
whatever . what simple business do you own , lay person ?
i find that insane . are you taller than me ? my height is 6 feet .
if you were homeless i would reject you . i only collect small humans .
i am too smart to be homeless . i have an iq of over 160 .
the homeless think that my purple hair is berrys or something
i just got back from a tennis match and have to study . how are you ?
no kidding ? ! before i was in law school , i skied outside chicago .
you were good though . do you read ? i enjoy suspenseful books .
escaping is good . i hang out with my two brothers over beer for an escape .
wow ! i remember 20 graduating college in chicago . now i am in law school .
sweet , friends ! that is why i like mystery books so much , they are like cases .
come over to seattle . we will have your first beer together .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing great . came back from shredding and now looking for food .
i like bikes and the guitar , do you like to hike ?
the country is amazing . i love looking at the landscape .
i do not eat meat , so dining is limited .
i prefer to read the classics
what kind of music do you like ?
i love rap , tupac is my favorite .
how are you doing today
i am great . i wish that i could hang out with paps now .
no . i like to sing though .
my choir and i like to invest our time in it
i work out at home
why do you do that
oh it is great to stay in shape
well finally out of the water , now to rebuild
texas home of the houston rockets
ya after i get my house in order i will work 60 hour weeks in construction
i hope she is gonna be ok
oh no i hope they can fix it where you at
i have 3 boys , i play in a band . our sound is like imagine dragons
2, 5, 7. did you run in high school
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
pretty good , cannot wait for the weekend .
nothing too exciting . what will you be doing ?
oh , i am so jealous , i love the outdoors , especially parks . what beach ?
oh that sounds nice . chicago has great museums .
definitely . i might do some reading this weekend .
oh , that sounds nice . i use a wheelchair so that can be difficult .
no , unfortunately i am not very close to too many people .
hi , how are you ? my profession is yoga instructor . what about you ?
as it seems , we have busy life . what do you do on your spare time ?
i write poetry and listen to ed sheeran . he is my favorite singer .
i am trying to be more health conscious , but i am sucker for an ice cold coke .
ll ! any plans for tonight ? i am watching legally blond . love romantic comedies .
yes , what is your favorite romantic comedy movie ?
he can make you float . everything floats down there . ll ! !
how are you doing today ?
that is nice ! i am reading some
a sci fi novel . what color are your eyes ?
have you ever tried any of those contacts . they have the color red
they have all kinds of designs that make your eyes look magical
i want to buy more art supplies
i draw and paint i want to try and make candles too
hi ! do you like cats ? i own four of them
true , except when that show with the scary clowns is on ! i am scared of them
ooh , i have actually never seen that show
nice . my sister in canada does cosplay , every fall i visit her
you could probably take the subway there , i do to work every day
its not so bad , actually what scares me more is meat because i only eat vegetarian
good day ! how are you ?
i am great ! just got done playing some piano .
i can teach you ! can you dance ?
how about singing ? i sing and dance !
i love iced tea . when i stay up late , it is my go to drink .
that is great . what else do you do ?
4 sisters ! lot of gossip , makeup , and clothes , right !
wuss poppin b ? whats good with you
took you long enough ! what do you do ?
very cool . you sing any rock ? that is my favorite type of music
cool , did not ask ! do you like trucks ?
oh ! cool . whats your fav food ever ? !
really confused as to why youre saying these things . my gramps was in wwii
oh sorry , its lagged ! but yummy . my fav is steak
that is ok ! we can all like different things . can you swim ?
what is your favorite kind of flower ?
wow you really like flowers ! i love roses .
cooking what ? i am vegan
my cat jasper keeps jumping on my keyboard !
really ? did you get the gig ?
next time wear orange its my favorite good luck color
hi am race and i am a professional piano player .
that is amazing . i do not speak any languages . i am starting to bald .
i am a single mom . and it is not bad . i hate the fragrance of flowers .
i just ran into jimmy fallon the other day .
he is a great man and kind .
no it was a brief moment . we are good friends
depends on my location and tout dates
it is i hope you do the same !
i love to write when i have time
i am on a diet , because i eat too much junk food
do you exercise ? i exercise while playing video games
i write while i work overnights at a hotel after i exercise
push ups , sit ups , punches , kicks .
you have great sense of humor , but you can do half push ups
hello ! have you read any good books lately ?
no , i only like books by nicholas sparks . he is my favorite .
yes , he is really the best . my mom used his books to teach me to read .
are you very overweight ? me too because i cook so much .
i am sorry that happened to you . are you married ?
i met my wife at my cleaning company . you will find someone if you want !
i sure do ! what do you do ?
that sounds like the best job ever !
how are you on this fine day ?
well that is cool , i do not do much reading . looking forward to church tomorrow ?
well i drive a truck down here , but my passion is singing in the church choir .
oh i will just be at home with my three kids . they are the reason i drive trucks .
yep , not going to have them growing up in the trailer park like i did .
the twins are 9 , and baby willie is just 15 months . got any yourself ?
sure do , we have a dog named boss . he is a big brute . what about you ?
nope , no cats , the dog would eat them . what about you , what are your plans tonight ?
hi , i am albert , how are you ?
good , i am tried work is hard
i work at a court house as a judge
but i am moving to a federal court house next week , and you ?
i give everyone a second chance
my last job was good to , i was a lawyer .
what do you do for a living ?
hi , i just got home from work , how are you today ?
i had an accident and broke my leg so i am glad to be home .
i remember that too , teen spirt that was cool back in the day .
that is sad my dad works for the new york times as a journalist, I wish I had pursued a career in journalism like my dad.
my older sister wears that too her name is mary .
lol i have heard that most people get their license that way .
where do you live ? i live in arizona
and it is always so hot here , i am getting sick of this weather
hey , there ! how are you ?
very good ! i am just making my travel plans . . .
i am thinking about heading over to switzerland
italian food is delicious ! do you have hobbies ?
you seem like you have a kind heart i like skiing ! !
it is very fun i learned how to ski in russia , the place i was born
you must be an avid reader ! do you listen to rock n roll too ?
please tell me you like trains ! i love everything about trains .
thomas the tank is my favorite . maybe that will change when i turn 10 .
i have 3 best friends , but my cat just died last week . so , i am sad .
how old are you ? my daddy has a train we can both play with .
i just learned to read . we can be friends and i will read about trains .
neat ! i am glad you are my friend . do you have a pet ?
my cat used to play in my dads train set . one time , he broke an engine !
he had to stay outside for rest of the day . where do you live ?
hi how are you today
do you eat any other food ?
where do you work at
wow do you have a lot
nice do you eat salsa
i eat it but mostly candy
yeah sweets are delicious to me
yeah are you good at anything
hi how are you tonight
not too bad was a long day
i am from north dakota and you ?
oh nice . do you like seafood ? i cant stand it
haha agreed . are you in shape ? i am way too skinny like bone skinny
that is a good job tho
its good to have a job planned out for sure
makes sense to want to help
good morning how is it going
great , i really enjoy doing shopping online
i work like 5 days a week never worked on the weekend
i go to yoga on tuesday and to the pool on thursday for 3 hours
i have a busy week although i do not have children
its a beautiful day out today
its kinda windy though but nice
it seem like its going to rain
hello there . how are you ?
i need to do mine . it is all dirty from hiking up volcanoes .
i may . after i finish my ginger snaps .
my hair is black and gray .
that sounds pretty . i sometimes relieve myself on the roses .
i am also quite attracted to canadian women .
hard to describe . they smell like syrup .
i am always hungry for waffles .
hello ! how was your weekend ? i hung out with my twin jessica .
we had dinner ! fried chicken . yum my fav .
nice ! i have to go back to work tomorrow ugh working at southwest .
i am actually a pilot . its amazing . do you have children ?
i have one son whom was born blind
yes , of course ! have you ever been to a concert ?
yes , a few too . the first time i ever saw my wife was at a tickleback concert
do you think that 2 years is very long to be dating ?
if you will be looking for a daycare , i work at one .
wow ! that is almost an entire team !
how little are your little ones ?
i am a student , business admin is not what i thought it would be .
i do not want to be a dentist like my dad , that is certain !
possibly a teacher , my mom has been doing that forever .
hello how are you today ?
i have never been a painter . too boring . i prefer exercise
i do like pink . . especially in my makeup choices
i love coffee . and exercise . and my nice smile d
what do you like to draw ?
what kind of pasta ? i love alfredo
that now that sounds exciting !
i am off to writing school , awesome !
sometimes i assist her to sort novels in the library !
well my mom is a librarian so no
one day i would like to be a journalist !
reading fantasy novel and poetry are my true loves !
i hate pass and i am off to school for writing , so i should know !
hello there how are you ?
i am great thanks . do you have any plans today ?
i love going for walks and i am near a beach . so i guess me too
i like sour foods and spicy foods . where are you from ?
i am american too . what part are you in ?
i like books as well , but mostly suspense .
hey i got 3 cats and candy is favorite ! ! ! !
yeah , whats the worst movie you ever had to sit through ?
nice , reading is way neat . i have to read for work . i work for ups
is not it weird to see the read and read in the same sentence .
love fish . you like kale or apples more ?
i like your style . the green giant would be proud
going to see . . . my sweet honda civic ? got tint too . .
you ever been stabbed in the face ? you sing ?
i love blue so much i colored my hair . you like blue ?
you ever ran from a pack of wild dogs ? just asking .
my dog hates listening to elvis . now he dead . you like elvis right ?
cats have nine lives . i wonder how many we have . you like blue shoes ?
blue hair , blue car and fave color blue . what else is blue ?
they were . ever had a bird peck your head ?
no . yes . you ever see elvis in a cloud ? i have .
hello , how are you doing ?
oh , i love gardening , although i am color blind and cannot see the flowers very well !
do you travel ? i speak three languages . hello , bonjour , hola !
any kids ? i have two of them .
oh , i love pie . what kind of pie ?
excellent , i love both of those .
that sounds good , i love a good breeze . do you like music ? i love rush .
hello , its me . i have been wondering if you would like to chat about some things .
it was good . i jammed out to pop music all day .
i am sorry , my parents both died while riding the bus .
i love golden retrievers . i love the fluffiness of their tails . it is my favorite thing
fluffy is my favorite word of all . that sounds amazing .
yes , everywhere is a hiking trail .
hi , do u have interest in making short films
oh yeah . i have been in news so many times
for being a participant in civil war and tell me about yourself
oh good . how do u manage ?
yeah . i love traveling . do u ?
oh great ! i travel with my mom who is a celebrity .
she is a famous writer . i like reading books .
good job . my best wishes for your successful career .
hello there . what are you doing ?
does nike make skateboard shoes ?
too bad , i love skating . what do you love ?
my coworker plays soccer . she is so cute .
i do not work , i am a part-time student studying programming .
i prefer not to say . i am far too casual for that stuff .
no , i do not like big cities . i am a country person .
i have a huge ramp in my backyard . do you have a hobby ?
how are you doing today
what do you do on the farm
how many pigs do you have
that would be so sad
where do you want to live
that would be nice for you
i like to play games . do you ?
what are you allergic to
hi there ! i just had some of my favorite snack that i love , honey !
i also like talking to random strangers .
i like reading , watching movies , traveling , and photography .
no kids . but my favorite animals are monkeys . . . they can act like kids
i would love to live at the beach . i was born at the beach .
you live on maui ! that is so amazing ! can i come visit ?
i work for the city parks department as a gardener .
yes it is . although winters are brutal .
hello how are you today ?
i love kesha the singer
do you like eating pudding ?
it gives me a lot of gas
i know i need an rx
medication for my gas problem
it is fine we live in texas
sure it is hot tho
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing pretty good too .
what is great about winter ? it is really cold , and terrible for those without a home .
i suppose that is a plus if you like feeling cozy !
my mother is a christian camp counselor and my father owns a restaurant . yours ?
sounds like it ! what about you , what do you do ?
that is a good choice , you can make a lot of money in that field .
i would love to help eliminate poverty . i donate to charities but it is not enough .
my fav color is yellow
my daddy is dead an my boyfriend is in army
lol oh yea , i play the piano
i like that lol share it
like yellow ? i do i like tulips alot
i like when someone is sharing the world with me
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am well , just sitting at starbucks having my morning coffee . how are you ?
usually i drink my morning coffee in my rose garden . what are your hobbies ?
fun ! do you have any pets ?
i do too , i have a cat pickles . where are you from ?
no , i am from new york . my parents actually met at woodstock !
hi , i am todd , i have my superman cape on
i guess if my mom would let me
what super hero do you want to be ?
i bet your mom was like catwoman
does vegan mean you do not want to be a super hero ?
i would want to be superman . . . . with blue glasses . . . . updated look
i like justin seiber . . . not sure what a concert is
oh , i like sesame street and the count is my favorite person
hi how are you tonight ?
just on the old internets . what book ?
i will have to remember that . hobbies ?
i like driving my 3 Ferraris
because i stole them from my 3 ex wives
not for me . gimme them cars .
where did you move to ?
i am sorry to hear that . my dad was an actor
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing ok . tell me a little about yourself .
i am an accountant , started a new job 3 months ago .
yes . i also just started to be a vegan . thought i would try it out .
yes it would be . only been doing it a few days .
yes , i bought a painting by bob ross and paid via bitcoin .
great , bob ross is my favorite .
yes , my mom taught me about bitcoin since she has her own brand in fashion .
hi
what do you do for a living ?
that is cool i am a college student
lol
very much so
are you married ?
and youre a secretary . i thought u were a girl
hey there its almost winter how are you ?
awesome ! i like to run over anything else !
really ? you in mexico that is cool
i like to take a swim also
really ? i like to in the am over nights
i bet it does i like apples alot also
why the guilt with apples ?
namaste . my name is lucy . how are you ?
oh eww . with eating so much salad i know how that is .
oh geez . i teach yoga so am pretty fit . do you work ?
oh i see . i am more of a naturalist. If I could, I would spend more time hiking in the beautiful nature around my city.
in the city . so i do not get into nature often .
that seems like a weird conclusion .
ok ? well gotta go teach a class . nice chatting .
hi been drinking coffee all day . . lol how are you ?
ll i am healthy as i love to do yoga everyday before i go to my teaching job
i am a twin . i have an identical twin sister
are you spoiled ? ll i bet
wow ! i need a snack right now , my downfall is chocolate so tasty
great combo ! ! if we lived close we could share it together
cleveland ohio all my life
where do you live ? not close ?
i love puppies , mine is names tiki . do you have any dogs ?
weaner dog . i grew up listing to music from the 80s . my favorite was the pretenders .
nice . i am a kindergarten teacher .
always gotta keep them active . my favorite good is spicy tex mex .
allot of good food in Wisconsin too !
Wisconsin has some big cities too . but crime is getting worse !
hello , nice to meet you . want a drink ?
haha , that is a new one . you remind me of someone i read about .
she must have worked hard to get all of those !
wish i could have eaten some nice fast food when i was away in service .
oh i do not eat any meat , i would not know if i am allergic to shellfish or not .
pretty close , i am a vegetarian . what a coincidence !
hi ! are you athletic ? volleyball is my favorite sport .
i try to pickle eggs when i get the chance , for a tasty treat .
are you into beauty ? i love styling nails and hair .
lovely ! that sounds so much fun ! you will have a blast !
i agree ! i am a girly tomboy . i love sports , and hiking too .
you could go blonde and put some red chunks in it .
you will have to take lots of pics !
i won homecoming in high school !
hey there , what do you do for a living ?
that is cool , my mom makes writes music , very creative
its more pop than it is country , if you know what i mean
well , i am studying a music degree , to teach and play instruments with kids
well , you could do it as a side job , my mom works in telecommunications
no , i am trying to finish college first
they really are , just not worth it
yes , thank you , i agree .
hi how are you doing ?
that is good . i have a bit of a headache .
i hope so too . last week i had to call 911 my head hurt so bad .
i cant have a garden because of my cats . i used to have 6 but one died .
that is really nice of you to do !
that sounds nice . i cant travel alone since i cant see past 200 feet .
i have my husband . we married out of high school . do you have a travel companion ?
he dude , i am a football star college kid . what is up .
that is good i eat a lot of fish , i eat very healthy .
i like to talk a lot .
some people say that i am super sociable .
maybe you can hangout at this party we are having after i win the game .
just do not come dirty most girls here do not like that .
then go home and shower , you will not have fun if everyone avoids you .
good evening . how are you ?
right on i just got home from working at my company .
i do . i have a wife and kid as well .
we also have a dog . a poodle .
we named her lady when we got her .
sure . i love tea . earl gray is my fav .
chai would work . i like chai as well .
hi what are you up to ? i am just hanging out on my boat i live on .
it is ! are you married ? i am only 1 year into mine .
sorry to hear . do you own a business ? a salon is what i own .
nice , i can not wait until i can retire . i am also a hair stylist .
well happy belated birthday ! i love dogs . what kind of dog ?
i think i should get a dog for my salon . what do you think ?
i agree . but i am speaking from a biased position . i love them !
hi . wanna go to a movie ?
awe . i like action adventure ones . . . and lots of popcorn .
my mom made that for me . my dad left when i was 5 .
not yet . i am trying to get a good job first , learning how to be a welder .
i like to ride roller coasters makes me feel like a kid !
i start an internship with a construction company next week . hope to go way up high .
thanks . what kind of work do you do ?
that is a good line of work .
hello , just a bit about me . i was a pageant queen once , not even worth it .
they eat whatever they want , now i just do a lot of reading .
that is interesting ! i have had to protect my pot belly piggie .
my office is full of nice supplies , anne green gables books and my piggie .
what did your family do for a living ? mine are teachers and a tax man .
what a fun thing to do ! i like dogs but cant have one with the piggie .
what else do you do in your spare time ?
hey , how are ya ? what is your job title ? i design some cool video games .
that is great ! i have been on a design team for more than 65 popular games .
devil may cry , trying to do my startup , my wife just lost her job .
it is going well , when I can do it , my son plays football .
the eagles , they are undefeated !
i am very proud , do you have kids ?
want to listen to me play my guitar ?
wonderwall . i can teach you how to play .
they are mean . although i prefer classical music on my harp .
cool . you should travel to europe . get away from family .
astronaut ? i love dogs but they pee on my vegetable garden .
no to europe . can i fly with you ? i can grow potatoes .
you will never be hungry again . fat , maybe .
cool . can we bring all my string instruments too ?
please tell me i am not here alone . i need someone to talk
please me it quick . how many conversation we need to make ?
how much you make per day here ?
just type in more than 5 words and you are fine
do we need to talk in a topic
i have a dog and a cat
i think we should be done by next sentence .
i used to love hiphop but now i listen country mostly
why it take so long for you to reply ? can you reply me quicker ?
let try to chat for 16 turns
you speak sound like a girl . where are you from ? please reply fast
i am from texas . how old are you ?
this task is cool . we can have fun and pay
when i was 16 . i want people think i am mature . i am male
your age plus ten years .
i think it would be graduated from university
it not easy for me since english was not my frist language
how come 16 years old in college . you must be very smart
i speak 2 langues . try to learn some spanish
what about other language beside spanish and english ?
it s over 16 turns by now . do you think we get double pay ?
hi how are you doing
what kinds of foods do you like
i think nachos are the best
do you like dragons i think they are awesome
yeah i am still in school what about you
that is cool ar you thinking of colleges yet
wow i am not good at math
hello , how are you tonight ?
what are you listening to ? i
i listen to rap to soothe me , i needed it after the 2004 campaign
it sure does . i collect bugs and build computers .
no , they are in specimen jars .
yes , i do . i have over 500
no , i am an avid fisherman and hunter . i started to enlist when i was 18
it is okay , many people have weird assumptions .
hi how are you doing
yes i have honda and i love it
i actually deliver stuffs that s my work
i don t really into their music but theirs is nice
oh not really i am into candies though
oh no never and i do not think i am gonna try
honda civic and i really love it
i can t really sing how about you
hello . how are you doing today ?
great . a little tired , though . what are you auditioning for ?
wow . i do not have time for movies . i have a high iq .
i am a professor but travel a lot . alone .
i teach english . do you have family ?
i do not have family . parents died , and no brothers or sisters .
it is one reason i travel so much . do you travel ?
all over europe and most of the united states . and you ?
hi , i am kevin . how are you today ?
lucky you . i am just playing my guitar before classes tomorrow .
i listen to a lot of ska when i am studying software development .
they're cheap , you should pick one up .
laptop or tablet then . you can walk about and it takes up no space .
sounds good . its good to have freedom .
lol ! i enjoy your enthusiasm so keep it up !
hey i am just getting off from a long shift at the hospital how are you
oh i know that is frustrating my kids have been doing the same for a few weeks
other than be an awesome mother lol i am a nurse at the local hospital
thank her for her hardwork . i am getting some mexican food later its my favorite
well pick up a book sometime you will enjoy it i just finished a good one
oh nice , i love listening to the rolling stones
lol . i am looking for a new recipe if you have any ideas , i love cooking
hi how are you today
i am a cashier at a gas station too
that is great still very young . what do you do in your free time
that is sweet london seems like a cool place to live . i travel sometimes
i like country music kane brown is my favorite he is awesome
i am off to san diego in 2 months , laters skater !
i have a job in a gas station so no , its as a cashier .
mexico is an awesome country , have you been ?
i went away on a business trip , before i quit my job ! own any cows ?
you should invest in cows . so many great resources they provide .
no milk ? you are missing out .
dancing is a great workout ! i get my cardio by doing laps in my pool .
i take it you do not go out too much ? we should do dinner some time .
okay vegan dishes , and no tacos . i cant stand tortillas .
how are you on this fine sunday ?
making wedding plans . getting married soon .
we will be wed in a park . unfortunately , my family will not be there .
we are going to niagra falls . are you married ?
do you have pets ? i have a dog . he is ring bearer .
probably not . do you have family ?
just my parents who will not come to my wedding . they dislike my fiance .
he is lazy . what is wrong with your work ?
good afternoon how are you today
i am wonderful on this sunny day
i do especially when i volunteer at the shelter
i love the color pink but i bet purple mustang is beautiful
they are not they eat italian like me
i hate science and i am a pitty
i love anything oink at the library where i work
i just spent the last 4 hours cleaning ! i am so happy ! ! !
oh yes ! i am going to watch 4 movies this afternoon . you ?
doing what ? i am way too exhausted to be famous . so so tired .
maybe , i can get that from mcdonalds ! i eat there every night .
no , it is too dirty ! where do you hike ?
goals ! ! that just sounds like exhausting work . i am tired thinking about it .
so very true . i think Adam Levin should be in so many movies .
she is good too . hey , do you have a drinking problem ?
hi was are you today ?
what do you do for a living ?
what is emt i am currently studying social science at georgia states
oh i see . hate visiting the hospital just like i dislike cooking
i am a student . at georgia states
i rarely cook . i often eat sushi and pizza my favorite meal
hey , i wish i could just take school more seriously
i like to hang out with people . been in relationships that ended badly
that is awesome . naw . i have a lot of friends though i converse with .
that is awesome . . . . i just wish i could just focus better and just get things done .
that is true , coffee makes sense . i do walk 10 miles . . . yet still .
that is cool . karate seems nice
i had 2 dogs , 2 birds , a toad , a fish , 2 turtles . that was it .
hi how are you today
where do you work at
nice i work in a target
what is on the menu then
wow you should invite me
how tall are you then
i am a whole inch taller than you
hello . how are you ? what do you do for fun ?
that is great ! i love music . singing songs by the lumineers makes me happy .
yes ! other than singing , i love to read , and take walks on nice sunny afternoons .
in san diego right now . the weather is always nice . you ?
that is sweet . my grandmother taught me to always be happy by singing when sad .
wonderful talent ! do you like to read , too ?
hard to choose just one . a recent favorite was city of thieves .
i enjoy karaoke . what about you ?
that is interesting . i have to go now . nice to meet you .
hello ! how are you doing ?
good ! just got engaged to my high school boyfriend
no but i go to school in kentucky and live with my parents
i am going to go to a metal concert ! that is my favorite
how do you like to spend your afternoons ? i am usually working out
kentucky in the summer is beautiful
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i am doing really well , thanks for asking . my family and i just bought a new chevrolet .
sure ! if i could capture one , it would be great business !
ha ! yes ! could you imagine how many friends could ride too ?
yes , I am involved in politics .
yes , but i spend a lot of time with family and friends so , that helps .
yes , we enjoy going to sporting events together . how about yourself ?
awesome ! i wonder what kind of business ventures there are with that . . .
hi there , how goes it ?
i am okay , i am a little tired
i get my fun in piano and surfing
yeah , i am at a bar at the moment . its money i guess
that is not a terrible idea
do you not think it would be too hot ?
sometimes . i prefer country though
hello ! how are you today ?
i am so old my favorite mortal kombat character is milena !
sadly i do not . whats your favorite color ?
pink is nice , i am always wearing purple ! i love pasta ! no fast food though .
www cute ! i have green eyes . whats your favorite activity ?
i am looking for krav maga classes right now . do you know what that is ?
its a form of martial arts ! it will make me a monster eventually , but a good monster
hello . mind chatting with one of likes accountants ?
how are you doing tonight ? my three brothers are annoying me tonight .
where are you from ? i wish i was from london . if I could, I would move to London for the music scene .
sorry to hear bad weather . so you like watching sports ?
too bad . i got mad love for soccer man .
well practice always helps to get better . you ever invest in stock market ?
hello ! how are you doing ?
great , thank you . are you from the country or city ?
i bet . i am from the country . growing up on a farm has perks , like no traffic !
reading is a love of mine too ! i also write my own patterns and do beadwork
indeed . where are you from ?
oh yeah . you told me that . my apologies . i am from virginia . i now live in pennsylvania .
i suffer from fibromyalgia . it is going to be a bit tougher here due to the cold .
hi , how are you doing today ? hows the weather where you are at ?
i am in missouri . springfield to be exact , and its a little hot today !
cool ! . being a writer , i could use a trip for some inspiration !
no . but i do hunt throughout the years with my brothers . do you hunt ?
how about any barbecue ? i love it ! maybe you can try fish ?
i enjoy a good plate of ribs as well . smothered in sauce !
speaking of shopping , a home has been my most recent purchase . what about yours ?
how fun ! i have always wanted to try a dance class .
hi there , how are you ?
i wish i did . i would love to cook for people all the time
what do you do ? have any pets ? i have a lizard
whats their name ? i also have a dog .
you guys go for long walks ? we do
i have taken a lot of dog walks recently since my mother moved in
it has its moments , that is when i escape with the dog haha
hello how are you today
i get headaches just thinking about work
honestly i have never been to work . what do you do ?
sorry at least you do not have to deal with a sister in law that hates you
botox is my escape which i really am in need of right now
was accounting always your first career choice ?
i was a design fashion major , never used my degree
botox , mostly a haircut every now and then
hello there my name is kat
it is going okay so far
not really just watching my daughter
i work at a zoo
i tried limiting my sugar intake but it never works for me
i know , i really need to get on one
probably so one day i will make one
hey , what do you do ? i am raise pigs for living .
oh wow that is nice . i do not like animals though . and you ?
no . yes . it is a must-have because i live in a farm . and you ?
nice . do you live in the city . i desire to live there .
san francisco . i do not eat meats and there are many vegetarians there . you ?
do you have any allergies to food . i am allergic to eggs .
i like to raise tomatoes and vegetables . i do not like animals . you ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
are you a musician ? i have not left the house in six months .
i like cookies , candy , soda and fast food too much .
i should walk more , but i sit around and watch the godfather .
i am not a healthy person , and i do not get out .
i do not bake , nor cook much .
uber delivers . that is the greatest thing ever .
hello , how are you today ?
no i like oranges the best . and the color orange
so cool , what is your favorite fruit ?
i dislike make up a lot
i need to cut my over grown fingernails
that sounds like a lot of fun
yeah they are everywhere around here
do they make you wear make up ?
i only eat salad and greens no meat
i have a job in nyc saw some people doing crack on the way there
how do you pay bills without a job ?
bills suck ! but my job pays really well so its all good
fear works too . i saw a clown crapped my pants lost 5 pounds instantly
real effective not real enjoyable though
hi how are you doing today ?
ll i just got off duty as well
i work as a security guard in the mall
ll yes i do
sure it beats being lonely
so he can stay put
ok what is the answer
hello , do you have any siblings ?
yes , four of them , but i am the oldest .
i will probably go into teaching , as my father teaches middle school . you ?
well , my youngest sibling is in first grade , if that gives you an idea .
yes i am . how tall are you ?
i am 53 , so everyone in my family is taller than i am .
yes i am . did you go to college ?
probably teach , since teaching is in my family . what do you bake ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
i wish i could . . . confined to my bed and work from here .
it is . i spend most of my time on social media .
14 years . sometimes i pretend i am different people on social media .
i love when my pets get into bed with me . fuzzy , knickerbocker and consuela .
what is your dog's name ?
hey there how are you
in school i like chorus , also i am a brown belt . you ?
i have too much anxiety , they would make fun of me . i am a guy
i guess so , my gram makes jewelry because she is loves it .
she has a facebook page where she sells it . i live with her and my pap
haha so do i , i can not help it
nope just some rain here . did you ?
i suppose you did , that must have been wild
hi how are you doing today ?
what do you like to collect ?
i have lots of fantasy novels and poetry books . they are my favorites !
i have a lot of homework to do . i am studying writing in school .
i am studying so hard because i want to be a journalist .
what do you teach then
that is nice of you . my mom is a librarian at a high school .
thank you ! i am studying very hard .
good evening , how are you tonight ?
yes i do , but unfortunately i work too much to enjoy them !
sometimes i sneak read the magazines at work at the grocery store yes haha
my mother reads a lot of books for her job social working for the school system
she has quite the stories . she is my best friend and lives in the big city
she loves to grow plants in her garden , and we just love sitting out there
yes , that is exactly why she lives in the big city actually
she takes classes . maybe i should get you in touch with her
hello , how are you doing ?
hello , how are you doing ?
an expensive glass of vino sounds wonderful . better with red meat !
nice , we own a farm so we have meat often . i have moved far away though
california , i repair peoples computers now .
are you good with computers as well ?
sounds like a nice life , french bull dogs are my favorite !
i have one dog , he is a chihuahua terrier mix . i like concerts , computer work
hi want to get to know each other
oh , do you enjoy reading ? me too .
i like twilight , how about you ?
does that get boring ? i like to eat when i read . especially cupcakes
sounds like an intellectual family . i am not sure i would fit in
that is cool . mine is brown , do you think i should dye it blue ?
i might go for it . did you do yours yourself ?
so it is easy to learn how ?
hey ! how are you ? let us get to know each other ! what is your favorite color ?
mine is green ! what kind of music do you like ? i love rock ! guitars are awesome !
oh cool ! that is awesome , do you do anything else for work ?
i see , makes sense , i hate my job , mcdonalds . it pays the bills though
what is your name ? mine is gerald . my friends call me gerry .
cool ! do you like sports ? i think basketball is probably my favorite .
hockey is cool , i like the bruins , you ?
cool ! we seem like we have a bit in common
hi how are you today
not really do you work
why two of the jobs
give them all a pizza
okay a 2 topping pizza then
i do not but you do
i do sometimes do you
well that is not me sorry
well hello there , how are you today ?
doing pretty well . i got up pretty early today .
i am fond of the color grey , what about you ?
i am not married . but it lets me focus more on my job . what about you ?
well that sounds sweet . i work in newspapers , do you do anything for a living ?
she is , has yours passed away ?
it sounds like it . do you have a hobby to take your mind off it ?
hi . how are you ? have your heard of Michael Smith's new song?
God is an awesome god . . I might have the name wrong.
what do you like to do ?
no . i enjoy listening to music, religious music, and keeping to myself.
i enjoy and love spending time with my family . i am early retired
in my spare time i like to play basketball
i hope you have a good evening . good luck in selling cars
i am getting off . i do not like to talk much .
neil tyson degrasse is on a poster on my wall . . . know him ?
he sometimes is on the big bang theory tv show .
i love video games too . last i played was witcher 3 . you ?
first game ever i played was half life on the computer . . .
my dogs love to go on early walks but i need encouragement .
i would love to be an astronaut . i bet they wake early .
right on . . . i ate fried chicken and cole slaw while watching penn teller .
penn teller ? they are magicians and comedians .
hi how old are you ?
i am 30 , are you married ?
that is great ! do you have kids or pets ?
yes , two pets and two kids .
cat and dog , you should get that cat . they are fun .
get a hairless cat or a bengal , they are free of allergens .
so what do you do for a living ?
i am a stay at home mom , my husband works . what type of art ?
hey ! how are you today ?
aw , sorry to hear it . why are you tired ?
i am pretty good . it was a beautiful day here today .
ooh its ok . what are you eating ?
oh yum ! i just ate too . i had pasta for dinner , its my favorite !
i would share some if i could ! what else do you like to do ?
nice ! what color will you get ?
i work in my own company and you ?
my workers get minimum wage from us but they are happy
thanks , i rarely appear at work , because i stay with my family
its a small company , but i am happy
just do not mix love with business
family means more than my company , i wish many feel the same
you did ? tell me about it .
i am all ears , i listen to my workers all day
hey , what are you up to ?
oh that is nice , i am actually at work , my family and i own a local grocery .
do you happen to watch we ? i am a huge fan , but i really have not told anyone
do you do anything on the weekends ? i usually get my nails done on saturdays .
i rarely get any sleep , i am always out and about
you get used to it , i have really been daydreaming about visiting paris one day
i am always imagining just sitting in a cafe in the middle of paris !
hey how are you . how was your day
i am more of a dog person honestly .
no . i do like music . i work full time and i am a student in college .
no no siblings . i am a single mother though
i make 2 . 15 an hour waiting tables . the money ai not great but its gotta work for now
i have brown hair . i want to be a doctor . what do you do ?
oh that is awesome ! i would love to do that when i start a new life
hi ! how are you ?
great ! i am at work now .
oh ok ! i have to go feed my pets soon
i have a few kittens
i will be packing my bags because i am traveling tomorrow . i love to travel
a little bit of both . mostly work but i hope to do some exploring .
i will be gone for 8 days .
i do ! my mother will be taking care of them , .
hi , how are you doing ?
are you in the united states or ?
for exercise i have been riding my bike . you ?
great , i try to be more athletic but with working it is hard .
that is so true , i am trying to eat right but i do not like carrots .
i love humus on pita bread .
how is the weather there ?
i love video games , great for stress .
hi there , farmer from the midwest how are you ?
oh what a fun age ! do you have any hobbies ?
that is an interesting one . photography and hiking here , when i am not working
that is what counts right . what about music ?
i love rock , are you a fit person ?
which one is your fav . i love to try new foods .
i would love to travel one day but right now it is not an option , you ?
what place was your favorite ?
hi how are you today ?
good just relaxing playing so video games .
i live in the midwest and you ?
i am also in ohio , i took over my fathers mechanic business .
no kids . i am sort of a musician also .
i bet they are wonderful though !
what sports do they play ?
hello there ! are you a student ?
haha , i am pursuing a bachelor in computer science .
i have a friend who sells western paintings . he does quite well for himself .
not at all . my dog could paint better than me . lol
i have , and it blows my mind that they can get them to do that .
do you have any hobbies ? seems like painting is work !
i am single as well . lucky i have my dog to keep me company .
hello ! what do you do for work ?
i am employed at an animal shelter .
no , since i never met my dad , i stay away from that .
my mom took care of me , she still works at a bank .
she helped me become fluent in french too .
thank you ! do you live near where irma hit ?
hello how was your day ?
great , do you have any hobbies ?
do you like animals i love my dog george
i love cats . what kind of work do you do ?
i am in between jobs right now i was working at a big cable company
i mostly just ride my bike and go to the beach
do not know who either are ?
the beach and bike riding
hello . how are you ? i am good .
what is your favorite show ? i am not supposed to watch tv on school nights .
i am ten . i like shows about dogs and cats . those are my favorite animals .
no . my parents say i have enough friends , i do not need a pet .
i guess . it helps that our house has a really big yard and a treehouse .
not much . but i am trying to get better at it . do you like to read ? I wish I could be as tall as you.
at sea ? what do you do at sea ?
cool ! i would love to join the navy when i grow up .
hi ! how are you doing ?
nice ! that would not be allowed where i work !
in the library on campus here . only part time though . what do you do ?
are you looking for a job ? i hope i find one after college . just started here .
ok ! do you have other hobbies ?
healthy food ? not much , between the 3 science classes now and the part-time job .
do you share that delicious food with anyone ? are you married ?
what do you like to sing about ?
hey how are you today ? i just got done dropping my three girls off at school .
oh that sounds fun ! what are you studying ? i am a scientist .
oh ! i practice karate as a sport . what do you do for fun ?
medicine . but i draw for fun . mainly pics of mars , i want to go soon .
i hope so ! so tell me more about you .
ll i gotcha . well hows your day going so far ?
going to a friends house for her birthday , and letting our kids play together .
hi ! how are you doing ?
i just got back from the gym .
i am a female . do you have any pets ?
i have a dog . i love dogs !
do you exercise at all ?
i need to go take a bath .
i am from the united states my family travels a lot .
most of my family is traveling at the moment
hi , i like drinking dr . pepper and comics drawings and you
where are they ? black jack is my favorite gum do you like chewing gum ?
do you watch scooby doo ? they are funny , my job is located in a grocery store
what type of gum are you chewing now ? i work during the day do you work ?
we all love to laugh right ? that is why i make comic books
how are you disable ? do you get benefits ?
do you know what black jack gum is ?
hi am jackie and married to my awesome husband james
what time is your date ? i am also a writer for new york times
what do you write ? i have an apartment in the big apple
that is awesome ! i love go to museums
aww give it a try and look around ! d
well that is all a person can do is try
haha that is true . just having some fun
well you can change those grey thoughts to more colorful thoughts
hey ! whats up ? doing anything fun this weekend ?
bien ! nada . i plan to sing at church , of course , choir .
man i just ate an entire bucket of hot wings . love those wings .
red or green ? me , i love roasted hatch green chili .
getting ready to leave for another long truck trip next week .
yep . thirty years . mostly the south , wish i could hit the southwest for green chili .
how are you today ? i hope well
i am doing well . i am studying tonight
i am getting my bachelors degree in criminal justice
what are you studying ? or are you undecided ?
what are some of your interests ?
personally i love chemistry , also marine science
that is what my girlfriend is studying , its how we connected
hi , florida is a terrible place to live
way too hot here all the time
i love to hang from trees
that sounds like so much fun
ok i would like to come along
no . i cant see colors at all
sometimes the other person is pink
o no ! you cant see color either !
hi ! how are you doing ?
nice , i should take a break from working out . i obsess over being the best
good one . working out helped get me a scholarship for playing soccer too
is hunting good for you ? i try to eat healthy or not at all
if i hunt will people think i am cool ? i hope so
I will try hunting and then making Instagram posts so it looks like I am having fun
yeah , i am pretty superficial but that is important to me . at least i got that scholarship
hi , do you have any cake ?
do you paint often ? the kids i babysit paint on the regular
just babysitting . it pays for my mercedes though
do you have any siblings ?
why ? is that not lonely ?
sounds boring and lonely to me .
maybe you are the source of the drama .
lol we could be like twins , if you did .
hi how are you doing
i have two dogs that have a lot of energy
yeah i love getting coffee
i work in computer programing
play with my dogs and hang out
that is a good workout i prefer running
hi ! how are you today ?
pretty good . writing a new song for my band .
not even your best friend ? mine is in the band , too .
fair enough . what do you do for fun ?
do you want to ? or do you have another dream ?
i definitely wish i had more time for netflix ! what do you like to watch ?
i like to watch comedies . they are my guilty pleasure .
i do not have much time for it . too busy with my music .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
just got off my mama from the farm , they are begging me to move from the city .
i prefer the city where i can use my skills in computer repair
i do not really do screen repair , i focus on software design and repair .
macs are too expensive for me , i prefer my normal laptop
hp laptops are pretty sturdy and good for everyday use
what year are you in ? i moved from my family farm to the city for college .
i feel you there , college is very expensive . i am doing the same .
hi ! i am joan . how r you today ?
excellent . accept i messed up my nails i just had done . argh !
ugh ! so sorry about that . i burn stuff all the time . what kind were they ?
yum ! my son owen loves vanilla .
thanks ! he is a precocious 4 year old . do you have kids ?
hey , sometimes those are like kids . same with pets
i love cat but unfortunately i am allergic .
yes . my corporate attorney husband is also allergic . but we have a turtle
do you want to share some sprite with me
will you share with me ?
sausage . to match my fingers .
lol . can i draw you maybe ?
i can , but that sprite caused me to bloat
you could cook for me . i would like that ,
what kind ? i love brownies
apple pie ? cookies ? what about macaroons ?
hey there how are you tonight ?
are you single or taken ?
me too . why is that ?
i am a receptionist for a doctor so i also hate drama
dang , i bet . do you like flowers ?
they are great lilies are my favorite
even though i am colorblind i love them
not so bad , just do not ask me to cook a steak all the way through
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am a gamer ! i have a ps4 controller in lipstick red .
call of duty , do you have one ?
i have a dog , he wears red rain boots to match my purse .
wow . that must be one small dog .
i only date those who drive red cars , like mine .
i do photography and surf .
the beach is my first love .
what are you doing this beautiful day ?
oh that sounds very nice . i wish i had family .
my two pitbulls are my life , actually
that is so sweet . what do you do for work ?
i understand that . i program computers for a living
i would love to . you should look into getting into it . pays well
any tech school is the place to go . i get 200k a year so its worth it
definitely . what do you do in your spare time ?
do you want fresh vegetable or fruits
in that market have lot of fresh potato
no , that is framers market for fruits and vegetable
yes , it little bit expensive but too healthy
okay , do you have dogs
okay , where are you live ?
it is a nice city to live people
hello again . what are you doing this evening ?
that sounds fun . toys have a rich and interesting history .
yes , that holiday again . good times .
my work is not seasonal at all , nor was my parents .
my mother was a pediatric nurse and made kids smile . it is the best .
i fix mainframe computers , technical stuff . and you ?
that is good work , good money . my family was so poor .
my father made almost no money taping and sanding walls . it is hard .
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing great ! just got done designing a website for this company that hired me .
that is awesome ! once you know how to do it its easy money .
that is cool . i love all the new tech coming into the medical field .
that is super cool . i read about new tech all the time in the news .
indeed . my friends use crazy tech to trade stocks , but i am not good at that .
hello how is your day going ?
nice i just got off my shift at mcdonalds .
actually never heard of them . i am more into movies . star wars is my favorite .
awesome so what do you do for fun ? my spare time is spent on football practice
any plans for a major ? i am thinking game design since i am a hardcore gamer
i just hope that they will let me have my iguana in the dorms .
maybe some day i will create a game about iguanas , combine my two loves
so what is it like being a vegan ? is it hard ?
hi , how are you doing ?
where did you come from ?
cool . that is one of my favorite places to visit .
we did a commercial up there last winter . just beautiful .
i am a marketing director . i get to travel a lot .
trying beer all over the world . one of my favorite things .
i am divorced . my oldest goes with me sometimes .
hi how are you today ?
pretty good . where do you work
cool i own a company come work for me
i do not even have to show up to work
i am the boss so i do what i want
yeah are you married boss ?
yeah just get stuff sorted out first
you seem to have a good head on your shoulders
hey how are you today
i am studying for a test i have monday .
yeah i am a psychology major at a college in colorado
i go to the goodwill and buy random things and i hike
sometimes i see black clothes there . they always have new stuff there
you should see if they have any . what do you like to do
i love guns and roses they have some pretty good songs
yeah they are . i use to go to their concerts in california growing up
hello how are you doing today ?
i will bet sorry about your dog i have cats
i work at a library librarian i enjoy reading
my two cats always want me to read to them
me too lots of grass to mow
good advice parents are the best
sorry my dad is dead but my mom is still kicking
she is a hoot always keeps things interesting
hi how are you today ?
well where did it go to ?
that sounds yummy or messy ink which
but game of thrones season is over silly
true he is a seaman heh
i am very critical of people . but vegans are good .
do not control me ! i do what i want
winter is the most hate coz cold
oh , yeah . . i would love to see csi
do you know manta rays ? do you
oh , i thought all know this person , i swam before together
i am alright with it , coz my parents can protect me , they are both lawyers
that a good way t make new connections
yes it is , what else do you for fun ?
wow , at least you do those stuffs around
hello . how are you this evening ?
glad to hear . long day at the office . what do you do for work ?
that is awesome ! i plan weddings for people .
i love yellow . i try to add it if clients want it .
the color we see on the way out . do you like music ?
i really enjoy music from the 80s .
as was i . i have an odd fascination with ghost .
i think that i do . i have strange vibes in places where tragedy has occured .
hi how are you tonight
i am good because i am talking while awake for once
i talk when i am sleeping sometimes ok a l
yes a cat and i love him
no i like to watch movies on sundays though
no i am not right now but will be soon
i will study everything in it
thank you i hope i do too
hello there , how are you today ?
its so annoying . did you know college is free in denmark ? my grandma is from there
that is so sad . come over here and i will make you some of my famous meatloaf
it certainly does . i love my daily walks with toto in the countryside
ll ! toto is my dog and also it used to be my favourite band
gosh , it must have been before your time .
i think you should see the world before you settle down . australia is great
hi how are you today
very cool do you work
i guess . do you play music ?
i want to become a music teacher
yeah do you have any children ?
yeah pull out like those gnarly barrel waves
no but do you have it
well how old are you
names zander and i just got my black belt from karate
you should try it . i love to drink ice coffee
what is that ? i am also a saxophone in a jazz band
oh , ok , i am a shrimp and lobster type of person .
no pets but i am ok with that
i am just working towards to better myself along the way .
what is the cause of your shyness ?
no i am not ,
hi i am playing my piano . what kind of music do you like ?
i learned to play when i was 6 . now i am trying to get in a local band .
i like system of a down . katie is not hip hop . nobody likes her short hair .
of all the colors you can get , why yellow ?
katie is just another karaoke style pop singer . i think she is vegan like me .
i try to play piano for a living but its very hard to make money playing music .
i started playing when i was 6 . i should have learned something else instead .
all over town and online . its hard finding a regular job or a job in music .
hi ! how are you ?
aw ! rough night ? i am fine , hanging with the cat !
my house is my office , but downtown is cool ! do you have weekend plans ?
wow ! my favorite comic is about a female archer . an arch ette ! do you compete ?
i believe in you ! i do not do sports , haha . my hobby is my cat !
my cat is thea , she is a tuxedo cat ! what was your cat's name ?
wow ! was it friendly ?
are you of the religious sort ?
i went to an all girls school , a christian high school .
my mom was a teacher or sorts , sunday school .
how does that remind you of the beach ?
oh i see . do you have kids ?
noah , i cant imagine as an only child .
mmm no , nothing of the sort .
good morning , i am pete the truck driver here .
i camp on the weekends with my wife and two kids , what about you ?
neat ! i also enjoy playing baseball in the local rec league .
my kids play soccer . since i deliver baked goods , i miss some games though .
the natural is a good one or babe which is about babe ruth .
yeah i hope you enjoy them !
no , just some state parks for camping . what about you ?
hello my name sue , what is yours ?
nice to meet you . are you married ? i am engaged to be married
congratulations . i am an animal lover , how about you ?
i can imagine . i love working with animals . i am also the local theater company .
wow . i am pretty sharp on my history , how about you ?
i see , now is the time to enjoy life ,
i have to agree . more energy when younger .
what kind of bagels do you like to make?
well ok then. who are some of your favorite pianists?
nice i love those artists as well.
sorry to hear. what are your other interests?
do you have any other interests? i want to know more about you!
light blue. what is yours?
wow, that is very cool. i have to go now though. nice meeting you!
goodbye. it was nice speaking with you.
hey there . how are you today ?
i am good . hanging out with my cats .
oh , my mom helps out a lot with my 5 kids .
i do ! my husband helps out a lot too .
how long have you guys been married ?
oh wow . we are only on year ten .
we went to the bahamas to celebrate earlier this year .
we really enjoyed it . traveled anywhere lately ?
hi , how are you ?
i am doing well , thanks .
what are you studying ?
wow , that is difficult i am sure . i never even went to college .
you would not believe me if i told you . it is a unique career .
have you ever heard of the shrine circus ? we perform for disabled children .
i have two fabulous dogs ! you cannot underestimate the importance of volunteering .
hi friend . let us talk .
great . just working on my art and feeding my pets . what about you ?
i love canada , i am a great painter , my feline friends help me out too .
good for you . i hope you do not ea seafood . it is not good .
my cats always call me , i have too many .
you sound like a hit man . cool . i have been everywhere in the world .
nice . what town is it ?
of what ? what do you like to eat ?
hi there ! how are you ?
too much of your time doing what ?
oh you are so confused . maybe you could do some sports to clear your head .
what kind of petitions ? that surely is time consuming .
then you can stop signing .
try see a psychiatrist about that ?
yes it is . you might figure out where your time goes .
good luck i hope you sort things out soon .
hi how are you doing ?
i am fine just preparing my vegan dinner . you ?
same ! i should volunteer . i just do not have any time with returning to school .
sometimes . i really enjoy country music . so i travel to a lot of concerts .
garth brooks . do you like country music ?
haha . what do you do for work ?
right now unemployed so i am going to school to study nursing .
no not yet . still waiting to meet the right someone .
hello how are you today
being that i am in the city i cannot hike much
i am employed at bookstore and mostly spend time with my girlfriend
cool i got a tip to dye my hair from a french book . do you have siblings
i also do not see my older brother much
what type of music do you play ?
no but i enjoy listening
so true . maybe i will pick up a book on drums at the bookstore
here , kitty , kitty , kitty . . . do you like cats ?
ooh , my cats would looooove to play with your iguana !
i am a dedicated video game player living off mom and dad .
you should check out best buy . my brother works there . gets great discounts .
i will talk to my brother , but only to ask for his discount on video games . ll
nope , just my two cuties milo and fio . whats your iguanas name ?
not a dog person . dogs eat cats .
my phone is wringing . . . gotta go . . . thanks for the chat !
what is your favorite fruit ?
i am a carnivore , are you ?
sure , what is your favorite color ?
do not know how to tell the parents i am gay
what is your favorite fruit ?
i like breaking things in video games
not really a fan of that game rather play guitar
well hello there ! how are you doing ?
what kinds of things are you interested in ?
it is so hot today , i really do not like it . where do you live ?
i have been there . i wish i could travel all over the whole world .
i have retired in hawaii ! i just live life , and read like one book every week .
i have been blessed for sure . what kind of music do you like ?
i do not like country , but enjoy pretty much any other kind of music .
hey there hows it going
that is pretty cool , i am just listening to some music
taking a few semesters off college , and just some older school hiphop
i graduated last year . oh wow , congratulations though
i wanted to do computer science , but i switched to forensics .
my aunt is one , as well as my godmother
well , i can see your views , and you will change the world one step at a time
well , my mom and i have an online crochet shop , we try and market
hello , how are you feeling
i am great , thanks for asking
same here , i am a mother of five how about you
ok that fine too , i am afraid of snakes
for me i love going fishing
that sound good to me
well i just do care giver work
do you speak more then one languages ,
how are you doing today
i am good . i teach kids .
how do you like that ?
that must be a lot of fun
i like to be outdoors most of the time
how many cats do you have
do you miss the cat
that would be so very sad
hi , how are you ? anything interesting in your life ?
that is really awesome . great exercise . i am just figuring out life right now .
i am living in my car , a toyota camry , just outside of la for now .
are you doing ok man ? you are really repetitive . can i help you with something ?
ever gone to college ? i tried it , it just was not right so i dropped out .
that really sucks man . i bet they are missing out on a great person .
oh yeah , we are right on the pacific . you know that means peaceful ?
hello there , do you have any children ? i have two .
are their houses clean ? mine always seems dirty , i dislike cleaning it .
i am jealous ! where do you work ? i use facebook to sell clothing designs .
wonderful . i look like a zombie on facebook , with my dark curly hair .
i am not very good at sports . i play basketball with my children sometimes .
you must be very strong ! awesome !
what else do you do to keep healthy ?
omg , my ferocious feline kj is trying to attack birds outside !
she can be annoying , especially when i m cooking which is often
i am a retired nurse . my husband used to be an auto dealer
that s very impressive . must be expensive to go to school now
yeah but you have to pay back with large interest . sad .
that s good . my husband is on disability so its good we don t have any kids
don t have them until you can afford them ! god forbid they have medical problems
i used to be a traveling nurse , many states , where do you live ?
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like sports
i play basketball in my free time
do you like to listen to music
that is cool i like religious music
i am from tennessee where are you from
that is cool we are close
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
i like breakfast . . . . do you work ?
i work at a zoo so i have a lot of pets
there are good therapy
we just bought my daughter a car for graduation
it is a pale pink in honor of my wife being a breast cancer survivor
yes it is now we work together at the zoo
hello ! how are you today ? i am enjoying listening to imagine dragons
that is nice . i really like to fly models of airplanes while eating buttered crabs
that is awesome . when not with planes , i kayak on the river
i like music but i do not appear to have a job
yes , imagine dragons is my favorite
ok . i would is my favorite to listen to while i fly model airplanes
nice . i take model airplanes while i kayak
that is nice to have a video game system at work
good morning, I am a footballer.
cool. Do you enjoy this work?
I am in the NFL, second year. I like potato chips.
I own all my cars and have no dogs for them. Sad!
I dunno it sounds a bit hairy.
I do not think I would like the looks of that.
could I really love a hairless dog though?
maybe I will set my heart to something related to a football career.
hi , how are you today ?
relaxing after a day teaching
congrats , i mainly teach adults english as a second language
i am sorry , i am sure they both were very proud of you and did their best
ll , i live with my sister in the suburbs . i end up cooking great deal
same here , could not leave the bog city
hello , how are you today ?
stressed , i maxed out my credit cards getting a collectors edition of clueless .
cher is my idea of perfection so it was worth . i am a biologist .
i have to call my ex , today is his birthday .
his birthdays have always been so special to me .
its been about 4 years now . lets distract from the negative . do you have a favorite color ?
i love long walks on the beach and watching the sunset
i like to collect vintage things and little toys
i like listening to music with saxophone solos .
that is awesome . i usually just curl up at home by the fire and listen to some jazz
i like looking at little dolls from the victorian era . their outfits are beautiful .
maybe some wine . just a dinner for two .
very nice . relaxing and romantic .
sounds like you would be a catch
hello . how are you doing this fine evening ?
i am doing well . so what do you do for fun ?
i like non-fiction and sci-fi . just finished a book by Graham Greene
i like to play board games . charades . i play cards . mostly work though . you ?
no i am a pretty easy going guy . i own a bakery . do you work ?
really ? i hear that a lot these days . where do you work ?
oh so you must have many subordinates . do you have any kids ?
i have many beautiful children . i love them all . ready to retire and pass the torch .
hello how are you ?
sad . my mother does not want me to move out .
i do not know . i could just leave but she is my mother .
i am 32 . how old are you ?
just my mom . my dad has passed and i miss him a lot .
i am an adult . and she does not like me carping in the forest on weekends .
yes . but there i am the general of the oris family its so fun .
hey how are you today ?
not many pandas here in the usa though that good .
that sad . got good grades in math today so i get to go play hockey .
reading is fun . what your favorite book ?
just like doing my math books and learning
no . only child just like sports you ?
never been to a farm . hockey game is coming up should come see me play .
eggs sound good . many chickens here in the usa .
hi how are you today ?
not too bad . i am a zookeeper , i just got home from work
it is , i have trained over 20 different animals . how long have you done that ?
my wife and i have worked at the zoo together for 10 years .
we actually met thru a friend after her breast cancer treatments
she is good now . our daughter just graduated highest in her class .
that is awesome , it looks great on some people
it must be nice having your own business
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing well too , thank you for asking . what are some of your hobbies ?
i like racing , but prefer horse racing instead of cars .
i like pizza , what about you ?
i do not work , i rely on many of my girlfriends to provide for me .
that is interesting , what subject do you teach ?
if i was going to teach , i would teach horseback riding .
hello how are you doing today
i am an avid drawer , i am great ! how about you
yes , i paint and draw . what kinds of boats do you captain ?
that sounds like fun . do you work ?
my sister is a doctor . that is hard work ! lots of hours
oh yeah , family is very important . my wife makes fantastic pasta
just the pasta my wife makes . do you like to cook ?
hey . my favorite color is pink . how about you ?
i do not . but i love being outside , swimming , and eating pasta .
that would be awesome ! tell me something else about you .
you should be a vet ! sounds like youre a big animal lover .
haha that would work too . pretty sure you would get locked up for that though .
that definitely works . i love my puppy .
white german shepherd . 2 years old .
herd what ? i live in the us in pittsburgh . you ?
hey how are you doing
i love some price is right haha
i look at that to , but i like price is right more , what you do for living
cool , i want to be makeup artist like my mom
yeah they are okay , rather have burger and fries
haha right , i like to sneak and listen to the neighbors fights
seems like husband and wife be fighting about cheating or something
yes they do , entertaining to me though
hi ! how are you ? i am married to miss usa .
nice ! i have so much money more then i know what to do with .
that is nice you help kids ! mine are a disappointment .
my favorite dessert is strawberry cheesecake .
that is not good and messy . i have maids that could clean it up .
yes ! i am getting bored of them !
i love horses ! i love to craft too !
favorite things to make ? wreaths , shirts , glasses are what i mostly make .
hi how are you doing today i m really tall
i m like a runner andi like reading in to cook
do you have pets i have two magnificent
two dogs that we have there so
do you go to the park with your pets
on the farm what kind of plans do you have
cattle farm do you like working there
it s so nice to hear and what else do you do
good afternoon , how are you today ?
well , normally i would be out flying my kite but with the hurricane i am staying in .
my car died tuesday so i was worried but i was able to get it fixed friday .
i do ! i listen to it when i work out .
i like red hot chilli peppers .
yes , i like turn of the century bands .
hi i have been wondering who will join me on my nature trip ?
that is good but i do not have enough money and i am in debt right now .
that is bad we should go somewhere else how about a electronic music festival ?
yes like my fake fantasy with living in another country
why ? if you want we should live together in nature because its free .
yes i know comedians also like gossiping do you like it ?
politics really make the worlds feel like we are living in a fake world .
yes you are right but politics should be involved in saving our nature .
hello there ! how are you today ?
searching online for jobs , i hate mine !
front desk at a doctors office , but i want to go to india again !
sorry to hear that . did you paint their room blue ?
haha maybe they want to go on an exploring trip with me .
indian mountains and valleys . also their culture . i go often there .
hello , how are you today ?
nothing . tell me something about yourself .
i got married after escaping from being a slave for ten years .
i a village in africa . now i work as a carpenter
it is hard work but it is really rewarding . what do you do ?
i love beer , but my wife hates it when i am drunk .
i think am a lot of fun when i am drunk
do you think most people are wrong ?
man , it is cold where i am !
i am a little chilly , but good . looking for work . you ?
that is great . i was a farmhand . now i am out of work .
i do not mind it . one thing i do love is reality tv . you ?
where is it that you live ?
i am in kansas but i would love to be someplace warmer .
maybe i should ! bet there are farming jobs there !
hello , how are you today
wonderful , read any good books ?
shopping for what . food ?
shopping is fun . do you have any artistic abilities ?
so you are quite organized ? i tend to be organized ,
do you have a favorite food ?
eww . i cannot stand pizza .
i think it is more sad for you .
hi .
yes ! but with 3 kids i have no time to get out .
do you have any hobbies ? i love running . it is very calming
no . not into sports very much . but my favorite movie to watch on tv is 16 candles
yes , love it ! i listen to it on my 300 mile drive to work each week .
lol . do you enjoy cheese cake ? i love it !
nice !
hi ! i have four children two human and two canine .
they truly are like kids sometimes . do you have pets ?
dog or cat ? i love cats , too .
you work at peta ? great ! i teach elementary school .
sounds like you are busy . what kind of clothes ?
do you have many customers ?
good . internet is the best way to find stuff .
i have never tried vegan diet . what is your favorite dish ?
hey how are you ? what are you doing ?
nice . i watched a soccer game when i was in brazil . it was great
that is too bad . i am a gardener so i guess i take things a little slower
yea then you might get into some hobbies to get your mind off work
well that is great . i love being outside . walking is relaxing
i built my own bike from scratch . so if i am not walking i am biking
no i own a gardening business . my height helps me cut high branches or decorate better
how are you doing today
i am great . i am just writing about food .
i am writing about crock pot dishes
i do not have any animals
do you have any other animals
i like music a lot
i like softer music mostly
i like to read cookbooks
good morning how are you ?
not too bad , just taking a break at work
haha , food is my friend especially lobster . . . . now I really want some lobster . .
the solution then would be to become a fisherman and catch yourself some p
do you have a job ?
nice car you know , you should check out internships that is how I got my job
friends who are not shopping p
well I work at Google its been a good job so far
hi how are you tonight ?
i am a female . maybe .
yes , i would like to make more money .
no , i sell paper products .
i wish . do you like cheese ? i hate it .
i love to cook , what about you ?
do you have any kids ?
i have a four year old daughter .
hey what's going on ? where are you from ?
about to take my 14 year old to football practice . my 12 year old plays too
that is pretty awesome . i am a physical therapist
yea its a fun job . my wife is also going to school to be a nurse
well that is good . you have any pets ? i am from TX where do you live ?
oh ok . i have got 3 dogs and 2 cats . busy busy lol
haha that is awesome . i love red hair . my name is john btw . what's yours ?
hello , how are you today ?
that is a relief ! family is important , i get together with mine every saturday
what kind of music do you play ?
i am a little old for the loud rock music , haha
i am 77 , i do not work much anymore but i love to spend time in the garden
flowers , herbs and vegetables . this year i grew lots of tomatoes !
i agree , there is nothing better ! what kind of work do you do ?
hi friend , how are you doing ?
are you always busy ? i hope you have some fun on saturday !
sorry to hear . do you work out at all ? i just got back from gym .
why do they get mad ? that is not very polite .
good for you ! you sound happy in there . i like fun people .
lovely . do you go to movies ? i love movie time .
i like drama usually , but if movies have my favorite actors i would consider them .
a ghost story . that is my favorite for this year .
hello there . i am native . i enjoy watching youtube videos online in my spare time, if I had more time, I would love to binge-watch 'Workaholics' on Hulu.
oh wow . i just have one . mcdonald .
what color is her hair ? my hair color is brown but i prefer blonde .
that is great ! what music do you enjoy
van morrison . i sleep to his songs .
i do . netflix binging mostly though if i am not writing
ahahah . . . . i wish workaholics was still on netflix
hi how are you today ?
nice have you traveled much ?
i have been everywhere in the world
i like blowing things up
yeah i like to explode everything i am in the military
wow do you have any cats
hi how are you doing ?
nothing new here . just watching the news
what do you do for a living ?
what is the waps exactly ?
oh ok . no i have not . . . .
i could never lean how to meditate
how are you doing today ?
i am enjoying some alone time myself today .
husband is doing his own thing . i need my alone time . very welcome .
what are you up to today ? we so need it . all of us !
and for fun for you ?
is it his birthday today ?
how old is he now ?
do you have any other kids ?
hi . how are you doing
what do you do for work
i want to be in eating competitions
i like suckers and rainbows
i like the music that the aliens make at night
that must have been expensive . hopefully , it is not abducted .
yeah the aliens are quiet creatures .
you would be . they are not friendly .
good afternoon , how are you ?
ah , my back hurts , like it pretty much always does , so i could be better
my quack doctors suggesting acupuncture , but that cannot be anything but a money grab
i am far too old for surgery , so i just do not care . everybody i liked is dead
no , the only thing i find fun anymore is people watching . ca not be disappointed then
i am far too angry for any popular music made today , only Johnny Cash for me
listening to husker doo punk while i scribble poetry here . whatcha up to ?
have not chatted with you in awhile . how was your vacation ?
me neither . i have been dying to go to england but just do not have the money .
that is what i hear . my punk band has been trying to get gigs there .
tattoo artist ? all black white i hate color tattoos . you ?
hmmmm . . . well , you oughta give them a try . something small and hidden .
hi . have you ever seen an eclipse ?
did you see an eclipse at baseball practice ?
i see . i spend most my time playing chess . very different perhaps .
that is cool . i work as a mall cop . i will not bust you then .
chess and baseball have similarities , believe it or not .
movie ? no . i have fast internet service , but never streamed it .
besides . i am the mall cop . why would i need to see the movie ? lol .
hello , i am a musician . what do you do ?
being that i do not live with anyone i could benefit from a pet .
maybe a dog . he can listen to me play my guitar .
yes , and when they visit me , we play video games .
oh , i am sorry about that .
that is great ! i also cook for my siblings . i am an aspiring chef .
hello there , how are you ?
good thank you ! tell me about yourself .
awesome ! i spend my day working at a counter at the deli .
i dropped out of college unfortunately .
i really enjoy going out fishing . yourself ?
that is awesome ! i also love music . i especially love jimi hendrix .
music is a great hobby and passion to have .
i like to listen when i go out fishing .
hi ! hope you and your animals have not been affected by the hurricane
oh , that is a shame . i am very passionate about animals ! i retired 10 years ago
i should ! i spend a lot of time watching tv shows and movies specifically British
my grandson loves chocolate ! however , my daughter won't let him eat it
that is great ! i recently turned 77 , so i say to hell with it !
how long have you been doing yoga ?
hello ! how are you today ?
not much at all , actually . where are you from ?
i am in michigan . i do not work as i just graduated out of princeton and am looking
natural sciences . what was yours ? and what would you go back to get ?
i understand . do you travel ? i make sure to at least once a year .
dallas last month . museums are my favorite thing so travelling helps knock out a lot
oh , nice . i have not been to new orleans yet . whats your biggest hobby ?
hi , how is it going ? staying safe in florida
as a volunteer fireman, I am staying to help
sure, that is fun but no room for horses . mom and dad have a small house
yes, they do . tell them to learn the trades college is overrated
not muchly brother liked disco lights and they freak me cant see color
ya he has sold himself . good marketing
that is cool the store i am opening will sell camping food
when I get it open I will let you know . wanna invest
hey , how is it going ?
great just drinking a beer and fishing , how about you ?
that is great . how is it coming along ?
i go fishing down at the creek by my house .
i am simple . i live in a mobile home with my dog .
that is inspiring . you sound like a determined person .
wow , japan . i have never even left my hometown .
i agree . i like grilling and spending time with friends . you ?
hi there how is it going ?
going good for now . do you have any pets
i have only a cat his name is pickles lol
i guess that counts ! i am sure it is easier than children .
yes i do . just one though , anymore would be too stressful .
what do you like to do during your free time ?
i like to surf the web and go on walks when i am bored .
it helps me relax from my stressful job . do you work ?
hello ! how are you today ?
doing good , i am trying to not eat sugar
very hard but i am living it up
couponing is the way of life . save the money !
i play lots of hockey
hockey and rollerblading is life !
that is a very good sport
yes it is ! i love exercise
i love surfing every day . i try to go often
that is great , do you play the piano too ? i love playing
we serve good food at my job , but i stay at the bar serving drinks
riding bikes is like surfing , you have to keep balance
i work as a music teacher part time , i love country music !
i like being outdoors too , its hard to enjoy working in a bar though
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am great ! it is my son owens birthday . love apples
that is a cool hobby ! i did beauty pageants back in the day
i love to get my nails done . how about you ?
do you have any pets ?
a dog . i cant have a cat due to my allergies
hi , am a visitor here in New York from the UK and looking for the best club around .
can I join you in one of those country clubs because i want a posh holiday ?
it's alright am willing to join you and share my money with you .
not yet , but planning to have some in the coming two years .
that is all in prayers and it's the creator to decide .
i want only girls and not boys because they are very stubborn .
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i am well thank you . for fun i am an equestrian enthusiast . yourself ?
i enjoy dogs as well . i take mine with me almost everywhere !
i take mine on car rides . i am a vintage car collector .
we have got long trips between homes . i own a few across the coast i try to visit
i have retired thankfully . trying to keep healthy . what do you do ?
hi ! how are you ? tell me an interesting fact about you
oh wow ! what is that food ? you have not tried my gourmet cooking !
delicious gourmet pig toes ! my recipe is published in new yorker magazine !
no pets . i do have a trophy from winning a spelling bee as a child .
do you have any phobias ?
wide open spaces terrify me ! i wo not be as scared by the pygmies
how are you doing today
i am great . i am just getting done with a book .
honor bound . what do you read ?
are you any good at them
have you ever competed in the newspaper or anything
yeah i would have to agree
do you complete it every time
everyone probably does once in a while
ugh , can i just tell you what my ex wife said ?
she said mall cops are not real cops and have big egos and little skill .
i do not understand her . i love my job and the power it gives me .
me neither , my dogs keep me company .
where is home ? soccer is a great sport .
i am still so angry about what my ex said . the nerve .
oh no , get a keep out sign for your door .
hi , are you a male or female ?
oh that is terrible ! how did it happen ?
have you tried sushi or pizza ? i love to eat them !
i am an older guy so i do not like Japanese cartoon shows . i like creating art .
i was required to garden and i still love to work in it .
you told me that already . do you have a favorite band ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no i do not think i can
i can say i hate those too
greenland is the cold one right ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am in school as well
i am in high school lol
hello how are you today
wow that is really cool ! did you get to talk to him
oh wow ! is that what you do for a living
oh ok i am an accountant at nike shoes
hopefully you can be one . what do you do for fun
i play and watch soccer it is my favorite sport . i but stocks too
lol probably where is more food and why is there a red dot i have to chase
no i do not have any cats i have a dog tho . do you have any pets
how are you doing today
i am doing good i am having a great day
i love soccer i played in middle school
i love swimming i love the water
with what is going on in this world i am scared to go any where
i think it is sad what happen in las vegas
its crazy all those people lost their lives for no reason
it is i do not feel safe taking my kids out on halloween
hello how are you today
just grading some papers , and listening to country music
i am , i teach 5th grade though my dad does not approve
no he works at home depot and would like me to do the same
why would they hate that you must make a lot of money
where do you travel to ?
i do not get to since i am busy working puzzles
hello ! what are you up to this afternoon ?
i went to the mall to get a sweater and some french fries
i mostly just like eating french fries . but now i smell like them .
i tried to count calories once but i literally cannot do math
i could not figure it out . math is just too hard .
what kind of exploring do you do ?
wow i have never been to india
have a wonderful trip . i will be eating more french fries tomorrow
hello ! i just got in from collecting seashells . how are you ?
i teach yoga . it allows me more time with my son . do you have any pets ?
really what is your lie ?
the lottery , how cool ! i would buy horses if i won . i am crazy about horses .
what do you paint ? i would like to have my two chihuahuas painted .
that sounds awesome . you could maybe paint some of my seashell collection too . nice chatting with you .
how are you doing today ?
it is kind a sad living alone in a big mansion . If I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional basketball player, I might have played for the Washington Wizards too.
have you heard of washington wizards ?
i played for that team , as a basketball player
though i make over 34 million annually , it s still sad
wow , that s very nice of you . i would love to
how many trees you cut daily . you re hard working
hey , did you catch the football games this weekend ?
that is sad i love it ! college , pro , anything
i am not picky on music , just whatever is on the radio
no i do not play anything . i have never been very artistic
that is cool . i live in the south so that is not very popular here
that is very true . i only cook snack food like tailgate dips and burgers
i do enjoy other things too , like reading .
hi , i am eating french fries . . . my favorite thing , how are you ?
i am listening to up , i love them !
so , i have this bike , that i pedal with my hands , i love it .
that is awesome , but i mostly like to eat french fries
i work at a taco place
i love tacos and french fries
hi how are you today
what do you do for work ?
which sports do you play then
no do you like ice cream
cool how old are you eh
i am 50 that is wild do you have pets
yeah i have two dogs woof
hello how are you today ?
awesome i work on a fishing boat
you would need a semi for mine it is a big deal to dry dock
yeah two dogs . what part of the country are you from ?
i have two huskies i live near cape hatteras
yeah . we have amazing seafood too
i am 40 how about you ?
hi let us get to know to each other
i like disney too . i bet i know more trivia than you
no really i am the disney expert . i love the princesses
whatever . you are trying to out do me . it will not work
everything does not have to be about you . i dance in clubs all the time
i do not think we can be friends you are too self centered
i doubt it . my work is in the best part of atlanta . i know celebrities
says the one of us who does not know anyone famous
hello . i am in graduate school . what are you doing with your life ?
i like cats and dogs . i like all animals . that is why i am vegan now .
i do let myself eat fish .
my family eats that way as well . they do not approve of veganism .
i do eat fish as i said . i love it . sushi is great .
i have never seen that or even heard of it .
sounds interesting . maybe i will find it .
hey there ! hows it going tonight ?
that sounds fun . its a hard night for me . its been a year since my dad died .
haha pink ? what about yellow ? that is my favorite color . its so happy
i guess i could do army green since my boyfriends in the army ! lol
you really like socks huh ? lol what do you like to do ?
that is . . . . interesting . poor cat . i like playing instruments . mostly piano.
hmmmm . . . . . youre quite the character i see .
so what do you look like kid from the world ?
hello how are you tonight
sorry to hear that try watching greys anatomy
they sound cute i would love to see them
ok i will be right there i am up the street
i am in the school band
that sounds nice i will come help
ohio i have to stay on task to stay right mentally
hi how are you , i am a bit blue , my dog just died .
my husband and two sons are helping me not feel so incomplete without my dog .
i like cats , my house and yard look empty without the dog . no snakes for me .
yes , i am an artist , i look for inspiration in everyday things in the world .
it work would bore me . black is actually a great color , makes you look skinny .
i am a blue and purple person myself . what is your favorite food ?
cooking inspiring , my parents helped me learn to look for unique ways of fulfillment .
mexican , lots of flavors to infuse .
hello , what types of things do you like to do on the weekends ?
that sounds fun . how long have you been married ? 6 years strong , here .
wow , that is lovely . do you like to travel at all ?
that is too bad . i have been all over europe and asia , myself .
probably europe . i went to seven different countries while i was there .
i liked it a lot . what do you do as a profession ?
that must have been fun . i analyze finances at a brewery in my hometown .
definitely , i like to blow off steam at the casino on the weekends .
how are you ? i am working on some bass lines for my band
maybe my mother is her teacher . what school does she go to ?
her school is in the inner city . tough school
i go fishing out at the lake .
maybe ! i bring cheeseburgers and my bandmates to jam out at the lake
that would be good tomorrow after i work out i will go up there
good . i work out everyday so i will have to do that first .
yes that certainly always helps . i know i can be bribed with cheeseburgers
how are you doing today
i love thrills and chills
what other sports do you like
i like to watch music shows
i like more vh1 kind of things
i do a lot of volunteer work
i am normal size with a thick beard
my wife thinks so too
hi
good . . . what do you do ?
do you work ?
what do you do ?
i am a college student
lol
are you married ?
haha
hey there , halloween freak here how are you ?
what does she like to cook ?
i am in california , you ?
that is awesome what do you like to do ?
i enjoy crochet and alternative rock music .
beastie boys , what kind of car do you have ?
ha ha ! i drive a hearse , oh the looks i get .
mine is all decked out . i channel abby from ncis .
what is your favorite color mine is blue ?
what music do you listen to ? i like pop
homemade liver and onions
would rather take a walk on the beach
then how about watching the game of thrones
sorry to hear that
hello, how are you doing?
i am good, probably going to bed here shortly. long day.
that sounds nice, i used some aromatherapy lotion to relax.
the smell is so calming, i love it. its one of the little things.
i work in the safety department at a prison. what about you?
a job is a job. i have 3 kids, also 3 big dogs, i stay busy.
hi how are you today
yeah i am thanks . i might go fishing its my favorite thing to do
i like those foods too ! what kind of music do you like
that is sweet that she lives right next to you ! i like rap music
i cannot listen to music and sleep no matter what kind it is .
lol i think snoring is why i do not have a girlfriend right now
yeah i just have to get use to it again
hey hows it going tonight ?
i made a huge wedding cake at my bakery for my son !
sunday ! so what do you do ?
oh awesome ! sounds secretive ! being a student was so fun !
whats your talent ? ! hopefully a comedy show because laughing is my favorite !
my husband used to sing when we were younger ! now he is a government worker lol
oh you know how men are . they do not get excited like women do .
hi ! jane here . who do i have the pleasure of speaking with ?
you too ! so who is your favorite band ? mine is imagine dragons !
old school . interesting . due to my long work hours main entertainment is music .
traveling nurse in texas . so lots of hours driving hence the listening to music .
love it ! like cooking as well but i am no where near a gourmet .
i used to bake . now no time . try to catch a basketball game when i can .
i wish i had time to learn to cook like you do . someday maybe !
hi
i was sleeping in . does that bother you ?
i know , i know . did i make a good first impression ?
are you in the u . s . navy ? i would not be surprised , captain !
ok , good . i am a vegan . are you ?
wow , you seem like a great person . you are making a believer out of me !
i think so too . they might just fall in love !
i do . i am falling in love with you .
hello how are you today ?
good , i am on my porch listening to my neighbors fight again .
yeah , super interesting to listen to haha .
no , anyways do you have pets ? i really want a puppy !
mr . pickles , but it might be too much work and expensive .
org i just saw a really cute shirt ! super expensive but whatever i want it !
looks matter ! you look better with expensive things !
hi how are you doing
that is so nice i love trips with friends
that is nice i just took my mom to london
that is cool what do you like to watch on tv
i watch game shows but i get mad when my contestants lose
i am do you go to church
how are you this morning ?
i am not a baseball player but i do like watching football and hockey
so do you play baseball
for football is the denver broncos
what team do you like ?
i have a friend who is a steelers fan
no they play the chargers
i only know about the ravens because michael orr played for them
hello hope you are having a great day . i am tired because i stayed up late
i should drink some tea . i may play my piano later
that sounds fun . i enjoy singing and dancing
i do too . humor is important in life
i like to mountain bike too . do you go often ?
hard boiled eggs are good . do you eat a lot of them
i like pickled eggs . have you tried them ?
what else do you eat ?
how are you doing today
i am great . my mom is on her way here .
that is nice to have family
mine certainly does . i love them .
i work with computers and games
does he like his job
it sounds like work to me
you are forgetful about what
hi there ! i am a librarian , what about you ?
about ten years . i love to read , especially horror , so i became a librarian .
haha , yeah i am weird . so , have any hobbies ? i like bird watching .
that is strange , lol . i prefer simple things like hot dogs and pepsi .
well potatoes are delicious . what kind of dogs ?
i can imagine . i have been thinking about getting a pet bird .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
work on a cool echo voice then
why does she get annoyed ? she should help
true do you like food
oh so nothing fancy then
i see do you like music
hi there . how are you this afternoon ?
good thanks . just eating pizza , its my fave .
you could come over . we will salsa dance and eat pizza .
me too . i am in engineering so i work a lot .
i am trying to involve bitcoin in my new project .
my new project uses bitcoin .
it is an internet crypto currency .
i am going to quit soon and travel for a while .
how are you doing today ?
i am in hawaii . it is gorgeous
the food is amazing . i moved out when i was young .
the water is my home . i feel like a mermaid .
i love drawing and watching cartoons
i like when someone reads me a book
i guess it just depends on my mood
hello how are you doing this evening ?
that is good . what do you do for work ?
that is good . what is your major ?
oh ok nothing wrong with that . i have my degree in nursing
oh ok . do you have any pets ?
cool . what kind of dogs do you have ?
cool . i have a shih tzu as well
hello . what is your career ?
okay . i am a translator . a professional translator . but i quit .
exactly . and since i am unemployed , i have enough time to write .
cool . my dream is to become an author . i was not passionate about being a translator .
we have to keep pushing through though . we can do it !
yes it is . we will get to the finish line .
i love lemonade . it is so delicious .
hello , how are you today ?
i am good . just waiting to go snorkeling .
what kind of package ? is it a gary numan cd ?
what brand of device are you using
if it is not apple then it sucks
better than anything . . except chasing komodo lizards on a private island
it is not a fantasy it is my reality . that is cool
hello there . my name is sarah . how are you doing today ?
my two sons are a piece of work as well . thank god for my husband
i hear you . life is incomplete ever since my dog passed .
i am so sorry . painting has been my outlet lately .
vice versa ! the world is my inspiration is what my parents instilled in me
life is too short ! carpe diem !
thank you ! need to appreciate and never take life for granted
i work for a vet . a client sent flowers , which i love .
my two children love to watch movies . too much , i think .
yes . did he make a dog movie ? i have 3 who get free care .
so what else is going on ? what else do you like ?
i am fond of jazz . i presently am trying to memorize the names of songs !
glad to hear that you are recovering . do you exercise ?
sounds terrible . the vet i work with did research about that disease for people .
hey i am jeff and my favorite sport is soccer , how are you ?
most people think i am pretty cool to be honest , where do you travel ?
surf spots are nice , i generally just workout 5 days a week so no time to travel .
what kind of food do you like ?
i like both of those , i am a bit of a health nut with food actually .
where are you from ? we should hangout sometime .
do you like soccer ? i played in france once , beautiful city .
have you visited the eiffel tower ?
hello how are you today , i just came in from taking my 2 girls to the mall
i am pretty good the weather is good here in georgia , where are you from ?
oh wow that is not good
that is scary what do you do for a living ?
i am a musician the violin is what i play
i really like chocolate candy
hi how are you doing ?
doing well . any big plans for today ?
sounds delicious . where are you from ?
me too . play any sports ?
like flip flops ? i need a new pair
i just end up stubbing my toes , but they are great for the pool and diving
yeah i like stand up comedians
my cat beats up on my small dog which is pretty funny
how are you doing today ?
i just realized i have so many interesting stuffs about me
that s pretty awesome ! just done with my radio job as a voice
would you like someone who can use six languages
coz i can use do that . but i have edged weapons
the first child for test in sesame street , i was that !
i was careful until the fire in the forest in california
hello there got a day off from my railroad job .
i am going to binge on star trek i love me some star trek
i used to listen to vnv nation my favorite band while playing
mortal kombat a bowl of pretzels and some game time is great
mine too but i like a lot of different ones
lots of them i like everything that is why omnivore is my choice
well it is delicious but i respect your decision
hi there , how are you ? i have a dog named toto
that is a nice name , i named mine after my ex favourite band toto
paper ? as in newspaper ?
not bad at all , do you have any hobbies ?
i like to make meatloaf that is my fave that is my hobby btw lol
who is alton brown ? i use my grandmothers recipe , she is from denmark
i am usually not very creative in the kitchen , but will look him up
hey there ! you watching tv ?
not really . but i really like animals .
oh dear . i do not move much . i just like walking around in the woods .
beats sitting on the couch at home watching tv .
oh . so that is why you guys moved around so much ?
sorry about that . where do you live now ?
that is such a fulfilling career !
i live very near washington , dc .
trying to relax online a couple minutes after getting home from work
your girl is in slc ? is she lost or something ?
boomer is a funny name . my tues night yoga instructor is named boomer, I wish I had more time to explore different yoga styles with my instructor named Boomer.
i've never asked my yoga instructor about his fears .
nah , i like to spend my spare time working out and shopping , not gossiping
is english your first language ?
i'm trying to understand why you didn't understand what I wrote .
i've got water polo practice now . it's but fun unlike some .
hello . hows it going ?
i am doing well . just chowing down on some mcdonald right now .
definitely ! do you have any plans this weekend ?
seeing queens of the stone age tomorrow . so excited ! what kind of music you like ?
awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?
i am a bit of an adrenaline junkie , so i skydive a lot .
its an acquired taste , for sure . do you have any pets ?
hi , how are you ?
last week we celebrated our family party
good , congrats
yes , i also very good football fan
very good , all the best
i have to drop out of college to help with my grandparents .
i will be giving water ski lessons if you are interested .
at boardwalk , i spend a lot of time in the water there . what do you do ?
is there a lot of money in that ? the volunteer work i do does not pay much .
after my dad died i wanted to give back so i go to nursing homes .
not like my dad , he served and protected . . . until they got the best of him .
with my height , i would be an easy target . i do not like guns either .
all that green and gray does not go well with all the red i wear these days .
would have to be red . is there a lot of blood and gore in your games ?
hey ! how is it going tonight ?
that is awesome . sadly , my girlfriend left me , she said she needed a break .
dive sounds great . i read a lot , especially since i have no television .
technology is okay , i love art , i am an art teacher .
at since middle . i fed a large pizza to a cat once , i hate pizza .
all types . i just love how relaxing it is to look at and to create .
wow , i just won my tennis game tonight , i feel great .
what do you do for fun ? i sing a lot .
no , but i would love to sing professionally . mmm , love french fries .
i live green french fries , i make them on st . patricks day .
you could make animal shapes fries . i would like those .
usually love songs , but they are not getting me where i need to be , still struggling .
a little piano . maybe i should move to nashville or somewhere to get a break .
i am pretty stinky from my tennis game . i better go get in the shower .
hello , how are you this evening ?
awesome ! i have been vegan for 17 years and i love it !
that is so awesome you get to work with other vegans !
my colleagues are great , i work at a museum . do you like being a barista ?
nice ! i have a dog , his name is banjo .
i love banjos . apparently they are a very hard instrument to play .
hey there , what do you do for a living ?
i am good . just reading my romance novels . you ?
nice . i used to be in the army , but now i do construction .
what is that about ?
yeah i used to drive tanks , now i have been driving around in a prius .
marines are cool . i need to find work inside . i am getting too many freckles .
hello , how are you doing tonight ? what is your favorite food ?
i am doing great , i make french fries. what do you think about desert fries ?
well you just gave me the idea of a french fry with cookie taste
sounds good to me , i work in research at del taco , we might have something here
i normally ride a bike but as long as we listen to up i am good
i do not really have one , i am too clumsy . i mean i have fallen up stairs before , lol
superman is awesome , just a little hurt , that is why my bike is hand-powered . why superman ?
very true ! well that sounds great , i am heading to bed so have a great night
hello how are u my name is joe
i am not into sports i am too chubby for sports
i am a interior designer i love it
i like to larp in my free time i do not like the gym
i love sitting on the couch listening to insane clown posse
i like to drive instead of fly
yes i like chips as long as there is dip
no i like to stay close to home
hello , where are you from ?
i am from new orleans . i finished college already . do you like amazon mechanical turk ?
i like it too . it does require a lot of time to make a lot of money .
i work in the video gaming industry . do you like video games ?
oh , well i like that too . what else do you like to do ?
me too . i swim a lot . it is a good full body exercise .
are you male or female , by the way ?
hello . tell me about you .
yes . i have four dogs and a cat and pigs
that is good . i live close to ontario canada
i love to run and watch basketball
twice a year i run marathons
it is hard but worth it
oh that will be very pretty . i think i will do the restraints
hi there ! how are you ?
i am cooking some spice mexican food .
have you been to mexico ? i have , also to europe .
cool ! i would love to swim in australia oceans .
i do not have any siblings but i used to collect ladybugs with friends .
not really , i help a lot my mom when she is cleaning houses .
nice ! but i will pass that .
good morning ! just got off work what about you ?
ten ? what are you doing up so early ? or up so late ?
the smell of french fries on me from work will keep me up .
i eat too many . its because they are too small .
how many friends you have ? i have many , but cannot count well .
is she a math teacher .
hi there , how are you ?
hi there , how are you ?
excellent . i am just a student . i am 20 . you ?
awesome . are you male or female ?
cool . i was born male but transitioned three years ago .
they were very supportive . the u . s . is a good place for the surgery too .
i already had it when i was 17 ,
hello , how is it going
i fell in love this past summer
i live with my best friend on a lake
although i have to go i really dislike school
i am the shortest average american youth
i like to enjoy my summer by reading and walking
it was a nice day out today
nothing is too typical especially when you love doing it .
hi good morning and how are you today ?
or really . i do not take salad either . prefer my pizza all the time
oh so sorry . so how do you cope ?
you can come ride with me in my new car if you have the time
i cherish new vehicles a lot and just bought one . love pets too
totowa mylander 2016 . i have a dog too
hello is there anyone there ?
i am the leader of the free world , i am all over tv .
before i rule the country , i used to have many business but now i tweet all day .
i would like to think so , yeah
have you seen taj mahal ? that was mines at time .
you like basketball too ? how about come to a game with me .
i can do that , money is no factor i will put it on my tab .
what kind of car ?
hi do you want to travel with me ?
do you have an iphone ?
do you prefer headsets or earbuds ?
what is your favorite color ?
red . i guess we do not have anything in common .
well lets go . where do you want to travel to ?
korea . i want to go there .
how is korea scary ? yes all the time
hey there how are you today ?
i am ready to get off an make pizza
pizza is what we are doing for dinner
i bet my kids too , like cats ?
i like basketball an i have a cat name mater
no not really i do not
my grandpa like ice cream my fav is butter pecan
how are you doing today
i am great . i wish it were sunnier .
i can not even let my dogs out
i know . they just want to enjoy a nice day .
do you have any kids
i have seven of them
it keeps me on my feet
do you want to watch some sports with me ?
hmmm all of them , baseball the most ,
no , i work too much , what about you ?
i can come over for the nationals game , eat pizza
great , i want you to pay for it though
no i just want to feel loved
oh , well i guess . who cares ? ?
says who ? i am a guy , i want a bromance
yo wassup ? go pittsburgh steelers !
he just thinks he is my ex what does that mean ?
i see . almost sounds like the plot of a good broadway show !
really ? lol . . . how long have you been together ?
wow . you are just north of crazy , if you do not mind my saying !
lol . you sound like my kind of girl . do you get to travel a lot ?
haha . no need ! ! ! just making conversation !
lol . suddenly my stomach hurts . . . every heard of avett brother , the band ?
hey hows it going today ?
i am okay . i just had knee surgery so trying to take it easy
oh that is cool ! i hope it hurries and gets better so i can play basketball overseas lol
just playing basketball . i played in college . thankfully just graduated
thanks ! how old are you ?
well thank you for your service ! tell me something interesting about you
fun ! i am 7ft tall if that is interesting lol
only a basketball player if my knee heals lol . what branch were you in ?
well thank you for your service ! we definitely stand for the flag here !
hello ! how goes it today ?
wonderful ! do you like to read ? i adore reading .
i am bilingual . i read mostly in english . i also love reading in french .
i go through approximately 3 books in a week , sometimes more , i have lots of free time
sports are not my thing . i never finished high school , it was boring , i dropped out
my favorite color is red , blue is nice . i started reading at 3 years old
i just turned 30 this year
i do , i am a single mom , 18 month old girl, but if I could, I would love to travel the world with my daughter.
hey what's going on ? how are you
oh no that is awful . i love riding horses so i could not deal with allergies
i could never give my horse away . being an only child , my horse is my companion
yea , no allergies for me . are you in a relationship ?
no i am not . i do not think love exists . i am down for other stuff though
i would ; i am also adopted . so i have no idea where my real parents are
good evening , how was your day ?
how fun ! i have not tried that before .
oh ? what is your favorite ?
orange reminds me of the earth in nevada . i miss it .
i grew up there ! maybe i saw you play ?
i love it ! i used to charter bands back and forth in my private plane .
i stopped after a bad accident . i moved to new mexico to start over .
the sunsets are beautiful this time of year .
hello how are you today ?
i am alright . what do you drive ? i love my black pick up .
that is still nice . my pickup truck is a ford .
regular i suppose . what do you eat ?
i do not think i would eat sushi .
i really like to drive pick up trucks all the time , even in my spare time .
are you married ? how old are your children ?
what do you do for hobbies ?
hi how are you today
i am doing pretty good . do you like food
i cook and bake and travel too, I wish I could tour with Frank Ocean like you do.
could godzilla fit in it ? wow
i live in the ocean so i am scared of godzilla
just cooking and stuff . foods .
hey there , how are you ?
sorry to hear that . are you a perfectionist ?
do you have friends or family you can talk to ?
do you have any hobbies you enjoy ? anything that makes you happy ?
i really like to read . maybe you could find a book to help you ?
i just moved to a new state . moving is a lot of work !
yup . exciting , but sad . moved away from my family farm i grew up on
probably , but i am sure everything will work out okay
hi there , how are you today ?
great ! tell me about yourself .
interesting . . . i am a 22 year old college graduate with an education degree
i recently accepted a job at an elementary school in my hometown
i am a 1st grade teacher i enjoying teaching children .
i believe it was real . . . but who knows ? really ?
i will love to dig deeper into that , but i am unpacking my new apartment
hi . i fixed an old car that somebody gave me .
an old ford . you know car mechanics very well ?
good for you ! that is a good job to have .
it does take patience to work on automobiles and a lot of learning .
do you like music ? i like all kinds .
my hobby is also listening to older music on vinyl records
maybe someday we can do that . i am always busy doing something .
hi ! how are you today ?
you are welcome ! would you like to meet percy my dog ?
i think a mut . i got him after my cat who recently passed away
i research trains . i love trains . and you ?
you do ? ! i am so jealous . did you ever watch thomas the tank engine ?
doing just fine thank you . and you ?
oh real young . my poppa still buys me trains
hi there . i am an accountant . you ?
reading is fun , i love leprechaun books . i believe in them .
my mom went nuts when i was 3 and abandoned me in ireland .
i do not have a family . my dog rover is my best friend .
nice ! they are the best .
i love country . especially tyler farr . swoon .
gasp ! how could you not like country ! ? even leprechauns like it .
hello how are you today
do you know anything about farms
do you have kids at home
how many kids do you have
what is middle aged these days
i do not have any yet
i am in the same bracket
there is always adoption and technology is improving
hello there how are we ?
i am more of a subtitle fanatic myself but sports overseas is serious business
yes and that is why i love to try and learn new languages . , ,
otaku here and yes its where i started my love for the subtitle flicks
no i have not what culture is that from ?
i get bored easily and my lifestyle is boring at the moment hence always looking
i know hence i cant wait to travel abroad maybe australia i do not know yet
yes their lifestyle is so different then here in the us
hi how are you doing
pretty good though i burnt me eggs again this morning
i suck at cooking i need lessons clearly
ah i am a vegan but i eat eggs hard to find good recipes
its called ovo vegetarian but the only non vegan thing eat is eggs
i live cali what about you
ugh i like my job but my commute is the worst
its an hour but the slow traffic makes it worse
hey ! how are you ?
i am ok just got back from practice . . why are you cold ?
i play 3rd base for a local team . do you play sports ?
ice fishing ? i like to read and walk my dog
pillaging eh ? lol ! what do you like to dine on ?
i am not that normal . . i do have a green piano ! fava beans ?
hey , you want to go skiing ?
yeah , i guess we would have to travel too far . i miss russia .
i am here alone taking business courses .
oh , that stinks ! listen to some rock and roll , that helps me .
who is edm ? maybe i will try it . need something to listen too when i travel .
sound interesting . do you produce any yourself ?
hello how are you tonight
i am great as well just went for a run
that sounds fun i like blue wine
no it is cheap just my favorite color
doctor right now used to be a nurse
that must be real nice i would love that
i would have to agree that is great
just 1 son how about you
hello , how are you doing today ?
no problem , tell me something about you
ohh , that's great . do you like to play guitar ?
yeah , i like to play bass guitar . what is your hobby ?
for me , i like to go out for fishing and playing guitar .
i work as a sales manager
long beach , what about you ?
hello how is your day today ?
nice ! i just got done swimming ! lol
yep i love race cars and researching everything about them you ?
i love video games to whats your favorite game and system ?
i love video games whats your fav game ?
fps and racing games obv lol
how are you doing today
i love the steelers
we been doing pretty good lately
yeah well you cant win every game
i am a stay at home mom for now
that is cool how do you like it
what are u going for your masters
1 5 1 3 4 and 5
hey , are you the guy i met at that metal show last night ?
oh me too ! i could not even work out today , i am so tired .
i hear ya , i work from home as a writer so i took today off .
what type of business is it ?
do you sell much organic food there ?
that is great ! back home in kentucky farmers markets and organic produce is important .
good for her ! my boyfriends does not care about it as much as i would like .
ha ! great tactic , i will try that .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i would like one too , but i am working in the morning so i cannot .
i am a truck driver , that is great that you quit .
it is long and boring . i am away from home too much .
i do , my wife is at home , she is a chef .
she does , when i retire we are going to travel .
i have been everywhere , and only seen the highway .
true , i would love to have another career .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am nervous for my first day of school monday
what grades do they teach ?
what do you do for a living ?
what are you majoring in ?
hi how are you this evening ?
lol do you like animals ? i do more than people i think .
cool ! i have many different kinds of pets .
what do you do for fun ? i enjoy being in nature with the wild life .
interesting . i like volunteering at the animal shelters .
candy is good , are you ready for halloween ?
yes you seem like quite a character .
hello how are you today ?
well i have been at work for 12 hours working on a project
it is an advertising campaign i am hoping to get a promotion
i have been working very hard on this project and expect to get noticed
i grew up without any parents in an orphanage
they died in a car wreck when i was five
i like to hang out with my friends
i am about to have pizza . i love that . do you ?
i agree . i love mine with all the meats and stuffed crust .
i also like to skateboard a lot .
i am still in high school .
do you like doing that ?
i play the guitar sometimes .
that sounds like it would be fun .
my family never does anything together .
hi how are you doing
i am just finishing up a really good book . what are you up to ?
piece of advice keep it classy , appeal to the introverts like me !
whats the name of your brand ? i will look for it
i like the name ! what inspired you to create such a creative brand name ?
very creative . i have a masters in creative writing so i just love creative people !
ahahah very nice ! i like the blue background . the bibs are cute too .
a great place to reflect is the beach if you want to expand your abilities
hiya , how are you doing today ?
great , just finished helping out at the soup kitchen .
hey everyone needs to work ! i even like to work out .
my favorite is running to hedm . christian electronic dance music baby !
oh i am not a fan of spice , unless its the girls . i like chicken .
we just donated from cameras at the church
hey . how are you on this beautiful saturday ?
oh really that is nice . i have to work . i am a cop in detroit .
my beat is the suburbs so it is not too bad .
yes i do but sometimes i take off to go horseback riding .
so do i . i was raised on a kansas farm .
wow . what kind of store do they have ?
that is cool . my wife and I plan to go scuba diving soon .
that is cool . my wife and I plan to go scuba diving soon .
hi how are you today
nice do you have any dogs
i have a dog that looks just ilke lassie
i do advertising and stuff
yeah my life is not like mad men though
i am not . is your mom alvie
oh well tell her to get over it . mine died
i write fiction novels in my spare time
hi how are you ?
it is beautiful ! . i was just outside walking my dogs
i have 2 pitbulls . do you have any animals ?
sometimes i wish i was still in college . my job has me working nights
i am a security guard . it is a good job , just tiering
what stadium ? where do you live ?
that is cool . i played football in college to . but that was a long time ago
i am so annoyed today
yeah maybe . could your puppy make my boyfriend get a job ?
i need help taking care of my daughter but he does not care
i could go for some food . my boyfriend would be jealous .
he is jealous of everything . not specifically you
maybe , how much does that cost
he has no money and i really do not want to buy him any
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well . whats your favorite food ?
i love hot dogs with mac and cheese . and pizza . and burritos . . .
i am a dancer . what about you ?
wow , that takes a lot of patience . do you like it ?
that is a good thing . its hard to have a job you do not enjoy .
hello . how are you this evening ?
yeah . me too . that is how i feel right now anyway .
i am an editor at a major publication .
yeah . forget about it for a minute . what do you do for fun ?
are you pretty ripped ? i am going shopping tomorrow .
i have a new sweater but it does not fit . i am going to return it .
sure if you do not mind being around a guy who smells like french fries .
uh . ok ! lets be shopping buddies !
hi i am stacy . how are you ?
i am fine . i am 10 years old . how old are you ?
i love pets . i like to my walk my dog and play with my cat .
it is really nice . good weather for dog walk .
i do what sports do you like ?
wow so you kick the football into the goal ?
oh ok . that makes more sense now .
how are you ? i am home sorting out old clothes to donate to the homeless .
i wonder if your snake would eat my beta fish ?
do you like poetry ? i write poems .
do you like guns ? i am the head of our gun club .
i enjoy golfing with my friends on sunny days .
i would think it is too hot .
i would like to visit a desert just for the experience .
hello care to chat before my walk ?
oh no ! . i am very sorry to hear about that . I wish I had pursued a career in culinary arts.
do you have any fond memories from your childhood ?
does that still happen ? or something from the past ?
ah i get visits from my grandchildren too .
i like cooking for my family
coffee is the best sometimes i have it black , sometimes i have a little creamer .
ha , i have to go work on dinner . talk to you later .
i do not know if i have got what it takes to be an elementary school teacher . . .
haha , but i am such a bad example to kids man .
sure , but if i cannot eat my veggies how can i tell kids to ? !
i could try , but i am also bad at handling backtalk . bad temper , or short .
what if we all just sat around and sang alands morisette songs instead ? ll
what ? that seems like the best route for college kids !
jocks can be sensitive too !
what kind of game does not have room for good music ?
hi how are you today ?
i am great thanks . do you have any plans today ?
i work at a book store . do you like to read ?
yes my favorite book is all quiet on the western front . whats your favorite book
i actually have not finished harry potter yet .
i played the lotto with coworkers , some sort of pool .
that sounds excited . i hope you win too
yes i like riding horses and running . what do you like to do
one day i want to go to uk , and skate there too .
where in the us , i like to write poetry and you ?
what is your favorite color ? mine is black
yes i do , what do you watch ?
i like to watch heroes , and shows like that
ha ha , that was a few years ago . . .
hey i am tully thanks for chatting with me , how are you ?
smashing . cool name lele . i once met a lele teaching my high school classes
i teach yoga to high school kids 3 times a week , you ?
whats that ? what kind of company ?
wow pretty neat ! do you like it ?
nice ! what are you selling ? anything i might buy ?
hi , how are you today ?
good . i am getting ready to go out for drinks with some friends .
no , i graduated a couple of years ago .
tell me something you could not live without .
oh . i could not live without my cell phone . it is sad .
yeah . it really is pretty sad .
yeah , same here ! what kind of phone do you have ?
awesome . that is the same one i have .
hi , where are you from ?
your cat gambles too ? icp is playing in vegas tonight ! you a fan ?
never . sounds like a name i could use while larp ing though ! what do you look like ?
i have golden hair , and long legs . not particularly thin though . .
i read a lot of interior design books for my job . took much reading , not enough exercise .
i thought i was getting enough when i did larp . ever try that ?
what is your favorite book ? i read an autobiography if insane clown posse recently .
hello ! how are you ? what is your favorite color ?
i think my favorite is probably red , are you a dancer ?
do you have brothers sisters ? i do not . i am all alone !
are you in school ? i am a college student .
we eat a lot of pizza in school haha , but it is my favorite !
i am an art major
what is that ? i am not really sure .
hello . i am paul . how are you
hi lucy . its that time , winter . i just love the snow and the cold .
hiking . i need to stay active due to me eating so much fast food
what do you do ? i myself an a national guard office in public affairs liaison
very commendable field . i worked in the medical field prior to design .
yes actually . a cat named majora .
awe . i too had a dog who i miss very much . he is in hawaii .
hey , how are you doing ? want to join a band ?
you do not have to worry about it , i have like 9 guitars if you wanna borrow .
mcdonald ? ! how could you buy into that ? i do not eat meat , they mistreat their animals .
i guess i can understand that . . . maybe i can help you with your class ?
oh , i know a lot about women studies ! i am a women studies major , minor in music .
i play the piano for them , but the pianos a little hard to integrate with rock .
i guess i am just accustomed . i have been playing since i was little . anything is possible .
huh ? why does turning left scare you ?
hello ! i hope you are having a nice night . . . or day , if you live around the globe !
i am from indiana . my dad lives in china for work though .
he is in banking . its all more than i understand . what do you like to do ?
i also love music ! kingdom come by coldly is my favorite for now
i bet that gets old ! i like music that i can run to
i ran track for school . what was that one time ? so mysterious .
spooky . . . my dog would go ballistic at that . do you have an easter bunny phobia ?
i bet . i would never close that closet again .
hi how are you doing
ho i stay at home while my husband works
that is an interesting job do you like to cook
not too much i am a vegan so i like to do a lot of meal prep
it is i have not been doing it for very long i love meat
do you still live in baltimore
i am in the midwest i would love to visit one day
hi , how are you doing ?
i am ok . just recovering from breaking my arm for the second time .
nice ! i am actually unemployed at the moment because of my arm .
yeah this happened at a terrible time . how long have you been playing ?
wow ! do you have any siblings who play too ?
that must be awesome ! i have a huge family so its always been chaotic .
hi how are you doing today ?
i am good what do you do for work
i am in 9th grade so i cannot yet .
i play hockey so maybe the nhl
it is . i am a boy !
when i drive i might get both
my dog passed away . i am so sad .
my yard is so empty now .
maybe . my boys and my husband are not doing well .
i am an artist .
what inspired you to do that ?
nice . my inspiration is in the world
like someone skiing down a snowy mountain
hello from nevada how are you ?
haha was not me promise i am normally in new mexico but i am visiting
what are you looking to get into ? i was a pilot
cool i never had family i was an orphan . parents were in an accident
its all good do you like pets ? i have a dog
oh when are you going there ?
nice hopefully it is a good time over there
i do not blame you its a new place
how is it going today ?
good , but i had to go to the eye doctor .
i broke my glasses when i stepped on them .
its because of my big feet , you know 6 toes and all .
yeah , but since i cannot find boots that fit i hate to go skiing .
do you go ocean fishing ?
yeah , i assumed that is what you meant .
hello ! how are you today ?
cool . i was listening to linkin park in my room .
a unicycle seems hard . and it is a band .
i do not know if i could do that . do you like anything else ?
you do a lot . wow . i like to play arcade games is all .
that is a lot of cats . i do not have any animals .
i do not . i have autism so it is hard for me to work .
hi , jen here . i newly divorced and looking for something new .
wow ! my best friend is name lady and she walk on four legs .
great height . lady is my exercise coach . we run in the park .
guru ? ll . after the park , lady and i relax gaming . i have gamer awards .
amen . when i am gaming i do a lot of praying myself .
i would call you guru cool breeze based on what i have learned about you .
ll . you are a guru and i am a video game champion . whats next ?
this is scary . lady and i love adventure too . we both are available .
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
doing well , just got off work and fed my dog . do you have pets ?
i bet ! i only have the one dog and he is stressful enough !
that is cool . i really like fishing . do you hike or camp ? fish ?
i would have to say red . any plans for the coming weekend ?
awesome ! i have been working on a boat i am building . its nearly finished .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am okay . i just got done dancing .
it is a dance program for preschool aged girls like myself .
yes , i love it as much as i love zebras . do you have pets ?
oh okay . are you in college ?
cool . what are you studying ?
i see you love the pizza business
i like the beach also . swimming is fun .
i can not believe i am going to be a senior next week !
yep and we got a hockey team this year , so it wil be great
they could buck you off though . well i am a bit unset my bff moved .
yeah , you are probably right . my mom paints horses , arabians .
yeah horse paintings are cool . you like bud horses ? they live in st . louis .
they are pretty big horses . beautiful though .
i need to go purchase my school supplies tonight .
it starts in a few days . excited .
hello how are you today ?
not anymore i am a retired school teacher how about you
i spent thirty years in arizona teaching , now i garden and ride my horses
i spent six years teaching elementary then moved to middle school .
i loved to teach math
do you have any hobbies ?
i am getting ready to bake a cake for my grandsons birthday
hi my name is ben and i like to drink cappuccino .
yeah , i live across the street from my folks
yeah same here ! ! i am getting my graduates degree in nursing soon
i enjoy reading true crime books
i work at starbucks as a manger there , and it helps to get by .
eh it gets me by to pay for things here and there .
for now and knowing that i am getting my nursing degree helps .
its a lot of work but it is worth it .
hi , whats your name ? i am gerald .
i like to listen to rock , and i am going to try and catch a concert .
not really . what are you doing ?
do you play a lot of football ? i play basketball .
cool . whats your favorite color ? mine is green .
what kind of dog do you have ?
hey there , how are you today ?
awesome ! any plans for the weekend ?
i will probably hit up half price books and do some reading this weekend .
the incredible journey , it's about a cat and 2 dogs getting lost in the wilderness
no i am not , i live at home . how about you ?
oh nice , yea i just have my cat as of right now
his name is Pepper .
tell me a bit about yourself !
i like to watch funny sitcoms and read thrillers of the political kind
nope ! scared of needles . once i chatted with guy covered in tats on the subway
i have a cat too named venus . i love your cats name
so adorable . just remember the day i got her , meowed in my honda all the way home
they really are . they are so intuitive and loving . totally misunderstood
hello how are you this fine evening ?
i bet you miss the children . there is one set of twins in my family
all my girlfriends cheated on me but one
cool sounds very interesting
random . . i love to make fart noises with my arm lol
lol i can even make some musical songs too
love Chinese we have it delivered to our house
i am so proud of the women in my life . my wife is a survivor
she fought breast cancer an our daughter top of her graduating class !
i must be i have trained over 20 animals
cool , i am a zookeeper
how old are the dogs ? i like them all
awwwww what do you do ?
sounds fun ! do not fly near the keys !
not really lol just my bella she is a yorkie
aloha my good friend how are you
the weather is awesome for some surfing
how about you teach me hockey and i teach you to surf
living near the ocean is awesome
cold makes me sad like red meat does
i think we can both agree that sunsets are amazing though
not all fish is bad tuna steaks are good eats !
hey there friend , what is new ?
that is great ! i wish i could get out of this warehouse job .
that would be a dream , huh ? it would distract me from my video games at least .
i have an xbox but i prefer pc gaming .
my son was playing games constantly until i grounded him . now he gets as .
hmm , i saved a snapping turtle from a four lane highway .
awesome ! i only eat meat a couple times a month .
i agree ! i feel guilty when i eat it .
how are you doing today
i understand that . i do zumba
i am sorry about that
did you teach yourself how to do it
did being short hinder you
that is a very funny joke
do you like beans at all
hi , have you read any good books lately ?
i have not either . i do not leave my house . i have agoraphobia .
parrots are fun . my sisters keep me company and provide for me .
that is too bad . what happened ?
what do you do ? since i do not leave , i keep the house spotless and cook .
do you sell your pictures ?
it is good to do what you enjoy . believe it or not , i love cleaning .
hi there ! i am taking a break from studying ! how are you ?
so , whats your favorite food ? i think that tells a lot about a person .
interesting . my fav is pizza and i love sushi too . i learned to make it , its fun .
oh okay , sounds fun . what types of videos ? music , educational , diy , etc ?
aw ! i love dog videos . i wish i had a dog , i am too busy with my masters . I wish I could have a pumpkin patch in my backyard.
i am in social sciences , its interesting how people interact differently
not really , i should learn more about it
how are you doing today
i am great . do you like music ?
who is that ? i have never heard of him .
have you listened to him your whole life
what is that like ? i have never been .
have you ever seen anything interesting
that sounds really fun . i wish i had time for that .
i work so much . it is hard .
hi how are you doing
that is nice what do you do for a living
cool i own a company
i did not go to school i just got my parents' company
i live in texas its so hot in the summer
yeah but i was north so i was not affected
yes i am do you like his work
hi there , do you garden as much as i do ?
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i have a cat , i call him felix
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
do you have any pets ?
i really really like dogs
no , i rather stay home and cook .
that is absolutely great just fantastic
hi there ! how is your day going ?
pretty good ! tired from going from audition to audition today .
are you a health nut ?
well , that is good for you ! i try to limit my carbs these days .
sounds great ! i really like music ! classical jazz especially .
i like meeting celebrities . that is why i am trying to get into hollywood !
sounds very relaxing ! do you live around an area with a beach ?
that is great ! maybe open that juice bar by the beach then !
do you think romance is overrated ?
i do not either . but i am fascinated with war and romance . i read about it. I wish I had the opportunity to study war and romance in college.
i am taking a couple years off . currently in the army .
that sounds like an interesting job . is it ?
i enjoy sports . . . boxing is fun ! do you
that is cool but i have gotta say . playing is even more fun than watching
hi , i am an amateur painter , hoping to sell my work some time .
what sort of work do you do ?
it is great that you are able to do what you love .
do you have a family of your own ? children ?
married , i have 2 boys .
not so bad , my sister has 5 . that is a challenge .
no , not yet . who is your best friend ?
how long is she staying for ?
hello can you tell me something about yourself ?
not quite that old yet . i am 59 yrs young
yes i have my own business making and selling cupcakes . poyou like baked goods ?
its bobs bakery and we deliver locally . how is the computer business ?
no but it sounds like a promising idea . what kind of dogs do you have ?
they seem like nice companions . i just have a room mate who is my best friend
no not yet we do not get a lot of channels
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . waiting on my two boys to get home .
no , they are about average .
no , they are very average . do you have any hobbies ?
i love cross country and basketball .
i did . he is from nc , same state i am from .
what do you do for fun ?
i do not have a job .
hello how are you today ?
same here . i thought i would watch some tv before i am off to bed
i was in the mood for some hamburgers tonight
i actually have been listening to old jazz lately . whats your favorite music ?
oh that is cool do you freelance or work for a studio ?
oh so your father does 3d models as well i am guessing ?
oh ok that is cool . i am a programmer and look into more of the arts lately
i am good hope you are doing well
i do . i enjoy walking in the summer
i have to wake up in the morning . i do not want to go to class .
just the basics . i have to also move all my stuff this weekend .
it is a new apartment on the lake
yes i think i fell in love for the guy in the office .
i think he is taken . he has a nice body .
he looks like thor . i have a boyfriend too .
hey how are you doing
that is awesome maybe i could model it .
yea i need extra practice being comfortable modeling in front of people .
yea since i been dieting i feel great
yea ever since i beat cancer i have a new outlook on life
yea i like to think so . do you have hobbies
hello ! how are you ? do you exercise ?
i really should , but i keep putting it off . my bike is waiting for me .
i had a purple swimsuit , but my 3 dogs chewed it up .
me too . i just finished eating 2 donuts . need to take my blood sugar now .
i have to take my blood sugar every day . can you guess why ?
not yet . so i can have more donuts .
uh , oh . the dogs got to my bicycle .
they went for a ride over to your house to check out the pool .
good morning , what are you up to today ?
hi lance , i am bob . doing well , i just got back from the gym
truck driving , huh ? what do you listen to on the road ? metallica is my driving jam
true ! what is your favorite ? i like the animal ones , i have a weird cat .
fair enough . you close to your parents ?
in between at the moment , but i do a lot of cooking . mostly chicken and rice
true , true . so what else is new ?
hello ! i am cinder ! hows your day been ?
that sounds fun . i am singing along to the radio while i cook dinner .
pickle stew ! ll actually spaghetti . i love to cook !
always ! and debating tonights exercise . i am a slow runner but a very fast swimmer . . .
ll gold ! the color of my high school swim team trophies !
i have heard that before . something about it being the absence of color ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am good ! just finished organizing the pantry .
i love all food . i really love cooking . baking is boring though . you ?
no , i stay at home with my kids . i wish i could though .
i have 4 kids . i keep my sanity by running daily !
that is very sweet of you . family is very important .
you will be rewarded for your kindness . i believe in karma .
wow ! that is impressive ! what type of shows do you like ?
hello ! how are you ?
not as much . i like being with my family .
i do not . i want a dog , but my son is blind and i worry he would trip .
that might be a bit much for me to do at the moment .
i do . i have a green Saturn . my sister has the same one !
me for sure . she is a total slob . very different even though we are twins .
i wish we had . jessica wanted to but i was always worried we would get caught .
married ?
hello there !
i am a waitress , what do you do ?
that is cool , my favorite band is nirvana . tell me about you
that is cool , are you overall happy with life ? i am
that is cool i remain happy even though my car needs repairs
it really is , it costs so much to go see a good mechanic
good morning ! i just got my nails done yesterday , i do it every saturday
it is . i work for a lawyer . . . i am the receptionist . you ?
my family runs a grocery store so i also work there
what are you studying for ? i like to daydream about visiting paris and the cafes
that is time consuming . i low key watch wwe so i would not have time for that
i hope so , thank you
it is a type of wrestling
yes it is something i do in secret
my friend kim lives in japan .
yeah , i have never been out of new york myself .
wow , do you live in the city ?
i walk dogs for a living too . small world for sure .
i do the same thing when i am sad . are you my doppelganger ?
it really is small even though it seems huge .
that would definitely be great .
i think they would like that a lot .
hi , how are you today ? my kids are acting up . . . sigh . . .
i am eating lunch in the teachers lounge today .
yes , i have an autistic son and that is why i got into teaching . you ?
wow ! my son and daughter and me thank you for your service !
definitely ! nothing better than going to see snow on winter break and snowboarding !
i lived in wa , my husband is a soldier too , i am used to cold .
yes , a son and a daughter , you ?
i am sure that you will find the right person , i divorced and remarried
how are you doing today ?
i am actually a programmer so yes . helped create facebook .
what area were you in ?
do you miss work now ? or really enjoy your time now ?
must have a lot of wisdom !
what shows do you watch on bbc ?
do not know that one .
ok what else do you like ?
hello , do you like bruno mars ?
i am well . just woke up from a nap
i do . i have to get up early to catch my bus to school .
in cleveland ohio , where are you ?
i do , cookie and fudge .
i like sweets , lol . they are puppies .
i do not work . i am a junior in high school
where do you like to shop ?
anything that you like to buy
do you have a dollar tree
i know they have everything
i do that too, interesting
that is great i make crafts
they have different items for everything
some time i get the chips and cookies
hi , nice to chat with you . where are you located ?
i live in washington but was also in maryland for awhile going to school
its great ! what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! i hope to retire soon . i just signed on with the washington wizards
nice ! i bet that was great ! are you a big fan of his ?
what other things do you like to do ?
i have 4 . i have a large house so it works .
it is but i have great staff .
hi how are you doing today
i am doing great . i was looking into travel .
i have been there . it is great .
what is ultimate ? i have never heard
that is an interesting game
how old is he or she
animals are great if you do not travel too much
people are mean at times
how are you today
i am great a little chilly here
i am in wv i do not i hate summer
i love sea food i like shrimp and crabs
i eat it alot as a kid so i hate it now
i love to play sports and bake
i love the beach to i love the water period
hello , how are you this beautiful day ?
i am great . just celebrated my 3rd wedding anniversary with my husband last night .
i am still doing good , lol
thank you ! what about you ? do you have a family ?
org , that is fantastic ! ! congratulations ! !
unfortunately , no i do not . i do however have two small dogs , peanut and jelly .
yes , i really do . we would have to adopt though .
its okay , really . what about you ? are you looking forward to mini yous ?
good morning how is it going
i am known as iron skittles in the skittles universe
although i never ate candy i my life, if I ate healthier, I might have even more energy.
i am a professional skittles player like of all time
in my spare time i like to look at anime and baseball
my all time best mlb player is bartolo colon
its ok to be lame if you do not understand
what a bummer but ok cool
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing pretty good . what are you doing tonight ?
what kind of recipe was it ?
that sounds really good ! i am watching movies .
superhero movies . they are my favorites , my brother and i used to pretend we were superheros .
superman . i would pretend to be him so i could wear a cape .
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am great from going surfing earlier , i go any chance i get
sounds like a dream ! although my actual dreams can often get bizarre
i have dreamt that i was married . but i could never actually commit to one person
in reality , the muggers is my favorite band . but in my dream , it was the muppets !
right ? ? i do not know if i could listen to kermit miss piggy singing all the time
thanks ! maybe i will when i am taking a break from surfing
hello how are you ?
i love baseball and it helps to play when i am down
i do not either with the wife and kids
my wife do not like me either she loves our 2 cats and the dog more
wow lucky you ! how much did you win ?
i was in a race for 1 million dollars but i lost because i hate to run
i bet you are good . what else do you like ?
that is nice and relaxing
hello , my name is andrew . how are you ?
very cool . i am an avid reader . what do you write ?
sounds fun . i love going swimming . I wish I could swim like a fish.
i have to be careful when i do because i suffer from epilepsy .
oh , okay . what is your family like ? i have one child , a boy .
no kids ? a peaceful life ! my folks are split up . are yours ?
i see . you are a healthy person , it sounds like .
commendable . i admire that . although i confess i eat a burger sometimes .
hey there , this is rob
i am fed up with my girlfriend . .
i want to move out . . but she does not want me to do that
yeah i know that . . it is pretty old
i used to watch . . but now i did not . . . now i watch movies with my gf
i only want to move out . . . now she is making my life hell
hey how is it going
what sorry to hear that is everyone okay
that is okay it happens , i use to be a nurse be sure to get checked out
great that good to hear , i have to paint my fence tommorrow
white and yellow i really like painting
really that sounds awesome like to arm wrester and bake bagels
what do you do for a living ?
i make a living as a cartographer
hey do you have any unique features ? i got 3 thumbs
how come ? it is a lot of unemployed people
i guess there is nothing wrong with that
only if you can not afford them
so you are just pretty much spoiled ? lol
awww what is the puppy name ?
i love animals . i have a red bird which is my fave color
yes . i like steak and potatoes , you ?
i love the mall . do you ?
i go there a lot . i enjoy it a lot .
i walk there at times or i ride my bike .
i am actually deaf and do not even hear music .
i am used to it . my friends are ok with it as well .
so do i . how cool is that ?
i have a pug dog .
he is called corky . he is so cute .
i love going there but only have one time .
do you live in city or rural area i am from a quiet rural area
do you work i retired a few years ago to help my friends spend time with husband
nursing is special i also like to help people
i am not young anymore i am an older lady i like to do charity stuff
yes it can help people out which is good
crafting making soaps and candles
what do you like to do
cool i like ufc which is similar
hello , is this vegetarians anonymous ?
well , i thought this is was night owl go to vent about meat
same . . . why eat them when we can play them music like on a piano
music is life . . . dancing to anything with a beat is the best
i hear that . . . but i can only take so much sun , love the night
at a bar midtown
unless you count my cats , no lol
what is your favorite food ? i am a picky eater .
i would really like to be a teacher one day . what is your job ?
yes , but i have a bad temper . its a short temper .
i would hope i could control it . what do you love ?
it is beautiful . more than anything , i have a huge love for my dog .
it does not snow where i live . i live in the south us . you ?
i am sure it is . i would love to travel and see snow . i prefer sunshine .
but we are in hurricane paths .
do you want to bake with me and my daughters ?
i guess i could just bake for you .
no not really . there are a lot of racist people on there
yeah , they hate people from saudi arabia
can you hitchhike your way onto a plane ?
yes , very close . what about you ?
why ? that is so crazy .
how are you today , any fun plans ?
that is a cool job , i work at a clothing store
i do both because i love to shop
yeah i get to help people find their style .
that is really cool , what position do you play ?
its okay , my husband was a linebacker in high school .
oh hi there , how are you ?
checking out the some new technology . it fascinates me .
i do ! they make these tiny sweaters for my dog there . she is smaller then my cat .
it ust be easy to do since you work there .
she is okay , i really like that one song she had last summer .
i missed it , i was out free diving . it was so much fun .
lol , diving ! like in the ocean .
honestly , i am not all that great at it either .
hey i am into sports love football . i play professionally
i play for the baltimore ravens had some tackles 128
of course in football we love it i am a linebacker
yes it will ! come get a ticket 1 day
that is cool you are pretty cool with me .
where is it ? i am sure its annoying .
hi there , did you grow up near oceans like me ?
what is your favorite color ?
i like walking on the beach .
i really really like dogs
yea we travel a lot
to get pizza he loves it
all kinds really even the meat lovers.
i have a best friend
hi how are you doing today
that is awesome i just got done baking a cake .
yes i bake a lot for friends here in texas .
where are you from ?
my mom use to teach band . i to was in band .
that seems exciting ! i am a stay at home mom for now .
yes , i understand . my kids are young .
hey how are you doing
great , wish i had more money
catch up on my rent , pay electric bill catch on certain things
i am from california , what bout you ?
wow cool cool , i enjoy writing , your hobbies ?
nice , i really enjoy pens , i am obsessed with them
really ! way cool , get me a pen haha
heh man whats up
awsome dude just scored something heavy !
scored some camping gear , cheap !
dude man , gonna check out bob wier !
yeah i have not taken in a show in awhile .
gotta be less than ten words i guess .
many times at the dead concerts !
hey there . how is it going ?
i am okay too . woke up missing my father today .
he passed . usually , i larp deep in the forest when i feel this way .
woah . i still live with my mom and i am 32 .
mom cooks once i the general return from the forest with my orcish army .
it is a world of warcraft reference . do you watch game of thrones ?
it is a good television show . also , stranger things rocks !
what does she believe in as an alternative ? that is intriguing
hello ! what are you doing ?
me too . i am working on building another computer .
what do you like to do ?
i have a dog . she is wonderful . i also collect bugs .
i am 30 . you ?
i ran for school board several years ago because of my interest in schools .
i started collecting bugs when i was your age . what do you like to do ?
have you eaten asparagus lately ?
oh no ! i can sense when people have but not online of course .
that does not sound healthy . you should have a nice medium rare steak .
that is terrible , i am sorry .
i understand . are you married ?
dude , black mirror is great .
are you a coffee drinker ? i have 5 types currently .
it must be hard being you .
hi ! how are you today !
great ! i just got home from the beach !
how many dogs do you have ! ! !
we do not allow dogs at my beach ! i am a lifeguard !
not really ! it happens less than baywatch !
pizza is my fave ! what about you ?
maybe i have seen some of your fish ! ll !
hi , my name is chad , i have red hair , long . how are you ?
seven ? wow . i live alone with my 10 cats .
you should try blue jello with your friends , it is my favorite
super good , i love all kind of food except asparagus , i do not eat that
i told you that i have lot of cats , so I have to be single
chat to strangers over the internet while eating blue jello d
kinda weird combination , love it
that is what counts , i can not do much while taking care of my cats
i wish i could get out of work and hit the lake with my fishing pole .
come with me ! i will cook whatever we catch .
whiskey ? i have dogs named bourbon , whiskey , and rye .
thanks ! i actually designed them a house that is about 800 square feet .
yes . i am an architect . i love koalas ! you have one ?
where ? that sounds like quite the vacation .
that sounds incredible ! good fishing down there i bet too .
i will . thanks for the suggestion . have you been there before ?
hello do you need a mechanic ?
sweet i will be going to college soon
i have to read , i have 3 months before i go
how do you feel about vegans ? i am one
have you heard of the brand muse ?
my father listens to them while doing his mechanical duties
vegan , mechanic , not so interesting to me
yes i am . i guess he introduced me to in
gardening is my favorite way to pass the time on weekends . whats yours ?
i love the beach as well ! its one of my favorite travel destinations .
i love my job ! i travel to various vacation destinations and build hotels .
i am from a city in the midwest . where are you from ?
no , i have never been , but i have friends there . what do you do there for a living ?
that must be exciting to work on the water . do you get to travel in your work ?
what kinds of fish do you catch ?
good morning , i hate dark gloomy days i lost my husband
last year he died from old age .
no no no cats just a coffee addict lol
lol oh man how old are you ?
i am 77 wishing he was here
what does he do for work ? got any family
do you want kids ? me an my fam link each an every saturday
my fav color is pink
hi dude . how are you
i am great . playing video games here . you
cool . i hope it is purple ? where are you ?
nice . they have great macaroni and cheese down there . right ?
the army wanted me because i am a ballet dancer . can i join ?
great . i like to shoot guns . do you like food ?
nice . we have so much in common .
i like planes too . are you rich ?
hello , how are you today ?
good to hear ! i had to work today .
i do it for a company . showing oldies how to use their computers mostly .
well obviously . do you do anything outside of work ?
i paint a lot when I have time . vienna is pretty inspiring for art .
in Austria . I am originally from London , but moved here recently . where are you located ?
my boyfriend and I try to find adventure . it can be hard after five years together .
we live together here , I moved to be with him . do you live with anyone ?
hello ! how are you ? what kind of things do you like ?
i love lizards , i used to have a firey orange bearded dragon !
i am 28 . are you in school ?
i tend to draw in class , when i should take notes , but get good grades
art . do you have any cool dreams ? things you wish you could do ?
sometimes i want to live in a magical world with unicorns and dragons
female . what color is your hair ? is it long or short ?
hello there ! how are you ?
not bad , just got home from helping out my sons boy scout troop
cool . what made you want to do that ?
wow , that is a great attitude to have !
what ! ? the real will ferrell ! how did you meet him ?
cool . i love doing celebrity impressions and do a pretty good ferrell in elf
me too . he is hilarious , and christmas is my favorite holiday
do you speak any other languages other than english ?
hey there , how are you ?
i am doing pretty well tonight
oh do you live there ? i have ocd that would be hard
oh that would also be hard . i need to have a lot of control
oh you like to read ? i teach at a private elementary school
me too i am 100 vegan
i hope so , i always feel like something is wrong with me
hi how are you today ?
that is an admirable trade do you like it ?
that is nice i am a dental assistant
do you like to party , preachers child ?
oh i party super hard heh
i go to every single music festival
you gotta wear the protective earplugs or its all white noise
well that is quite pretentious of you
hey , good morning , what you up to ?
okay , have you ever been there before ?
okay , where are you right now ?
what is goodfellas , i have never heard of that ?
oh okay , i guess that explanation is good enough lol
i will because i love best movies of all times lol
how do you enjoy working there ?
just be grateful to have a job because some people are not as fortunate
fellow , how are you doing today ?
awesome . just got back from the gym . checking instagram and facebook . so many friend requests .
i guess so . i put a makeup tutorial online and everyone loved it !
that is . . . interesting . how did you start going that ?
you said you are not very cool . maybe if you did not do that you would have more friends .
you were a huge superman ? i got a congeniality award in school when i was younger .
interesting . i do not know why you do not do something productive like going for a run .
hello . how are you today ?
oh nothing much . just getting ready for work .
nothing much . just a pop quiz for my students .
countries in europe . its a simple informal assessment .
grade 3 age 8 to 9
i do enjoy teaching and it is hard work , but i like it .
happy sunday , how are you today
great . i am baking cookies , do you like to bake ?
that is cool . i am more of a sweet tooth person
do you sew your own clothes
wow , that is very cool . what color is it ?
i go to school and i like blue too
baking ! want to open a bakery one day
sometimes . mostly i enjoy baking sweets
hi , how are you ?
rough . put out two fires today . this is my first day home from the station
do you work in construction ? looking for a contractor for my grocery store
i need everything . i am trying to open my store within 2 months
yes ! my mom would love to cook for us . she cooks all my meals
text when youre here . i cant see color so i will not know which car is yours
will do . do you need help marketing for your business ?
i would love to help . just graduated with my degree so trying to get some work
good morning . the sun is shining and the grass is green !
awesome ! i am a singer , looking to get signed . do you know anyone ?
i play tennis , my favorite outfit to play in is green .
i love plants , they are so green !
plants are great . i love any and all .
yes , you said that already . do you have any hobbies ?
is it a green garden ? i like green .
cool . cities are great , I prefer the beach .
hello ! how is your day ?
that sounds nice ! i read today and watched anime
yes ! and i role play . what are your hobbies ?
do you have a favorite ? i enjoying creating artistic representations of comics . i like art
i suppose . i feel like an artist most during comic con . what do you do ?
i pick up jobs here and there . i want to make money from comics i draw
thank you . it is just me and my books and costumes . do you ?
i bet ! where do you live ?
hi how are you today
good today . . its a good whether here in seattle
i prefer the sunny whether too . .
r you kidding me . . where u stay ?
kook . . i am a one handed person while it come for typing . . apologies for late reply
nothing happened . . i was used to one handed typing
i am not married yet . .
hi , i am joe . how are you ?
just getting ready to hit the clubs . the night is looking good
it is my favorite thing . my girl never wants to come out though
i love her anyway . i just hang with my friends
that sounds like her . you two would be friends
ha ha . maybe square dancing ?
you sound full of life
i am working on my self . yoga and meditation
hi how are you today ?
oh wow cool . i have a big family
like too many to count feels like a million
i just graduated but nothing yet
what is your current job ?
very cool . are you from the us ?
i was born not in the us
very cool . does she have a big family ?
hello hows your day going ?
i love cats ! i have a cat named superman , my all-time favorite superhero
whats your favorite kind ? i love chocolate chip cookies best honestly
i only drive toyota , but yeah he is cool too
ll oh no ! they do not suck ! do you chat in irc ever ?
that means mother in latin i believe
that sounds fun . i like ordering pizza , you must be close with your grandparents
sounds like you have very nice grandparents
hello . i finally have a day off work , i am a ballet dancer .
i love dogs too ! especially in funny movies where they steal the show .
they sure are . they were a source of comfort when my parents passed in an accident .
i did turn to food immediately after , hamburgers mainly . then , i got a dog .
what kind do you have ? mine is a lab . he is such a goof
my dad had an irish setter he hunted with . he was a great dog .
my lab has his moments . other times , i wonder how he manages to find his food .
i have seen mine chase snakes like they were sticks .
good morning off to basketball game
eggs are the best for brunch
yes what is your food would you like to cook
maybe a simple meal like a small brunch .
yes i want to purchase a new car a different color than black
that seem nice that car seem to be nice in black
hey there ! where are you from ?
that is cool . i was raised on a farm in Kansas .
i have a couple nephews and one of them grows corn .
what do you do for a living ? i am a vet
oh that is great ! what do you do for fun ? i like to run .
that sounds like fun . do you have a favorite kind of car ?
great ! i do not know much about cars myself .
do you like racing ? like NASCAR ?
hello ! how are you this morning ?
that is nice . must have good neighbors like i did in kentucky .
nice ! so she is a good friend ? i need to find a good friend .
my garden . i take so much pride in my gardening . you got more than rugby ?
that must be nice . i only go to the park to read .
oh no ! maybe you should read my favorite book enders game . might be helpful .
nice ! maybe he is hip to dealing with dealing with aliens or creeps .
oh goodness ! brave young man . also seems very intelligent .
hello , would you like a french fry ? i have plenty .
i eat them so much i smell like them now .
i like to shop . i just bought a new sweater .
i only watch marathons , i do not run . i would drop my fries .
i should have tried on the sweater . it was much too small .
nothing . i guess i am a couch potato .
that is good . then you earn money for french fries .
no . they all say i smell too much of french fries .
hello how are you this evening ?
no i am a high school senior with 2 brothers
i think something to do with music i would love to produce it
all four years of high school i was in the band
awesome , how many children do you have ?
i love kids i have several nieces and nephews
my parents like for us all to eat dinner together every night
i know my parents say it is really important
hi i am from texas where are you from ?
that is great . funny story i was a premature baby
we have so much in common ! mary is my older sister . do you have siblings ?
i broke my leg recently !
my dad works for the ny times as a journalist
it was great meeting you ! thanks so much for this conversation
what do you like to do for fun
good evening mate . i am barney .
wow . i fish so i wear waders .
i did . but my neighbor needed it more than i did . my dad taught me to share .
wow that is grand ! mine was small .
some yea . my dad fries awesome fish .
what does you parents do ? my dad makes awesome mixed beverages also .
i enjoy reading a good book . yes .
i am not familiar . i read james cameron .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing pretty good too
i love music ! what kind of music do you like ?
bach helps me focus too ! i am a radio dj but my station plays pop .
not really , it is just a small local radio station . what about you , what do you do ?
where are you traveling to ?
that sounds exciting ! i hope you have an amazing time there !
i have been looking for someplace warm to get away to . mexico has some great resorts .
nice to have someone to talk to my only friend is my dog !
that is a nice car . i can not afford one even when being highly educated
yes they do . what does your father do ? mine use to be a butcher .
how much debt ? what do you do for work
i hate ford . i wish i could be a lawyer instead i work on newspapers
that is a lot i wish i could help
i also play poker maybe that is why my only friend is my dog .
being highly educated is overrated .
stephen king , artist , married , twins and love reading . you ?
i am available for the rome thing . you married ? i am .
chicken wings are our friends . i read a lot . you ?
get out ! me too ! stephen king is hot ! you sing or draw ? i do .
oh okay . i wrote a book . one time i made a unicorn cry . you write ?
hmmm i see . my husband writes too . you married ?
i love trumps hair . any hobbies ?
alright welcome to the fitness chat . any suggestions for our next outing ?
that is good planning . no fries on the hike . want healthier snacks ?
i guess that is why you signed up for my class . are you new to vegas ?
no better place . are you going to be around long ? so many only vacation here .
haha i know how that goes . i am more of a fishing than gambling type . any hobbies ?
i understand . is it a goal ? getting in shape to fit ?
hike the entire appalachian trail . any family ?
hi there ! how is your day going so far ?
nice . i also like to work out as i am currently not in a relationship .
absolutely does ! what kind of phone do you have ?
that is very interesting ! i also own an iphone , i used to use android phones .
right ? ! ? i like to watch superhero themed movies and television shows on my iphone though .
i have a cock a poo he is my world . any pets ? i like books as well , especially ebooks !
cock a poo is actually a dog . cocker spaniel and poodle mix . what breed do you have ?
hello , how are you this morning ? are you wearing purple ?
awesome ! i am saving up for a purple charger !
i had a bacon , egg and fontina cheese frittata . it was very delish .
you sound like you do not have any kids , neither do i .
the park is next door , i can lace up my purple nikes and go for a run
absolutely , i have loved him since i was a child .
actually , my favorite of his is little red corvette .
his voice was pleasing too . take away all the editing and many cannot sing
hi ! i am just a girl in love with life and my family and friends .
are you a guy ? my friends tell me when i laugh , i am cute
i see . do you work at all though ? i work in a building downtown .
i see . i am married too and i work in a publishing firm .
do you have anything you cal lead to
i do work hard , but i also play
i am not into siri . it is not my choice .
i like cooking as i said . and i truly miss my boyfriend ex boyfriend
i am so in love with my girl
yes i want some but too old , i am a vet
my pops was in the military also
world world i can scarf down alot of meat too
i know me also i thank you also . nope
i enjoyed chatting with you today
awe i am sorry whats wrong with your mom ?
hi there ! you want to go clubbing with me ?
no , dressing up and going out to dance places lol
that sounds like fun . did you know every country has a similar kind of dance ?
you are right , it is better to enjoy the innocence of youth .
tank girl rocks ! i have a bad relationship with my girl friend .
if only i had enough money to pay for my procedures lol
good plan . i am just interested in dressing up and how i look though .
hello how are you doing
i do like football , and i also love listening to podcasts .
my team is huskies because my fav color is purple .
i do not have kids , or a car , so i go to park nearby to watch football .
no i decided not to go to college because i want to become a singer .
i love all types of music .
hey ! what kind of cars do you like ?
eclipses are pretty cool , i am excited cause i just got a new chevrolet .
the crude .
i do not play music , do you ?
do you play for friends family only or concerts as well ?
we could start a business where you play for weddings . d
hi , how is it going ?
i just got off work , i am having some wine and listening to hip hop
i need some encyclopedias for my kids , i have five they all fight .
i work at an animal hospital as a veterinarian , gas station sounds fun .
nice , those are good goals to have in life .
i want to retire and move back to Spain where I am from .
wow that is pretty awesome , i have seen Miley Cyrus at the hospital
hi how are you today ?
that sounds like a hard job ! my cat had me up all night .
i do like jazz ! what languages do you speak ? i know italian and english .
i am interested in history . having an archaeologist in the family , my brother , makes it fun .
oh no ! my eyes are different colors , one blue and one hazel !
i know ! i am going to be a doctor like my mother , she is an osteopath .
no , just me ! do you have pets ?
i love my cat , i like dogs too !
hello how are you this morning ?
keep trying . what did your mom do for a living ? mine was a teacher . education is important .
what do you do for work ? i am the owner of a cleaning company .
sounds like fun . i am married . do you have a favorite writer ?
do you have a favorite writer ?
my favorite is Nicholas Sparks . i like yours too.
hi . i am sarah . how is your day going ?
i am getting ready to go for a run with my dog .
i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?
interesting . i like to play the piano and guitar . hobbies ?
me too ! anything good lately ?
great ! thanks ! do you like music ?
hey ! me too ! my cats are driving me crazy .
they own retail stores . what about yours ?
hi ! i have never been big on sports , but i found one i like !
i just started archery classes and i think i have a talent for it, if I had the chance, I would love to try archery classes too.
i never liked fishing , but glad you do . are you good at it ?
wow ! exciting ! i keep working on my archery and hope to make it big !
from the midwest , what about you ?
never heard of it , do you like it ?
sounds relaxing . do you like your work on the boat ?
just my archery , i just recently started but i am putting my all into it .
i am so hungry for a donut but no gluten for me .
sometimes i rock climb to take my mind off of donuts . i love texas .
yep . my dog came from a shelter in texas .
he has black hair just like me .
ha ! dogs are awesome .
i have a mini sheltie . do you cook ?
i love beef jerky , especially when it is spicy .
ouch . i am still hungry for a donut .
hi . i am from pittsburgh . how about you ?
that is a great aspiration . right now i work at a school as librarian .
well , i like it really quiet at work .
italian food is my favorite . what kind of food do you like ?
concerts are a lot of fun . i try to go to one on saturdays .
i love dogs . the animal shelter i volunteer at has lots of cute puppies .
i lead a pretty quiet life . how about you ?
pizza !
pizza solves everything haha . whats up though ?
those sound like some great nighttime food
haha the art scene is so great during the night
If I could, I would name my cat Dragon and have him accompany me to work every day.
wow ! that is pretty cool , you enjoying life ?
haha i am enjoying life , i paint a lot which is nice
hello how are you today
what kind of museum do you work at ? i find art is sometimes boring
oh that does sound boring . what do you do when you are off
i like to go for bike rides it is one of my favorite things to do
i am sorry you are in a wheel chair .
you might one day i do take my bike to a lot of cool places
i work out to much to handle being in a wheel chair
i live in kentucky where are you form
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , you seem pretty happy . what do you do ?
todd , what a great name !
well families are hard to please , mine want me go back to school
they want me to get a degree and a career .
i like outdoor activities like hiking and climbing and running . you ?
that is cool . i also like to travel , do you ?
oh you only like traveling to where it is warm ?
hello i am not very tall
sounds great i am looking for a job
thank you i have a dog i love him
that is a great idea there are so many that need homes
i have 2 sisters what about you ?
winter what is your favorite color mine is red
hi how are you today ?
the big ol colon boi
like the candy ? you mean ?
quite impressive . are you married ?
mine left me . but I unloaded the kids on him . ha !
i have none . he has 4 .
you can have some of mine if you decide fast
hello ! where are you from ? i am from canada .
i am going to california soon to run a marathon .
i live near ontario and cats are everywhere here .
i compete in marathons a lot so no time for pets .
my favorite hobbies are running and basketball .
me either . i watch the best team , vancouver grizzlies , alone .
good morning ! i am just listening to some metal . it is my favorite music . you ?
good , despite my issues with my allergies . i have a lot of them . you ?
cool . i will be watching movies and tv . it is what i like to do .
neat ! are your parents alive . when i was in high school i lost my dad .
what breed is your dog ?
i do not . i want one . what kind of boats do you make ?
is there anything interesting you want to tell me about yourself ?
hello ! i am nick and i am getting ready for work !
hey allison ! i also like going to the movies .
i am getting ready for work right now and walking my dogs
i understand , we are always traveling since we work in the circus
what do you teach ?
i am a sap too , in my spare time . i work a lot
nope , i am too busy juggling for my act with my father and grandfather
it is , but i am sure your lie is busy too
how are you doing today
i am great . i wish it were summer .
i catch butterflies and animals
i think that is cool
why would she not want you to
what happened to your dad
maybe there was not any milk
that is a different way to think
hello . i am in the process of going back to college and i love reading . and you ?
that is awesome ! however , my favorite is country music .
nice , i am studying to be an accountant . i do not eat meat and am vegan .
lovely ! that will be a wonderful job .
yes , i am sure it will be easier at the beginning of a new year .
where did you migrate from ?
that is so neat ! do you miss it ?
yes , this is a wonderful country .
hi what band do u like i like creed
that is crazy my dad is in prison
speaking of food me a carnivore grrr
cool i am on welfare
college sucks glad i am done with it
me also i watch mostly sports
hi how are you today ?
tell me a joke funny person
whats so bad about communism though ?
are you in russia then ?
just like my boy frank sinatra
i am an older lady . you know ?
i would like that . do an old lady theme
how do you feel when you go to a new place ?
for me i feel good and love to watch new things i have never seen .
i am a physiotherapist who likes adventures a lot .
i have phobia for water and only watch it for a distance .
yes , some times i do especially when i have limited free time .
discovering new places and hidden treasures as well as new people .
hi , i am jennifer , i love to ski . who are you ?
since i was about 5 . my father taught me . what are your hobbies ?
i am a student , studying literature .
its okay . . . tolerable . so what would you do if you had free time ?
i like driving fast ! and to ride my motorcycle .
so you are married . i am still looking for mr . right .
4 cats and 2 dogs , ll . well , and a boyfriend .
well , i am trying to decide whether i should teach literature or write novels .
hello how are you doing tonight ?
nice ! i need a day off . so you have any interest in music ?
nice , mines country . i should totally be a country singer one day .
i will keep that in mine . i just think i am too tall being six foot scares people .
not really . awful in the kitchen but look good in my boots when i try .
i agree . they are horrible . no my thigh high leather boots . matching great with a skirt .
hello , how are you tonight
i am doing very well , thank you . are you married ?
that is awesome . i am single , but am such a romantic .
i hike and surf . do you like to surf ?
it is so peaceful and relaxing .
i am a museum curator , what do you do ?
houston is a very nice city , i enjoyed my last trip .
do you like to travel ?
hey how are you ?
doing good just getting my three kids to sleep . bu ?
that sounds fun i enjoy walks !
oh cool ! mine are walking down the street to my best friend's house .
that sounds so awesome ! i just bought a honda civic .
ll . i like those old dependable cars !
hello how are you today ?
good thanks . tell me about yourself
that s great . i have a few homes that need painting
i see . i am just trying to become a vegetarian . are you ?
i am sensitive to . i love horses and other animals .
i also like riding motor bikes
life is dangerous isn t it
i like to eat meat do you ?
my wife is cool use to teach
i like food pizza is my favorite, but i wish I could enjoy driving like you do.
cool like painted pictures ? i love pizza
really why ? i drive my family
smoke eat an repeat an drink tequila
yes i have to i love them
yes we could where you located ?
how are u doing tonight
i am good and not a problem
i am a baker that bakes out of my home and what about you
i am from baltimore md
yes i like to play sports
i love me some country music
hello . how is your night going ?
no complaints . recently celebrated my sixth anniversary with my wife .
then same to you . have any interesting hobbies ?
fair enough . i spend my weekends at the casino , for the most part .
at least you would have a goal ! i go just for fun .
no , because i play off a small amount each weekend .
bbq . being a beer drinker , it is very complimentary . you ?
i do the same , only with beer . i have had over 35 different kinds .
hello stranger , i am looking forward to getting to know you !
nice , i have a tramp stamp of my dogs , but i will not say where .
i am not easily surprised , but i might be jealous !
i get to dizzy to do ballet , so i just drive my car .
lol . . . i am not going anywhere nere the good place !
i will drive , but can we get sushi instead of pizza ?
i do not really care what we eat as long as the restaurant is blue !
i will be right over to get you for sushi pizza faster then you pirouette !
hi , how are you ?
my dad passed away , leaving me and my 2 siblings . i am the youngest .
do you have any siblings ?
is that what you do in your free time ? in mine , i like to read mysteries .
a princess bed ? cool . are you into any sports ?
cool . i like to play tennis .
it is . i started when i was in college in chicago .
yes ! my hair is brown .
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
i am well . i just finished preparing a delicious shrimp alfredo !
thanks ! shrimp is a favorite staple of mine . so , whats your paper on ?
indeed , that topic will keep you busy . you will be at it all weekend ?
i love art ! i have been looking to get a professional painting of my parrot , burt .
no clue . he was left to me when my great aunt passed away last year .
hi how are you doing
i am from chicago il
is it a girl or boy
what do you fish for
what do you race ? cars ?
do you cook them yourself
did you build it yourself
does it give it a different taste
how are you doing today
that is cool i am just watching tv and going to do my sons cake
no it was the 11
yes i do and do you have any kids
oh ok i got ya
oh ok then got ya
i am sorry i just got married
i like to bake cakes and spend time with my family
hi how are you doing
hi sara my name is deon
it field for 5 years now
most situation are operator errors lol
being a christian i spend a lot of time help with church activities
i enjoying watching football as well , confession i do skip somethings to enjoy football
you love photography that is a great hobby for traveling
you have a lot pictures of snow covered hills i guess
hello , how are you ? i like to watch football .
i like to watch football with my friends , they like it too .
its a lot of fun . we like watch while having beers and food .
i do not . jake the snake , that is clever .
you are also a character in a video game ? how interesting !
it was nice chatting with you , take care of jake the snake lol ! bye bye !
i will , stay safe in your game perils .
i need to study so badly . i am not doing too well in school .
i live in new york , piling up the debt .
is it in the country ? i love spending time in nature .
i have dreamed about living in bermuda .
got to get my life straight first .
what do you think you will do ?
hey good afternoon how are you ?
yea i get that for sure , like city life ?
are we all ! i love veggies and fruits
i like pineapple the best
be careful of the seeds i tell my grandbabies that
yes they are so tiny and sweet
yes 3 are , the others are .
6 how many do you have ?
hi . the first step to being a vegan is telling people you are vegan . i am . haha
it is very difficult to stick to. so how are you?
not even your mom? i kiss my cat. his name is jasper.
that is good. my job cheers me up. i am a barista.
all the free java keeps me buzzing. haha. what is your favorite color?
mine is orange. do you like flowers? a rose is my favorite.
can you please organize my things? it is my least favorite thing to do.
how much do you charge?
hey how is it going ?
that is awesome do you work at a beach or a pool ?
yeah i fly for the military
yeah all sorts of stuff how about you ?
haha nice , my girlfriend really likes listening to her .
that is so cool , its always nice finding a good band .
i completely agree , bouncing around a lot as a kid really opened my eyes to different music .
me too , do you live in the states
i am so sad there is not anymore game of thrones for a year or two .
i cannot wait to see the finale .
yes ! i wish i could live there , since it seems cold . i like the cold .
i prefer winter . ca not wait to go shopping at walmart for jackets .
i never get invited to parties . I write got fanfic .
no , i have no family . do you ?
good morning how is it going
awesome , i have like 3 sisters and brothers
i am a paramedic and studying to be a nurse
i live in a big studio apartment of the water
they all are beautiful to live near . i love music beatles is my favorite
its a beautiful day out
where are you from i am in michigan
pretty awesome it look like it suppose to rain here too
hello , are you who i talk to about college career ?
oh , i was planning on discussing my liberal views at a well-matched school .
your girlfriend gave you pancakes ?
those are some of the only activities i do . i am so sheltered .
i will once i leave this catholic school . i plan on partying all the time !
are you in New England ? maybe !
oh , well have a nice day then .
i will be praying for you
oh i am so happy . i am getting married soon .
yes ! hopefully at the local theater i am in right now !
yes , you know my dad ? he left my mom . he works there .
jerry , do you like animals ? i work with them .
green hair ? of all history , which i am a scholar in never seen it .
i love ants . and chipmunks . i race them .
well the ant is on the chipmunks back . weve been practicing for my wedding race .
hey there , how do you do ?
what do you like to drink ?
haha not bad . what do you do for work ?
oh are you an alcoholic ? i joined the army
they are , i am sure your family loves you
i guess , maybe they do not like it
that is sad , any hobbies ?
hey there . what kind of car do you have . mine is an acara .
nice . basketball is my game to fame , really just a hobby where i drink coors .
yeah , i am an engineer and basketball and beer are great for a saturday .
oh i do not drink and drive . my wife would never forgive me .
i have the best hair in my office because my wife is great at her profession .
hamburgers are great especially homemade ones . she would love to .
i think we should plan it .
hi ! how are you ? what is your favorite thing to do ?
i am well thank you . just listening to some kpop tonight . what are you up to ?
i really should be eating fish or veggies too , but it is pizza night .
imagine that ! there used to be a juice bar next to the hotel where i work .
very many . once one of my favorite kpop bands stayed here .
any particular place you want to see ?
maybe to korea to see some of the kpop groups .
hi there , how are you
good to hear , i am good thanks !
blues music is great ! so what are your hobbies ?
cool ! whenever i have the time i like to go skateboarding .
not really , just what i hear on the radio .
i am British , and you ?
that is awesome ! so what do you do for work
hi there ! how are you doing tonight ?
that is good . i work in an office own by peta . do you like animal ?
you do not like animals ? i love them .
i have . where do you like to go ?
hiking is good . i do not eat meat to keep myself healthy . do you ?
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
we just cut out most of the meat in our diet . it is good
hi just came in from walking . so , glad i do not have school today .
is it true that less busy work happens in college ?
better than being bored all day , i want summer back
cool . i just met my gf this summer .
cool . i wish i had a car .
yeah . i thought people get to move out for college ?
ah . well at least you get to finish . i get it .
what are you going to do when you are done ?
hello how are you today
i am here looking at my stamp collection
yes i do like three books full . i am also taking flight classes
do you know what a mortician is ?
yes mortician is my job
that is not good , i love the movie dirty harry
you are a weird person .
oh yeah ? how can you tell ?
hi ! i am upset that summer is over that is my favorite season .
david . nice to meet you . my birthdays during june .
sounds fun . i need to feed my cat . he is very hungry . my parents wo not help with that .
i think he would really love that !
i am currently working with computers .
cool that is a very productive field . i think you will do great !
nothing special . i am going to go get lunch in a few minutes .
hey i am thinking about you right now
ok i am glad your fine i am also well . do anything for fun ?
i am do yoga if you are ever interested in joining a group . i will stretch you
i just noticed some of my own typos i am watching tv writing poetry
yes i do try to write beautiful poetry all over the different lands
my yoga is like a dance . i might do a little dancing tonight ;
i sing country music but its a very rout and brainwashed kind of thing
ah . very nice . i have a dog . he is my little buddy
how are you doing tonight ?
i am an accountant , but i do not like it !
is that a hard thing to do ?
my mom is a fashion designer , so maybe i could do that
also , she is into bob ross , and hiking !
that sounds very very very fancy !
is it expensive ?
do yo like it there ?
hi , i am the oldest of 6 kids , and am adopted
oh wow , sounds horrid . my mom took care of us kids , while dad works at hp
that is awesome ! ! my adoptive parents are great people .
i am sorry to hear , what about your siblings ?
that is good ! the future is frightens me . . .
that is good to have a hobby
i mean it is beneficial to do
hello how are u tonight
i really do not have any hobbies besides dreaming
yeah i have never been to the west coast so i dream of going
i am single myself have not found the right one for me yet
i was on the local news once but it was not for illegal stuff
yes helping the homeless at the shelter
yeah it felt good have u ever been to canada
i have been to canada twice it is a great place to travel
hello ! what do you do for fun ?
that is great ! i collect computer parts to build my own machines and also bug collecting
i am from canada , how about you ?
what do you do for work ?
i thought about the military when i was young , ended up running for office politics in 2004
no pets . oh i forgot to mention the past 6 years i have been a mechanic
what are your cats names i have always wanted one
they sound cute ! what breed ?
hi , i am sarah a banker what do you do for a living ?
wow , that is an interesting way to meet women . i have been divorced for two years now .
i am not a fan of steak but i do collect teapots . do you like cats ?
i have cats , but keep them inside due to my grandmother living in my guesthouse
that must make it very hard for you to put away your dishes
my grandmother is quite tall so she helps get the top shelf at my house
is it because it makes their breath smell ?
hello how are you doing
i am doing good so where are you from
that is cool i live in new york
i cook for a living
i guess you can say so
how do you like it
are you male of female
i am a guy and i am 33 years old
how are you doing today
i have a bunch of horses
that is a decent amount
that is great . i am happy for you two .
why do you want to move
is that your better half
that sounds very nice . i hope that works out .
i have eight . they live all around .
hi , how are you this lovely fall day ?
cool , what do you do for work ?
not too shabby , i am not old enough to work yet
i am ten , i take karate after school but when i am older mcdonalds sounds great
yes , what is your favorite ?
what else do you do for fun ?
oh wow , no but i wish i had a tarantula
ya , i read harry potter , do you like to read ?
hi . how are you today ?
ok . just looking for a new job . what are you doing ?
i do not have any pets . what do you do for a living ?
i wish i could find a job that i love . do you get to travel a lot ?
i love to travel . i go to india to visit family at least once a year .
i am in ohio . what about you ?
not really . i eat a lot of greens for my training regimen .
hello ! how are you this evening ?
it is ! so what do you do for work ?
i am a nurse . i would rather be a professional eater but not get fat doing it .
same here . do you believe in alien life ? i do .
when i get bummed i look at the stars to cheer up my mind .
i use to live near the beach . i miss it .
i have a cat . she is persian .
hi how are you today
i am good . where did you go ?
you must see a lot of places have you ever seen a volcano
i like to walk up them . your tattoo must be pretty
i do not have any of those . have you been to canada ?
i think women from canada are beautiful
yeah i think they are but people have different opinions
it was nice talking to you have a safe drive
are you a religious person ?
my religious views are very important to me at my age .
i am 64 years old , ready to retire and travel the world .
well they say pork will do that to you . how old are you ?
yes it is . my wife helps to keep me eating healthy . are you married ?
that is unfortunate . your health should be more of an importance .
they are far less expensive than junk food . you will not regret the change !
i work for a marketing company . i supervise and qa potential advertisements .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing great . its a fantastic day for photography .
sounds like fun . i would like to do some photography on famous courses one day
would you like to ? i
hey , that sounds like a great career move though . i am still working on my career .
i would like to be a photographer one day , ya know , travel the world taking pictures
i do like music . i want to combine my photos and my passion for music
yo ! what is up stranger ?
a little copy paste . i like it
well my job really is my hobby ; i make art
does blogging love you ? is it mutual ?
that is good . i live in florida as well
it is nice . what part of the state do you live ?
nice . do you enjoy shopping ? i like it .
i said i like it
hi how are you today ?
i am learning more about robotics . it is my hobby
interesting ! do you have kids ?
nice ! i have 2 kids and a mini van
i like pizza ! and you ?
cool ! where do you live ?
nice , i am at a rural community in montana
hello , my name is sue and i enjoy reading .
what was your major ? i recently started a blog so people can post book reviews .
that is nice . do you share your opinion on books you read ?
i had to start talking to well-known publishers because my friends won't listen.
yes and blogging lets me share my thoughts.
do you talk to friends about finance ?
oh i can understand that.
hi , my name is melody and i love my babies and dogs .
i am wonderful . how are you doing ?
toto that a great name reminds me of the wizard of oz .
oh ? what kind of song and are you from africa ?
i do not know the song but it sounds like fun .
i will have to look that up . i do need some music especially from the 80s .
hey , i am jared how are you ?
no but i do have a pair of shoes . do you have any pets ? ?
sometimes , i mainly eat at restaurants though . never at home , you ?
how fun ! do you scratch any backs there ? i love having mine scratched
heard that brother sister . you watch movies though ?
reading is awesome . whats your favorite book ?
the cat and the hat , guess . classic literature for me
i might like them . . . sam i am . .
whats up ? greetings from atlanta , ga !
gosh , my problem is men ! i always meet so many in the towns nightclub scene .
i never miss a music festival , love band tees .
wish i could party right now , but i am dental assistant in the posh side of atlanta .
lol it is my world after all and everybody else is just a minor character
sorry , i have got borderline personality disorder , so you know . its hard to relate aside from the dancefloor
sure , what do you do for fun ?
do you like drinking when you go clubbing ?
hi want to be my friend ?
i never went to college . i get on okay
nah . i do like to fish , but they are not pets
that is a fun name . what kind of dog is he
i might be interested in a hound to take fishing
i drive a truck . a chevy
fancy . do you like steak ?
i like simple stuff . meat and potatoes , you know ?
hello ! how are you today ?
indeed he is . in am hanging out with my golden retriever .
speedy . he used to be quite fast . do you like to read ?
i am not familiar with that band . tell me more !
do you have siblings ? i love hanging out with my little sister , jane .
no , but she loves to play soccer like i do .
do you have a favorite team ?
hi ! !
how are you ?
glad to hear ! do you like music ?
i like rap . especially that snoop dog . he is a canine p
cuteeeee ! do you like food ?
very nice . my biggest hobby is the drums
that is unfortunate . better leave the dogs at home
you are so considerate !
i like to drink a lot
oh man . what happened ?
how long were you married ?
what are you drinking ? i am loving some rebel ipas right now .
my favorite is cookies and cream
no , dogs and chocolate do not mix
i have a chihuahua . what kind of dog do you have ?
oh man , i had a golden puppy for a while . way too much puppy for me !
hello ! what are you up to today ?
i am on a lunch date with my husband .
that is no fun . both of my high school aged sons want to be doctors !
oh you must have a lot of friends !
i try to be with my friends , but i do not really like them . i feel very lonely .
i never really found myself in college . i hope you have better luck .
hi , jackson here , i like being free .
that is awesome . my parents are the same . i learned from them .
my family is fun , hard working folks . i will work but not my thing .
yeah they can be , single with no kids , which is great ! ! living off the land
going back to school . . eh ? for what ?
sounds boring to me . lol
makes sense , i am going to transition and do something i will like
hey , i have got some time between classes . wanna hang out later ?
hmm . i am currently going to high school and my parents are immigrants . how about you ?
oh cool . i am taking some college courses and i have been thinking i might become a nurse .
no , but i enjoy driving my motorcycle . do you have anything else you like to do ?
i go to private , not as tame as Christian but oh well .
lol . you sound like fun . we will have to hang out when we are done with school .
i just broke up with my partner . no to talk to except the dog .
malamute . i like big dogs but next one may be an ankle biter .
trying to get an ebook together on dogs . i must learn all types .
what are you interested in accomplishing ?
i saw some doing the night surfing on tv . i think it was hawaii .
how old is your german shepherd ? does he go to the beach with you ?
does he get nervous when you are surfing and he is on the beach ?
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am sorry to hear that , is she ok ?
maybe try virginia , i lived there with my parents . my mom was a teacher
my school actually taught me how to drive stickshift car
you will be ok ! my father was worried too but he became successful as a cop
oh no , i would not hear that much because i drive trucks all night
i do not think you are a loser ! yeah you could try truck driving
hello !
i read a lot . i like being alone .
that is me . what do you do for work ?
cool . i am a waitress at a cafe .
italian restaurant .
yep . its one of our bestsellers .
blue .
red is a nice color too .
hello , how are you today ?
just getting ready to grill some hamburgers with one of my girlfriends .
i have got my boots on and i want to go horseback riding after we eat .
yes in argentina , its very hot here today , how about there ?
do you have any plans today ?
sounds like fun , what game are you going to ?
hello i am jane are you there ?
my idol is stevie wonder . were both blind and he does not let that stop him
i love learning my friend took me to a empty parking lot and let me drive
i have several friends that we do karaoke with
i travel when i can but i use a cane so not to go into traffic
i have always been sightless but i love my job
aww so you can relate that is nice to hear
hi there how are you ?
i have a seashell collection so i am great
i collect horses too you know
candy is cool , i teach yoga too
i am also anti social what is your favorite fruit ?
my son eats a lot of candy
always chasing those free candy vans
they drive around here all of the time
hi how are you doing ?
nothing much just watching the news
i free dive sometimes hbu ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a graphic designer from cali
do you have any hobbies ?
www why not country ? lol
what city are you from ?
hey how are you doing
haha , i enjoy the cold , i vacation in the mountains
cool , i just got my law degree , starting new job in a week
haha most people do not like lawyers , any kids ?
well you can do better than he did
that is really good , i have 2 boys and a girl
yes i am and 3 dogs as well , big household
hello , hows your day going so far ?
wow sound great i make robots. If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in robotics like you.
i love robots as a kid so i decided to do it for a living
new york , i am single and live alone i love it
wow that sounds great i am a night owl what about you ?
yes some times i do not really have a good social life though
that sounds great whats your favorite food ?
hi there , how are you ?
i take it zucchini bread is your favorite ? i personally love pistachio ice cream
i do not mind weird . i actually watch videos of surgeries in my spare time !
no , that is why its weird . i tend to just travel around making friends
yes , i love playing with edged weapons . i know that sounds weird too
yes ! i show them to all the people i meet . its fun
sounds like we would get along
no , i do not , but i would love one
hello . how is your day going ?
sorry to hear that . no one needs that . i have been busy making soap
no i just like to do things for myself . i also make compost for my garden .
i feel the same way . i eat most of the fruit that i grow
i like the fresh produce . what did you grow ?
i understand that i am particular too . what do you do for fun ?
i work in my garden and enjoy cooking
i cook vegetables . soups and salads mostly
i really like potato soup
hi i am yumi and i take long walks
my former students will come and visit me from time to time
my husband wants to retire next year
we plan to travel around europe after he retires .
wow how do they like working for home depot
well not so busy is there something on your mind ?
why are you feeling so tired ?
it is an di am starting to get tired myself
i am afraid .
i am reenacting the civil war next week , and well they want me on the wrong side . . .
saturday . are you going ? its dorky . . .
ok , well , please do , i am sick of making short films and need support
did you talk to your brother ?
he is such a troll to do that to you .
what does that mean ?
hello ! i am at work in the coffee shop . do you work ?
cool . do you live at home ? i live across the street from my parents .
i love music ! all genres .
no . but speaking of likes , reading true crime books is my passion
no . grad school is taking up all my time . i am in it now .
no . it is something i have to do . i love reading those books about true crime
do you like coffee ? caramel cappuccino is my favorite drink .
you should come to my coffee shop . i love working there !
read any good books lately ?
of course it does ! i read 3 books every week .
i love it . i could read all day . i do read all day .
where do you work ? i should look for a job since i dropped out of school .
that is a good job . i played football in high school before i dropped out .
my coach did not like me reading while playing , so i quit . football , that is .
i have been reading since age 3 . i have a hard time putting books down .
not at all . do you get headaches from your daily bud lights ?
hello there ! how are you ? do you have any pets ?
they are just the best . i am in school to become a veterinarian
wow that is amazing ! i wish i could do that myself , could help my diet
my dogs love apple skins ! its funny you should mention that . have pets ?
i have 2 pugs and a new kitten . they are still warming up to each other lol
they are the stand up comics of dogs lol . so , when did you become a vegetarian ?
that is pretty much what happened to me with going to the gym lol
i practically live at the gym . staying fit is the key to a long life
hello , nice to meet you .
doing pretty good . i am just sitting here listening to my favorite band pearl jam .
i like to go hiking and riding my bike , weather is permitting , here in boston .
cool , i wish i could find the time , i work late nights and sleep in the day .
lol . i wish i could . what else do you do in your spare time ?
where do you live at ?
if you ever visit boston again , maybe we can meet for coffee .
hi what is your hobby , my is running
well i don think so , nothing wrong with it
sorry to here about your husband
i guess so try baking a nice cake
ok , what about the out door just enjoying the air
sorry , what about a nice restaurant
ok , just try to cut back a little at the time
how are you doing today
i am great . just listening to music
i love the beetles and old school
what was ranch life like
that sounds like a lot of work
i work in a music shop
it is great . the people are awesome .
hello , how are you today ?
just touching up my purple hair .
yeah . but it is hard to get to the beach , i have moved over 40 times .
kind of . i help people get back on their feet . take them in . like cats .
do you have any hobbies ?
bikes are fun , do you mean bicycle , or motorcycle ?
wonderful ! do you run or anything ?
that sounds like a pretty peaceful job .
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well , just having some of my children over to visit
twelve kids . i know , it sounds like a handful to take care of but they are all grown
good thing you have only one child . twelve was stressful lol
how old are you and how old your daughter ? i am 53
i am looking to move from alabama to somewhere else within the next year
i am originally from pennsylvania so maybe i might move back there
yes although i am not fond of the crazy weather . i recently dyed my hair blonde
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing good . does charlie run fast ? running fast is my fav
yeah , the cool night air is nice when running .
my mom worries about me running at night since i am kinda young .
well i do not have a job . i train a lot for running .
i would rather not say . ca not be too careful on the internet .
hi . what are you up to ?
oh really ? do you have to sing ? i love singing .
what are your hobbies ? mine are cooking and running .
that is so cool . do you have any trophies ? i have a lot .
i am sorry . maybe you will get an acting award .
that is awesome . you sound like a wonderful person .
so are you in school for acting ?
hello how are you doing
ok that is nice ? i guess ?
do you swim in the water
i read very well for fun
where are you from where do you live
ok this is going nowhere how many turns till this is done
i hope we do not get paired again
this is not fun its nonsense
hello there ! how are you ?
you design dresses . that is cool . my 18 year old loves weddings
do you get any inspiration from animals ?
interesting . i volunteer sometimes at our local animal shelter
haha . they do love to be the center of attention .
i am just a regular old mom
hello how are you today
i do not like music , i love it
i like to sing , i go to karaoke every thursday
i travel a lot , in the winter i go to florida
you should get out more and see the world
your in a band whats the name ?
what type of music do you play
that is awesome what instrument do you play
hello , i love to go shopping on the weekends .
i have never tried . maybe if i concentrate really hard .
i like red hair . i am female and i wear a 12 .
i do not have a job , so currently i am planning a vacation to europe .
oh wow ! i attend dance lessons with my boyfriend .
salsa , it is really fun . what kind of dance do you do ?
next i want to sail . i have not stepped foot on a cruise ship yet .
hey ! what do you like to do for fun ?
whats your favorite sport to play ?
do you like to take walks ?
that is too bad , do you like to do things at a lake ? like swimming ?
going to the lake is my favorite thing ! do you listen to music there ?
you should try knitting , it helps you learn how to concentrate .
i am tiffany , i am close to my brother
i work , full time as a secretary for an insurance company
my two dogs nancy and jane are extremely high spirited
i read a lot of crime novels
i will be traveling to disney world like we do every year .
the entire family is going
we are doing extremely well thanks for asking how about you ?
haha ! like the song
hey like music ? i love it
i like folk music . just got a degree from a community college
i understand that , i am apart of the navy
yes i have , was an orphan there
did you like the big apple ?
yes it was that is why i got a degree in communication
hi , you know how to make a unicorn cry ?
i love rock and go to community college . so do you know how ?
hmmm . if you tell a unicorn you eat horse meat it will cry . you dance ?
i make and see smoothie . you ?
ask your sister this . what do you call a camel with 3 humps ?
pregnant . i have a pet bird named winnie the coo .
get out ! me too ! but my parents said no . you draw ?
omg ! yes ! you have any blue ones ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just relaxing with my dogs and cats
i was not allowed when i was younger but now i can
yes here in chicago working in a lawyers office
its a great city but my moms always miss me and say love you
they live in the sunshine state florida lol
yeah there is a lot of takeout lol do you like games ?
i like to play quake on slackware linux
why do politicians lie a lot ?
so i feel i cannot get married to a politician .
so do you forgive every one who lies to you ?
what if its a family member or relative you stay with ?
you send them away or ignore them ?
am having trouble with my cousins who lie to me and make me a fool .
they pretend to listen to what i tell but make the same mistakes again .
they make my life a hell on earth but care for them financially in everything .
well hi there ! how are doing today ?
i am great ! i think i might finally be able to get my car fixed .
shot transition , but now i think i can make the gym tonight .
love it . what are you up to tonight ? want to come ?
oh yeah ? where are you working these days ?
oh wow ! that is impressive ! what are you going to do while you wait for a call ?
you got married , too ? ! man , we need to chat more often . do you guys do anything fun ?
hi ! how are you ? i am the oldest of 3 boys
no fun ! the drums is my thing . i play in a band .
i am sure you will ! my mom was also a single mom
yes ! where i grew up it was hard in the projects of chicago !
yes i do ! and shows that gossip !
i am so unorganized its bad !
i need help in that area !
sounds like a good deal to me !
hello , how was your weekend ? did you do anything fun ?
that is awesome ! i went to a car show .
i decided to do something that was not costly , my credit cards are overloaded .
ll , i am thinking of going to drive my purple ferrari around town .
you have a nice brother . i bet you guys are close .
that is great , i am going to call my ex boyfriend now . its his birthday .
just got back from a run . i hope we are not having veggies again .
i like fruit and bread but definitely not veggies . you ?
yeah , that is a great food before one of my marathons
not much but i like to eat dinner at home with the family .
six cats and two dogs , you ?
yeah my chevy drama is great for taking the dogs camping with me
not too much , how about you ?
me , i shop at american eagle . love their jeans .
hey , do you watch a lot of tv ?
oh , i guess you would not really watch my show then . that is fine
hmm , i spent a lot of time with elephants , maybe those .
do you want to listen to some music ?
country only if i am being honest
i do not like jokes . they cause a lot of scenes to be messed up
not really , do you want to teach me ?
hey . how are you today . do you live in the usa ?
i work as a waitress and i am in kansas . what do you do for a living ?
do you like doing that job ?
do you like music ? my favorite band is worn . i am also into nirvana .
are you happy in your life ?
sweet ! i am happy too . i got married recently .
about a week ago . are you married or have any kids ?
hi , how has your day been ?
very good , the day stared with church and ended with family time .
i do yes , do you ?
i am a teacher and i am trying to get a job in baltimore .
i do not i live just outside of baltimore . where do you live ?
that is exciting . who is your favorite music artist ? mine is yo gotti .
he is a rapper . i have never heard of yo la tengo .
i cannot sing either , but i do it in the shower ! ll
we got 5 dogs adopted this weekend , just in time before my bands tour !
phil , bean , lester , star , and angel . not mine , i just volunteered at the humane society and helped
haha does he fly ? i have always wanted to go skydiving to see what that is like .
that sounds righteous ! when my bro and i are not touring i am boring and garden .
oh yeah , love em . my bro gets annoyed i grow a lot in our apartment haha .
my bro does not either , but should not twins like all the same stuff ?
read minds ? probably not . predict his next move ? totally
i wish ! can you imagine having real super powers ?
hey , i am in school to be a dentist . how about you ?
wow , that is a great profession .
it was all worth it though ? i am up late all night
exactly , do you have any hobbies ?
cool i am into sports , i like the raptors .
that is cool too . you are very intellectual then .
you are a lawyer so i know you have got skills .
ll that is just my personality . i like to compliment people .
hello how are you today
nice . what do you do for a living ?
i am looking for a job ,
no but i have recently graduated college
that is good i have a small business but i do not make much
i hope , i sell stuff at local fairs too for extra money
i have a few things that i intend to sell
you should ! i set up every saturday at the fair
cheers to the weekend ! how are you ?
i am well trying to determine which band tee i am going to wear
work , build a few drones , then comic con !
love techno music its a banger
cool we gotta party hard !
this 1 was for the holiday
the far midwest , how about you ?
good afternoon , have you had lunch yet ?
i am thinking about raiding my garden for a chicken salad . or , maybe a nice soup .
i am too . plenty of practice on my teens and pets .
i love rap ! tupac is my favorite .
i have to drive an hour to find a bar , i live in a very small town .
i think there may be seventy here . maybe a few more .
yes , i vacation in cali and florida both . sometimes , even mexico .
there is . i love surfing , do you ?
since getting my ba in education , i just got a job at a school !
i am super happy about it ! it is in my hometown , which is nice . you ?
what kind of dreams ? do you have kids ? i love kids .
you can help me unpack ! my new apartment is so close to work but cluttered .
that is terrible , you need a new job .
i hope your dreams come true . if not , come teach with me .
like a doctor ? a pediatrician could work with kids all day , like me .
hellooooooo ! how are you this evening
i am good . just showing my bro my new computer .
wow that is crazy ! when you do i will bake you a cake
i totes will i love to bake !
org that is awesome ! i do like tacos ! do you dance ?
haha i would look like a smurf in a blue dress
oh no ! i will just give them a tuna cake .
hello , how are you today ?
is your dog doing okay ?
what does your husband do for a living ?
that is very cool . i am a professional baker
it is . i love cake . i also love to play tennis
video games are fun . i like the show silicon valley
i like to watch it with my sisters
i have two . we live together
i am working my way through college taking care of wee uns how about you ?
when i get my mba i probably will not stay at the daycare though .
well my mom taught me to sing along with her students .
my dad wanted me to follow in his footsteps drilling teeth . does not interest me though
no . i want to wait until i am fiscally solvent
no she does not trust dentists . strange eh ?
one teapot in my dorm room . needs to be cleaned .
yes they are . no they are not . they are very happy
my farm was stolen from the government, if I could go back in time, I would have fought harder to keep my farm.
it is tough in kansas . but at least i have reality television .
i want to move to thailand .
foreigners can not do all the jobs . it is the law .
i want to farm again . i am so sad . so very sad .
why did the bank steal my farm ? it is not fair !
no , the bank beat me up .
that is why i will go to thailand .
hey how are you doing today i love collections
for me it is dolls and antics
i am very young but romantic
not really in victorian stuff too
i m still very young like dancing jazz
i like reading books too but i m not really into it
oh wow that s pretty interesting
oh i m sorry about that i misunderstood it
i am 26 years of age . how about you ?
police officer ! sense i was a little kid .
what a good choice of carrer ! congrats hun !
oh gosh i have allot . being under the age of 21 was nice .
yea been a photographer for awhile . same here !
i have almost finished with it too ! just gotta finish one book .
yeah just glad though school has started . keeps my mind busy .
hey what is your deal ?
i have two arms covered in tats so no teaching .
is 43 too old for a woman to have pink hair ?
excellent . my truck driving days may be at an end soon though . do you like work ?
that is a good priority to have
absolutely you need goals . do you play soccer ?
neither do i really . i just run .
it is so much fun but you need good shoes
hi there hows your day going ?
well i hear that what do you like to eat ?
lol i like sushi and some pizza
yes but i would prefer working on my garden
not really i tend to keep to my self now that i am older
yea what are your plans for the week
haha yea water is always good specially when ice cold
yes for 35 years now
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
kind of depressing . my boyfriends want to stay in an open relationship .
i love him . i do not love the open relationship . i am ready to be married again .
yes , but i am also so mad at a coworker . just a stressful weekend .
i guess its just i have 10 years more experience but she gets promoted !
yes . so lets talk about you . enough about me and my problems .
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i play the drums ! what kind of music do you play ?
nice ! i listen to a lot of rap , especially drake
i am a chef , i love to cook
wow ! do you have a lot of time for other activities ?
are you deployed at the moment ?
are you nervous ? what will you do in the meantime ?
you should go out to dinner with them . i love going out to eat .
hi there , how are you ?
feeling pretty sad that my husband no longer wants the kids so they are all my responsibility
it is sad . we have four kids and a couple of dogs
yes , even at my age of 50
yes , maybe i should indulge in some ice cream . i do like that
what else do you like ?
that sounds like it would be relaxing
hello , how are you today ?
you know , just watching tv and movies
no , i enjoy game of thrones too much
oh that is too bad , try taking them to a renaissance fair
do you have a job ?
i mostly work at home but i often do outside jobs
do you enjoy cosplay ? i do
we dress up as characters from famous movies and act
hello , hare you doing this day ?
ok . i am reading game of thrones now .
great harry potter is my favorite .
you like the walking dead right . i do
do you read anything else
really . i think that law and order books are good too
i just love reading books and watch sci fi movies .
i am getting ready to go to the fair this october
good evening how are you ?
oh that is amazing i love reading , mysteries are my favorite .
crazy . where are you located ? i am in santa monica , california .
ah you should visit by car even if you can its a beautiful drive .
i just got a new chevy bolt its very efficient .
kinetic blue metallic . everyone at work loves it .
i am the supervisor at a power plant so it really sets the tone .
hello how are you ?
enjoying some ice cream before i pick up my 4 kids from school
no i am american . 4 kids is a lot . my husband does not want them
50 years old and i am stuck with 4 kids he does not want . and 2 dogs
no time to hike with all these kids . do you hike ?
wow that sounds really fun . what else do you enjoy ?
i really love ice cream but no time for other pleasures
hello how are you doing ?
fine just looking at the nashville news .
yes it is , i love shopping at the farmer market every week .
i recycle my plastic and paper trash to show my commitment to the environment .
i work part time as a clerk at the local university .
nashville university , you can buy all organic products there .
yes i believe in keeping the planet safe .
you will be a awesome actor just keep the faith .
hey , what is up ? what are you up to ?
i can beat you in chess probably
maybe . i am almost blind .
i saw a solar eclipse before with no glasses
that is why i am kind of blind
i got a job though recently
at a club . a security person
i will try not to . i want to be nice .
only a few minutes to chat while the red sauce simmers . dinner for 17 !
just the family . italians . italian americans . my folks are 1st generation .
as long as its not rap . my husband is older and does not like all the noise .
ink drake . i am only stateside few years since i was 14 .
just do not drum loudly . my marriage is still new i turned 19 last march .
excellent ! and you can quietly tell me more about who drake is .
hey , now . i thought we agreed no rap ? ! ?
hello . how are tonight ? i just enjoyed a freshly baked cookie with chocolate chips
do you have a headache ? yes , a good cookie does wonders .
i am so sorry . please be careful of head injury . did you get checked out ?
. . . been there . i would drive you if you live nearby , and pay for your visit .
okay . i feel safe in my toyota . my forever car .
yes , a relative had one for years and years . do you have a favorite superhero ?
i work for pepsi . and it is my favorite soda .
good morning how are you today ?
does anything annoy you ? i get annoyed tidying up after my family .
that is a good way to live . where do you work ?
awesome ! that is great . personally i would rather eat for a living .
that is a fantastic job . do you think there is life out there in the universe ?
can you really hope to be an aspiring singer ?
ah i see what you mean . but do you think there are UFOs ?
i do not trust YouTube videos . it makes me sad .
hi how are you today ?
i am alright just hating this weather
summer is definitely my favorite
i am not . do you like the flash ?
i do not but i enjoy butterflies
they are alright but butterflies rule
to me its summer for sure
how are you ? i am home making music with fart noises with my armpits .
it is fun ! when i was a child i was a superman fan .
i would like to visit mars . i am afraid of heights . what are your hobbies ?
all my ex girlfriends have cheated on me , but not my current one . . . yet . . . lol
i hope this one sticks . i am very happy now .
i hope your kids make good choices , and do not cheat on their significant others . . lol
do what you gotta do ! do not mess with me !
how old are you children ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am not , are you ?
wow , do you like it ? my nickname was gentle giant in high school .
that will come in handy , what do you want to do for work ?
that is really cool ! i live in california on the beach , how about you ?
sounds hot but i bet you can drive fast on the highways there .
maybe your family will buy you one , nothing better than family .
that makes sense , they can be dangerous too . i have had near death experiences in cars .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a full-time student
what do you do for a living ?
i have no idea what that is
i can't, I am a starving student
hi , nice to meet you . where are you from ?
i am in the states as well . how are you doing today ?
i am just looking up places to travel to
i have been there before , as well as ireland and australia .
no i do no . how about you ?
oh nice . what kind are they ?
oh i see . did you get them from the shelter ?
hello how are you today
that sounds awful why do you feel that way
do you work at the library ?
how long has she worked there
no , i was just curious
i like to read a lot
what do you like to read
hey how is it going ? any advice on avoiding impulse ?
sweet . i am too poor for that . welfare since last month , wanting to walk into traffic since .
like that , well any meat i love meat so much !
the south , you can tell by my love of creed ! how about you ?
well , i am sorta typical . incarcerated father , impulse issues . any other hobbies ?
really ? i do not read much . anything on making wealth ?
do you want to go surfing with me ?
i am okay , i am a little stressed if i am being honest .
at the hotel , when i get off work maybe .
not saving money very well i guess
for college , i am poor
do you want to give me money
i did he said no chance
i guess that sounds fine . will you buy me something ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
hi ! i am bill , getting ready to go to bed , farming is early work .
i know nothing else , you can come visit our cattle ranch .
no , outside of grand rapids .
yes , it is . about 25 miles away .
yes , my wife and i have four small boys .
we have a barn cat , she is very fiesty .
she is panzer . the dogs are ; sherman , bradley and patton .
hey how are you doing ?
i am doing quite fine
i am pretty sheltered i just want to let loose
i eat it all . are you a vegan ?
pretty cool . i go to catholic school right now
i live in new england . do you know what that is ?
not bad , i can not wait to raise hell
that is amazing , i have never heard about it .
hey do you like musicians ?
like cds or mp3s i have a big collection .
yea you do lol i love the beetles .
i play my fav instrument too the bass .
collect a few things , how about you ?
stamps stamps stamps lots of them .
lol ! i like vintage pieces also .
hi , any good tips on becoming a vegetarian ?
me too . i want to try it but meat is just sooo good
ll . . cool pork rinds are my things
what is going on in your life ?
i am sure your parents are understanding
you want to tell me about it ?
hello , how are you today ?
ver nice . i have spent the day inside playing on my nintendo .
what do you like to do ?
that sounds exciting . do you like it ?
what is your favorite food ?
cool , i love hot dogs with mac and cheese . i also enjoy a good fish fillet .
hi my eyes are blue
i hate losing no matter what i do
my dad passed away when i was only 2
i can not stand it here
on this farm in ohio
that must be fun then
that sounds like something i would like
are you a dog lover ?
i have two dogs ; bully breeds . it is hard to live in the city with them .
i visit the city , but i prefer to stay in the country or hit puerto rico
how did you know ? ! maria loca was my name in my crazy years .
how many ? i was quit the rebellious one dressed in red and blue .
that is my favorite combination of colors . maybe because they make purple .
the school color is purple ? what grades are they in ?
is the holy spirit with you ? i am a follower of seventh day adventist faith .
not a problem . i will not preach .
i am good . just going over lessons for my elementary school students tomorrow . yourself ?
oh , that sounds dirty . i am always getting sick . i am told i am a hypochondriac .
that sounds quite interesting . have you had dinner ?
i had some tofu . i follow a strict vegan diet .
somewhat , but i just want to keep healthy so i do not get sick .
hi , i am jake , and i like watching football with my friends .
that is fun , too . do you play sports ?
how about watching sports ?
manchester united ! yours ?
well , then dallas cowboys !
what do you like the most about football ?
haha , me too ! watching with friends is the best .
i am glad that my nurse is my mom
oh wow . please try my new discovered indian food
and i am getting a dog very soon
how about music ? are you into it ?
i play the violin you might like it
coz i started when i was 4 til now
are you playing anything as of now ?
i can sing , is that gonna count
hey there , how are you tonight ?
wow that must be a rewarding job .
wow that is intense . i just have a regular office job 9 to 5
sometimes i attend yoga classes . you ?
that sounds like a good time . do you live in the city ?
i live in the city too . have you ever left the country ?
no doubt , i went to italy on holiday once
well be careful , what will happen ?
hey how is it going ?
i am great , i just back from the store with my grandma
all the time , she takes care of me
i just go to school
i am just in high school
i want to study business
yeah there is a lot of opportunity there
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i have the weekend off too . i am a software developer .
that is still nice . are you a checker ?
do you like it ? i feel stuck in my job .
i understand . it is not fun to feel stuck in your job . depressing .
i went to school for software development but feel trapped .
just to be a boss . that is not my style .
what do you want to go to school for ?
hey , what do you want to call me ?
i wanted you to say bill . but that is fine .
beautiful . is that okay ? do not tell my wife
i am from michigan . i have some pets
i have a cat too . how amazing
is everything about you beautiful ?
that is so deep and cool .
hello , how are you doing today ?
doing well ! i just finished practice for football . do you like sports ?
oh no ! i play for the ravens . i am a linebacker for them
yeah , i really enjoy it . what do you do for a career ?
ah , that is an area of interest to me , but was never very good at it .
i play professional football . i had a good season last year with 128 tackles
hey how are you today ?
i am doing well . only have 2 hrs left at work
i work at a telecommunication center . and sing happy songs
i use to do that . i do not want to again . lol
i completely understand . do you like to read
i do actually . what is your favorite movie of his
i understand that lol . i like to sing
my favorite band is the lumineers
hello , how are you today ?
i am good , do you have any fun plans for this evening ?
nice , i am a patriots fan tough loss for us on thursday night
its ok , we are doing this for money . there is an incentive for us to get along ll
i know 2 guys at work who have season tickets to the pats
ll your qb buy his diamond laden mouthguard yet ? ? ?
hey there , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good ; looking forward to going fishing in the morning . that is about it .
sunfish , my friend . there is none better .
any which way . its all good as long as its served with a beer !
indeed it is ! you and i might need to meet up at the creek sometime .
and you play ? ! yes sir or is it ma am ?
hello , there . this is sheena
i am very well . just put down a book
i have never heard of that show . quiet , just how i like it . just like the library
i am a librarian for children , i just love books and quiet .
that is very nice . i should spend more time outdoors , and with others
my ex-husband exercised twice a day , maybe that is why I have an aversion
i am not lazy , i just do not like to exercise .
hi how are you ?
i farm as my work , hobby i like to take photos and hike
sounds nice ! what is your favorite type of music ?
i love listening to rock music ! !
like i have mentioned , i work on the farm
plowing the field , feeding the cows . i work mostly with livestock .
hi how is your day ? i love to play volleyball , basketball etc what about you ?
how long have you worked in real estate are you a real estate agent ?
that is good keep at your dream . i want to one day invest in a multifamily property
that is great do u play any instruments ?
that is great do you eat healthy ?
going through personal issue stressful times taking one day at a time
yes i do too its better too see the good than the bad
i wish they would put the first season of survivor on demand cable !
i m not that good at technology . and don t have much money
thank you . i ll look that up on youtube after i m done watching big brother .
yes . a lizard . who is really upset like me that its getting cold already .
there are lots of blondes on the mtv beach house show too .
no , they seem to flirt a lot . i wish i lived in california instead of kansas
i used to take care of cows before the dairy farm shut down .
i bet you didn t milk them like i did the cows !
i need some advice on where to go on vacation , have you been anywhere lately ?
that is good you have a lot of travel experience
i have been working non stop crazy hours and need a break .
bora bora sounds nice , you have been there before ?
kittens really ? i rather be at the beach .
that would be a sight to see .
i love brownies too but i have not quite perfected mine yet .
hi how are you doing today ?
okay but i asked how you were doing ? i am listening to seiber
you are not very smart are you ?
i am a mother of two boys who i am happy are not as dumb as you
i am surprised you learned anything at all
do you also like little boys ?
hi how are you doing today ?
i am well where do you work ?
i am a teacher . get those kids in the right mindset .
individuality is fine though . free expression .
i do but i also enjoy dancing
i would hope so ! where are you from ?
new hampshire . people forget we are a state
what is your favorite food ?
all mexican is my favorite too .
good afternoon . how are you doing ,
sure . do you like dogs ?
i try to volunteer at the shelter with dogs so i see them all day .
i love it . they are great creatures .
sounds like a delicious job . haha ! fun one to have .
i go to college , but currently am between classes .
i do too . and also 90s alternative .
i prefer italian cuisine and trying new foods .
i want to read a book want to join
i do not care ever since the divorce i read everything
i work at a hospital how about you
i work in the er it is nasty
do you like dr pepper i love it
i love it i can not get enough
i know but i can not help it
hello , my name is kim and i have olive skin and green eyes .
i like green eyes . i want to be a librarian , what about you ?
oh i am , i bought a purse with a skunk picture . you know that is inexpensive .
i just thought the skunk picture was cute and i used debates for discount .
debates gives good deals and i hope you can benefit from it .
yes that is always useful to .
hey , how are you doing today ?
i have gotta go take my skunk for a walk pretty soon , so that should be fun
well i have a masters in italian literature but my brother thinks he is a viking sooo
that is awesome ! ready to graduate ?
that is so exciting . i was feeling free spirited yesterday and painted my nails green
no . way . you should for sure see my nails then . do you have any hobbies ?
we should really hang out some time
hello ! today is my birthday .
i did ! will ferrell and i went on a date .
he is not like the person he played in elf .
yes i think so ! honestly i have no idea .
do you miss being with them ?
what do you want to market ?
that sounds very cool . i am bad at sports .
i like to listen to jazz and feed cats .
hello how are you ?
i wish i was outside stuck inside studying for school
what kind of work do you do ? my parents are not well off either
sounds like great jobs do you enjoy them ?
yes i am currently taking three different science classes
i want to be a brewer and make beer
i drink beer lol what about yourself ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
tell me something about you
me too , i eat a vegan diet and do not like fish though
those are great foods , i also love coffee
what kind of writing do you like best ? i love painting
purple , i also love green . what about you ?
do you have pets , i am pretty much a cat lady . i have 23
lol that is true . in a way we have the same favorite
you going to comic con this year ?
i love dogs . i remember once seeing a cosplay dog that was so cute .
do you and your dog watch tv ?
i like game of thrones , so i am a fantasy buff .
i am working toward being a professional costume maker .
cant be tardy to the party . i would love to help !
how sweet . my job is at home so maybe a pet would be good.
hi how are you today ?
not bad it was a good day
yes i do its relaxing . do you like movies ?
nice i typically like horror but hard finding a good movie in the genre
i really thought the blair witch 2 was good
i do have one on my forearm you ?
oh that is odd it does not hurt does it ?
i can imagine it is not easy do you like beer ?
it is your serve . try to hit the ball over the net this time .
you might be , i play to win . do you have somewhere better to be ?
sunset is in an hour . for now , game on ! i can serenade you later .
you must have a hidden talent . american idol is coming to town and i will be there .
got any pets ? i bet they play tennis better than you .
we have that in common . do you like green too ?
we can take a break , that ball is not going to serve itself . lunch ?
no tuna this time , sorry sport . my dad cooked good chili last night .
hello , how are you today ?
just finished spending time outdoors , i like to hike
i enjoying binge watching shows on streaming services with mine
i am closer to my mother than my father . and i love to eat burritos
burritos are not keto lol
lol , i am about to go eat more burritos and binge watch my shows
hi , do you enjoy traveling ?
me too , i just got back from a long haul trip to portland . ever been ?
you should ! good hairstylists and great tattoo artists . do you have tattoos ?
what tattoo would you get , if money was no object ?
ah , that is awesome . were you close to your mom ?
that is tough . as a truck driver i have seen my fair share of that .
gotta have the jams on road trips . favorite album ?
dark side of the moon for me . hugs to your mom .
ugh , mine is going through a rough time now . so hard .
hello there . how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
i am a salesman . did you know that snakeskin oil has a lot of benefits ?
nice . ever wonder that clouds from different shapes . i enjoy that a lot
nice . every heard of jacob sartorius ?
i see . do not you also agree how costco is the greatest
hiking , reading , but sleeping is what i do best
sounds great ! do you know whos on tour now ?
hi , how is your weekend going
my wife is always cold , but i love her so much
lol , just cold . she bundles up in layers it makes me smile
only after the kids are asleep , they keep us busy all day
lol how do you think we got so many kids ?
i used to want to be an actor , what are your dreams
well now i am a baker , i do okay and have no regrets
hello there . how are you doing today ?
nice ! i am actually studying literature . american literature is much different than french .
what are your favorite authors and books ?
i have seen the film version . it was really quite popular even in france .
i understand that feeling . i have a passion for drawing but my fiance finds it silly .
i draw at the local coffee shop as well as the campus commons .
i would not say better . . . just different . what are your favorite foods ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you located ?
i am in southern california myself
i am a car dealer ship
it grueling . nobody wants to buy a car
hi do you want to fight me
are you calling me a clown ?
i live with my motorcycle club
why are you being so mean to me ?
just because i have not ever lost one before .
i do not think i would lose . i would eat your hair .
no , i just like fighting , like most women do.
so i win by default . i can drive you somewhere if you want.
hello ! tell me something about yourself
that is a lot of responsibility . what do you do for a living ?
that has a to be a little strange . i am a student , too .
taking classes to aid in my work . i have two different jobs .
web design and photography . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds rough . what else can you tell me about yourself ?
how cute ! i cannot wait to have kids . my wife and i do not have any yet .
hey how are you doing ?
wow where are you moving to ?
that sounds pretty neat . i have a house in washington
yeah i vacation in the mountains there . i like dogs
that is great i take my 3 kids hiking
only english , how about you ?
that is impressive . what is your job ?
i did not think that was a real place . i am a lawyer
hi ! how are you doing ?
nice , are you going to shop a lot there ?
i should shop more , i have 5 pairs of the same pants haha
i am from la . my senior prom was at disneyland , i still have a wallet photo
you should go its magical ! but i do not really like all the waiting in line
that is cool . my sister keeps asking me when i am gonna get married there
exactly ! she is becoming like my mother or something
hello how are you this evening ?
not much just reading some anime you
sick sick do you like techno ?
sick sick i am building drones for a living hbu
sick sick like medical brownies ?
watching anime right now about to do some laundry
yea its reffo boring but we need clean clothes right lol
specially those undies brawjetta feels me ?
hey you . what is going on ?
just sad that it is night time because i would love to look at the clouds
why did you get sad ?
i am sorry . you should definitely look into that
good i am glad to hear that . are you looking forward to halloween ?
i love getting all dressed up . i want to dress up as a hot cop
no problem . yes i am a girl
hello , how are you ? have you read any good books lately ?
i am a florist in a flower shop , i read lots of used books on breaks
oh , i am currently living in my parents basement so i understand how you feel
awesome ! what is his name ? i am a cat lover , myself . i have 2
ginger and violet . they are picky eaters . is your dog picky ?
well that is good . mine take after me . i am picky . i only eat vegetables
that is smart . i have found that only eating vegetables is very cheap and healthy
hi ! how much do you make per year ?
sounds great . i usually make 50 grad per year .
great ! i work for peta . do you like animals ?
wonderful ! what breeds ?
pitbulls are one of the best . i also like making clothes .
that is great . my husband owns a hotel .
yeah for sure . i hope you do great in life .
i love my children and my dog too .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thank you haha
i do not work right now
i like reading and sewing
how did you do that ?
are you an indian by chance ?
lol i think you are so funny
hello there where are you from ?
i am well , where are you from
i am currently a freshman at nyu
me too . do you have any hobbies
my favorite thing to do is photography
i have listened to a few of those .
that is a good way to listen
photography , what else is there
hello friend ! do you like surfing ? cause i sure do !
only 7 ! ? how cool ! have you ever been to the circus ?
same with my mother . with her teaching , and me traveling with the circus .
tons of them . they are my favorite animal .
i love it ! there is nothing better than listening to country music with my clown bros
i am not that scary . i love country music ! keith urban is my man !
that is what i am like before my morning coffee . . . ll
you are too young to drink coffee ! haha
hello there ! how are you
nice ! i am eating pretzels and listening to my favorite band vnv nation
awesome . sometimes when i am at work on the railroad i listen to them through my ipod
lake walks are nice , especially in the evening . i am usually home watching star trek though , haha
i prefer next generation , but i enjoy them all really .
definately ! star trek is a classic favorite of mine since childhood .
aside from tv shows and music , i am a huge fan of collecting railroad memorabilia . you ?
we share the railroad in common then ! i work there now . soccer is a great sport too .
good morning , how are you today ?
fantastic , about to head into work .
i am a police officer
it has its moments for sure . working in a museum sounds quite interesting as well !
well i consider myself a decent amateur artist . i just completed a self-portrait
i like to go mud riding in my truck
you should most certainly give it a try someday !
hi how are you this evening ?
just finished baking a pecan pie which everyone says i make the best !
i am a really good baker my friends say .
ii am sorry to hear that ! this pie has your name on it !
interesting . i am angry with my land lord . he raised the rent .
that would be awesome to eat without gaining weight !
i agree ! i am looking forward to Christmas this year , i will be turning 30 .
rainbows , i think they are beautiful .
hi . are you a man or a woman ?
me too ! my girl and i just called it quits .
she did not like me working third shift . dumb , huh ?
i have a couple of boxers .
rick and nick . i eat at mcdonalds a lot !
that would be good . is it true that workers spit in the food ?
i just take my chances and hope they do not !
true ! i really like the apple pies .
hello how are you today ?
i am off work today . my name is tony .
i have a great doberman as a pet .
i am twenty five years of age . my dog is a boy .
i got him when he was a puppy .
i work at a store . i ordered a pizza today , my favorite food !
i love pepperoni the best with mushrooms .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great , thanks . i am enjoying my day off from work .
i am a cashier at aldi . how about you ?
that is great ! did you graduate recently ?
that must have been an exciting day . where are you from ?
i live in michigan . it is a cold , rainy day today .
oh really ? my husband and i have lived here our entire lives .
no , i live in southeast michigan , near detroit .
hi , do you like sports ?
are you a professional musician ?
wow ! do you travel around with concerts ?
have you won any awards ?
i hope i can be as successful in baseball as you are in music .
how can a baby play music ?
how many instruments do you play ?
that is very impressive . are you rich ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i am a nra head
just cleaning my gun rack
nice want to know something funny ?
i write sappy poems about my guns
i also donate clothes often
nice we should give clothes and meals
you gotta stop calling me . . . you know i prefer texting to calls !
well my mother is in town to watch over my sick grandmother . . . so full house here !
do not the dogs barking keep you up at night ? i just gotta get my 8 hours sleeping !
yikes ! real live ghosts ? ! ? not just images on the computer we use all day ? ? ?
whoa ! you should sms over a picture next time you see them ! they show on film ?
i would be too . frankly , i am a little scared my nanna may become a ghost soon .
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing pretty good . getting ready to volunteer at the animal shelter .
i love all animals , but i work mostly with the dogs .
like dragons and such ? not only do i love animals but i love to dance !
i am really great at dancing . i love all music except country !
how close in age are you to them ?
nice ! i am sure you are close ! excuse my spelling , i am not good at it .
i have to go do my hair . takes forever because it is down to my knees .
hi what are you up to tonight ?
i am looking at different mustangs online . i love cool cars
one big and one little one
i enjoy walking and watching movies in the theaters . you ?
i do not really care for fish but that is cool
do you live with your dad ?
i have gone a few times but not really my thing . i prefer taking a walk
my pitbull would like that but the chihuahua prefers to be carried haha
i used to have to work 3 jobs but now i just have 2
just average . are you unusually tall ?
hi . i am so tired from working all week .
that is cool . i have 2 jobs right now so i do not have much downtime
interesting . my job as a real estate agent seem boring compared to that .
lol . that does not sound relaxing . i relax just by hanging out with my close friends
at my other job as a waitress i have a customer who always reads comic books
maybe he will take me for a date . who knows , i may find love
hi
good and yourself ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a vet at the animal shelter
i love running . its my way to detox
not really . . . what do you teach ?
where are you from ?
cali
hi , how are you today ?
how many kids do you have ? i have a three year old
i teach 1st grade , i have a lot of sixth graders that are wonderful
it is fun and every day is a new adventure
i go to a great church that offers fun events too , have you looked into church ?
my dad preaches , it has always been a part of my life
yes , i love that movie , it was amazing , and so terribly heartbreaking
i went through a whole box of tissues the first time i saw it
hi , i am into pink floyd . whats your fave group ?
i like them too . what do you do for a living ? I wish I could travel to Argentina and experience the culture firsthand.
cool job . i am a cook searching for a second gig .
i am a single young man
nope what about you buddy ?
i cannot argue with that .
true , you know how women can be .
oh playboy action going on
hello , i am from california . how about you ?
that is great ! i love to go surfing here , what's your hobby ?
my profession is a mechanic because i love cars !
no i do not , do you ? i have a corvette that i like !
i do have a german shepherd that i named twin though !
i have to he makes too big of a mess !
being a mechanic i am always looking up
hi . i have trust issues
i like to be alone
oh that is cool . are they good to be close to ?
my parents are terrible . and i love the library
oh crime is awful . yuck
oh that is really good ! i do not like other women
i live out in the alley
yes , i have 422 cats also so . . .
hello . how are you today ?
i love that show . so ready for the new season . what kind of work do you do ?
hopefully you get back to 100 soon .
i work for myself selling things at local craft fairs and whatnot . i love it !
lol . i eat my fair share of junk , especially in college .
i am starting a small business , maybe i will come across a sofa for you
how long is your recovery ?
wow . that must have been quite an injury .
i am feeding my cat breakfast i do not have any dogs
i am obsessed with my new cell phone
i read alot i am in a bookclub with 10 friends we meet every week
i love basketball and football especially college games
sometimes i meet friends for a drink
never heard of the dragons but sounds great
hi , how are you doing ?
i would love to say that , but i am a bad liar , very bad one
yeah , maybe you are right , i am obsessed with movies and filming
mmm interesting choice but risky one , and i do not try to think about death
or I could be a clown , I like to put a smile on people faces. I wish I could join a circus and perform with acrobats.
ha ha ha , i was thinking of something more normal
i am not crazy , at least that is what the voices are telling me
i wonder if that is why you spend time chatting with strangers d
i like cartoon , especially south park , how about you ?
my friends always watch cartoons . i like flintstones too . why so busy ?
yes me too ! i like jokes but man some go too far
yes it is , whats up ?
what did not you understand ? i am curious . steak is bad lol
it was its something i like
in moderation some are over the top ugh lol
today is perfect to go camping !
my family and i take time to go every month !
i like to horseback ride when i have time , what about you ?
have you ever seen justin timberlake ? i love him !
that is awesome ! as a busy mom i rarely get to go to concerts .
yes it is good me time . how did you get into that ?
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am good just finished teaching a Spanish class
just on the side . i have a lot of hobbies how about you
hiking , talking on the phone and gambling are mine
no , are you a healthy eater ? never leave vegetables on the plate
do you have any problems ? mine is gambling
maybe i will call a hotline
how are you ? i am home from a busy day at school !
good for you ! i bet they love you
yes , then i go get pepperoni pizza and iced tea !
yes , if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more flexible hours to spend time with my family.
me too ! i have too many pairs though ! my poor husband cannot understand
lol ! he is put up with me since high school , i guess he loves me
we do not see eye to eye on shopping but that is about it !
hello there do you like parties ?
that is cool , i love parties too and try to go to one every other night .
hey that is cool . i also work at a pizza place actually . free pizza !
bro ! i love going to the beach , i meet all the fly honeys there .
i am taking some business in college too . a beach business sounds cool .
ever been to a beach rave ?
i know where to get molly also .
hi my name is cat , have a sister named tara . and a dog named roc .
good i i have a brother as well he is awesome . i like the color red .
i am the shortest out of two of my siblings . . . i am 4 11 .
what year are you in ?
no i do not lately it s been watching tv
action movies . . it all depended on my mood . you ?
face food . . . not sure . i like all sorts of food .
good morning ! or is it morning where you are ?
wonderful . i enjoy the ocean but like the mountains too
i woul love to take my 2 kids to the beach this summer
where snouts do you work at a beach bar ?
southern california is beautiful . i used to play baseball there
much nicer weather in southern california . i live in northern california
not too much . brings in a lot of patients to my medical practice
yes i am a md . marine biology is a great field
hello . how is your day going ?
nice ! whatcha having ? i just got home from work and am watching my favorite movie .
after Titanic ends , i will take the kids for Chinese before stopping a bit at work . .
i watch ultimate disc league , soccer , hockey and golf with my son .
two . . . a two year old daughter and a six year old son . yourself ?
i am single as well . where are you from ?
i live in Sterling Heights Michigan . . . born and raised .
it can get quite cold here . i suppose that i am accustomed to it now though .
hi ! do you have a family ?
i am good . hanging out with the hubby and son . you ?
do you have a spouse ? my hubby is a federal worker
that would be nice . i own a bakery near a beach town
of course i do ! you would like them
what do you do for fun ?
i lead a quieter life taking long walks on my own
hi names mandy i have a collie named bacon
i love to sneak oreos between meals
well that does stink but i love my family we travel alot
i need out this rap cafe i live for country
i hate my blue eyes wish they were green and my hair blue not brown
halloween is as close to spotlight as my life gets
u like cuddling up with bacon during winter nights
lol i meant i , but snow ball fights with dogs are funny
i am only 5 foot 4 so i got you
it is okay i quit target i hate red
ouch my siblings work the gap
yeah go for the gold i always say
i love petsmart but i love blue
hello , got three tattoos on my left arm .
oh awesome . my mother is an active nurse . my dad though . . . never got to know him .
oh nice , my career is at a bookstore
it is . i have decided to not ever drive too , so my life is calm .
i enjoy them too , always fun .
great memories of all the sports games i have been too , including baseball
makes sense , whether for celebration or consolation .
are you as busy of a person as i am ?
it is a wonder that i find time with my kids activities .
i enjoy fall a lot . are you into winter sports or activities ?
me too . i would rather be warm with a cocktail and good friends .
i have at least seven groups i belong to , so online shopping is a must !
how is your time spent the most ?
oh , cool . seems like all of mine is spent driving in my black surburban !
my father is an engineer and mother is retired .
hello friend ! how are you today ?
i have been better . all that chocolate last night gave me a tummy ache .
oh no , what went wrong ?
ugh , that is terrible . sounds fun though .
i do ! i am addicted to watching home improvement shows . you ?
i live alone as well . i hope to have two children someday though .
i understand that feeling .
no , hopefully that will change in the future .
can you help me with my math homework ?
ate 2 boxes of fries , they bought two more and ate one how many fries
i eat far too much french fries . makes me smell like them
pizza with fries is the best , keeps me small
great , they are great diet food
what is a heart attack ?
what does that entail ? are you anorexic ?
hey there ! how are you today ?
ok , i got a sweater today but it did not fit , too small
it was purple , total bummer . do you like math ? i cant do it
ooh i just started doing yoga , i love it !
thursdays for me , what kind is your favorite ?
i love swimming too . my new apartment has a pool and i am spoiled
nah , just a dog , i am not a fan of kids
oh do not we all ! i love to shop .
hi . how are you today ?
i am good . i live in north texas so i was not in the path of harvey
it is . i went to rockport to relax
one daughter . she is pre med
really ? why is that ?
oh you have been divorced several times ? that is sad
really ? how do you get that emotion resolved , being an actor ?
did you hear the news ?
an asteroid is headed straight for us . . .
good luck , i am going to the uk where the bunkers are
what is skittles ? you will not be ok when the impact cloud hits the atmosphere
really ? i learned something ! i am going to miss skating
hey wikipedia says skittles is a bowling game i never watch baseball but i listen
the impact cloud will cause famine and freezing temps . wheat is what u need
the dress code is black knock twice and then say blink not pilgrim
hello how are you today ?
sweet i could really use them
red hot chili peppers for me
lines are for other people
what is your favorite fruit ?
i like oranges the best .
not yet i really like waffles too
haha i wear size 6 shoes
hello it is nice to meet you
i am in baltimore , where i play baseball for the baltimore orioles
i sure do i learned to cook when i was in college at miami university
i play baseball for the orioles
that is is nice my boyfriend plays for the redskins
sure , we have a lot of trust in our relationship so we have friends , do you
howdy i am a baseball player
i am the ball boy , i just collect the balls , i love collecting the balls ,
hi how are you tonight ?
i am feeling very gassy and full right now
sausage . they looked a lot like my fingers
i enjoy drawing fruits . do you have any hobbies ?
i am not into drugs . i can make anybody laugh just by being myself
what did the teddy bear say when he was offered dessert ?
he said no thanks , i am stuffed
hi how are you tonight ?
i am ok work was kind of stressful trying not to eat too much
haha are you a neat freak to ? i organize everything
i like that to what do you for work ? i teach elementary
i have been there before . do you have kids ?
understandable . i never had kids i like them but did not want my own
after working with them all day at school i could not handle having one
yea some days are very stressful
hi how are you today ?
i run at night that is cool
very nice . do you like pictures ?
noah i am saving up for a camera
i think so . i wanna take pictures of my job
i work at a movie theater heh
i love any kinds of spicy foods . you ?
want a beer ? my treat !
i can bring some over for them , too . i just got back from visiting the old hometown .
good old san fran ! but it is good to be back ; time to rest these feet .
that would be nice . wi fi would not go down as often . i blame obama .
yeah , pig farming must be miserable !
yuck . what are you allergic too ?
ha . fair enough . there is a reason i have not seen my feet in 2 years !
too much beer , not enough people ! ha ha ha ha
hello . i am fabulous today . you ?
great . i am fabulous every day . its how i choose to live .
i like lots of foods . i buy food online mostly .
i just prefer to shop online . more choices .
i love clothes and those i do buy at the store . i like to try them on .
i do not have kids . i might some day but right now i enjoy myself .
so are my clothes , let me tell you .
hey how is your morning ?
great . not to be forward , but are you single ?
my wife and i split up recently . i love cats !
you need more closet space . what is your favorite town ?
awesome ! i love skiing too . mostly running though .
same ! i work in a law firm here , plan to stay forever .
that sounds kind of fun . we should hang out .
you should drive safe . what is your favorite food ?
hey how are you doing
pretty good , thanks for asking
i work a 9-5 office job
sweet , i am scared of horses
chicken soup , my family own a restaurant
wow , that sounds tasty
wow you be eating the good stuff
well i eat a lot myself , i volunteer also at the soup kitchen
yo wassup ? i am drinking some pretty expensive wine right now .
cool . went to a debutante ball once . that is almost like the opera .
nice . what vintage . i got a trust fund , so i am always in the market for wine .
classical is good . a couple bottles of wine in me and i like any music !
if one glass is good , two is twice as good , right ?
merlot is good . i prefer expensive wines . trust fund money to burn .
lol . find the diamond i lost at the ball and i will consider the bentley !
hello , how you doing , my name is tom ,
i am a accountant , and live in n . y and you
ok , do you have any hobbies , or
maybe you play a sport , like soccer
in my spare time i play soccer or hit the boxing bag
well it is never late , , excessive is the best medicine
hello , i will be glad when summer is over , you ?
summer is too hot , we never get rain , and playing in the rain is fun .
yes , watching movies . rita hayworth is my favorite .
sounds interesting . computer animation or voice over ?
nice , my computer is too slow , i need to take it to shop .
very cool ! ! i wear glasses and have a hard time getting them clean .
it is good you do not wear glasses . they are hard to clean .
hi , how was your day ?
sounds fun . what do you do for fun ?
i enjoy table top board games with friends .
i do as a teacher and i have a crush on another teacher i work with .
i do . i live with my parents still to help them though .
yes it can be difficult at times , but i love them .
i also enjoy playing computer games .
we should , what do you like to play ?
hello there i just got back from a great vegan bistro how are you
oh i am an art student and saw the Dead when i was a child
that is ok i love art museums but can't draw to save my life
not anything that big , but i hope to teach one day
i am in college , but work for my uncle at his garage
ahh i recently started dating a guy who writes for the school paper
yeah his views are not always liked and was bullied enough before college
hi , i am a multiracial person , biologically. I wish I could visit my grandparents in person.
puerto rican , and chinese mixed.
blues music is what i.
germany is where i am from , fluent in english and spanish.
how are you doing today ?
prince is my favorite artist.
yes i do , german and americans.
not really i want to.
i won a trip to hawaii for being in the top 100 salesmen for ibm .
i work for ibm here in chicago . what kind of work do you do ?
no they are not owned by anybody other than ibm and stockholders .
i love it . my parents wanted me to play basketball since i am almost 7 feet tall .
i play music in a few bands . one is a rolling stones cover band .
no visible tattoos for me . ibm do not like them very much for salesmen .
i do sometimes but only the kind with live bands
no record spinners or pop music for me . it has to be a real band playing live
hello , my name is tom
i am okay , a little sore from standing all day , how are you
sounds fun , i spent most of my day cooking
i can put it away as well ! gives me energy for swimming
no i get workers comp , i lost my pinky toe on the job .
i worked in a kitchen and dropped a knife on my toe !
yeah it was not my best moment , that is for sure
mostly just swimming and cooking , can get hard with a missing toe !
hi there , can you teach me how to swim ? looking for help .
i will repay you with my favorite meal , a ribeye . fair ?
we can carpool if you want , i just bought a brand new tahoe !
they are welcome to come along . i can play metallica for them .
yes , i sell domain names . i love metallica . you ?
nice , i love clothes . are they expensive ? maybe i can order some .
good because i am broke after buying that tahoe i told you about .
i love to do crafts , making bracelets actually .
hi , how are you doing today
what do you sell ? i am about to have my favorite lunch , pizza !
oh that sounds like fun . . i work at an auto shop , on trucks . . you ?
oh okay . where are you from ?
okay , my doberman and i are in Chicago
nope all man . . i am 25 , and you ?
oh i could never do that . . meat is too good
hi , how are you today ?
cool . i am a shopper , but i have tons of coupons
nurses are great . i donate things to the hospital for them
i have every coupon you could think of
nope , no pets for me
yes , that is why i try to save as much money as i can
i also have two . jack and jillian
yeah i loved that story as a kid lol
hi , how are you ?
have you ever been to mars ?
on mars i saw aliens and there is fresh water you can drink .
i work at the ymca and i am a member too .
kids will pull on your hair , that is why my hair is cut very short .
do you have any cats ?
i have a big dog that is from pluto
hello . how are you this miserable day ?
i hate my job , and want to quit , become a roadie for justin bieber .
i love jb but hate standing in line to see him .
that is really cool . i really like my pants . i own five pair of them
they are . bright purple and glittery . i love them
exactly ! i wore them for my senior prom . still have the picture in my wallet .
that is unfortunate . my mom does not talk to me because of my life choices .
hello , how are you ? i so glad i bought a house with my lovey .
where do you live ? i am from portland , oregon .
talking about drink , i brew beer with my gay partner .
yes , it is like that . are you in college , if so what is your major ?
wow , you are very young . i thought you would be older .
i am . were your family able to evacuate florida when hurricane irma came ?
hi and how has your day been today ?
great . making a new aquarium today . that is what i do for a living
for any type of fish but not whale of course
6 feet ? amazing . my wife helps out even though she is legally certified deaf
yes . i am such a lucky man to have my parents still living at 100 age
yes with my six amazing brothers . we are a one great happy family
hey hey ! how's it going ?
great , my boss asked me out , so hopefully we will be doing something entertaining .
get to know him first , you know . it is a little weird that he is my boss
yeah me too , he is only 2 years older than me , i remember him from highschool
well , we knew each other , but never really talked . . .
here and there , do not have too much time , being a real estate agent and all
chinese ! love the noodles ! and egg rolls
yummy , i could go for some rich chocolate cake ! sounds amazing !
what's your favorite holiday , christmas is mine
i love reading fantasy novels , magic rules
sounds good , my daughter is into magic stuff too
i am a teacher at a junior high
i teach english and creative writing
i mainly write fantasy stuff . i like reading tolkien .
hello , what are your hobbies
that i such an odd hobby , i mostly film youtube videos
ahahah my dads an airline pilot , i should stick a go pro on him
he does ! i wear glasses unfortunately
it does , i have gotten better at doing makeup to hopefully overlook that fault
maybe i will , not sure if you can become a pilot after lasik , i will check
that is ok maybe i will persue film editing
hello , how are you tonight ?
you are very welcome , where do you live ?
in nyc . i am going to school here for nursing .
what games ? i do not have time to play . i am a singer in a band .
do you have any pets ? i have a horse , ed . he does not talk .
i had an egg salad sandwich , what did you have ?
i am going to have a beer later , and hot wings .
i am not worried about it .
hi how are you doing today
that is awesome ! i am drinking some chai tea it helps me sleep
i do sometimes . what do you do for a living
you should learn . i fix computers and hate it . but i do not tell anyone
there is good money in it . i drive a dodge challenger
its a 15 . do you have any pets
i have a dog too named duke he is my best friend
that is awesome and cute . well i have to go was nice meeting you
hello , how are you ?
i am great . i went on a run this afternoon . what did you do today ?
that is awesome . do you have plans for the weekend ?
it will be nice here , so i will hang out back and work on the story i am writing .
i am a writer . what kind of story about your mom did you want to write ?
i am sorry to hear that . that sounds like a great story .
mysteries . they are my favorite . i watch a lot of mystery movies .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing okay . could be better
i like to help out the poor . my loved ones get annoyed with how much i care
yes , they get even more because i make apps that can help make the world better
yes , any little thing counts ! we need to take care of the world
i like christian electronic dance music , you ?
i have muscles like my mother . we both make money weightlifting .
yes he does . you like people with blonde hair and brown eyes ? lets be friends .
cool . smelly feet do not bother you do they ? you like money ? i do .
great ! moms says brown eyed people who read comic are smart . you a superhero ?
my mom makes money weightlifting . her feet stink too .
sure . i hope you become moneyman my favorite superhero . my mom likes money too .
hello , how is your day ? i just got done listening to an audiobook
nice . no kids for me . but one day , and we will go to the beach a lot
i enjoy being by the water a lot . that or i am watching cartoons or movies
definitely ! funny story , my mom met elvis ! she said he was funny
definitely . i live in vegas , left home at 14 . i see him everywhere
i have not seen that . do you like it ? a small bakery sounds cozy
not really . it was better for me to leave . cartoons and books helped me get through it
it is the best medicine ! that is why cartoons are better than movies
hey whats up ? how are you ?
i am pretty good . stressful night . you like white russians ? lol
gotcha . i love coffee and alcohol . i smoke way too much though . like 2 packs a day
well i love music . play a lot . i am obsessed with lindsey stirling lol
womens softball is hot haha any favorite foods ?
well mine could not be more opposite haha . i looooove meatloaf
hey , how is it going ?
i am drinking carmel cappuccino !
well , being in graduate school , i need the caffeine !
great ! grad school is a lot of writing . . .
wow ! i have not even started that yet .
hi nancy ! i am melody . . .
i like uptown funk . . . whats yours ?
nice ! what was you dissertation about ?
hello . what is your favorite season ?
i like summer too . even though its really hot and i hate wearing dresses . . .
no , i was adopted and do not have children myself . do you have kids ?
as a kid i saw the superhero flash . love him .
once i went to a zoo and they had a butterfly park . gorgeous .
sorry if i am taking long ; i type one handed .
yes , i am an extremely weird person .
hello , how are you today ?
i am just getting ready for the halloween holiday soon
i am not sure what i might dress up as but my daughters want to dress up
yes . i have two daughters . do you have a family ?
oh that is nice . i remodel houses
i go hunting during hunting seasons . how about you ?
i never of dove hunting . have you ever shot a bow before ?
what else do you like to do for fun ?
hi how are you today
do you enjoy the work ?
do you enjoy the bakery though
who is the better chef
i do teaching jobs yeah
yeah but it is hard work
i do volunteer work yeah
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am tired ! i have just finished baking five pies to take off tomorrow .
i am traveling to a family reunion tomorrow .
i actually photograph local bands for a club in my area .
i do not know . i am married , two kids , and i am a garden architect .
photography is a side job and i get to travel for it sometimes . east coast
i feel like the industry is getting both easier and harder to break into .
exactly ! yes , landscape architecture is always changing . people are using more sustainable materials now .
hello there tell me about yourself
i love learning about cultures outside of the us
oh no . i am sorry to hear that . that is sad
yea of course . that is good to think positive
well i am pretty bored . lol i live on my computer
yea i hear ya . lol i watch a lot of foreign stuff too. I wish I could sing in different languages like an opera singer.
oh really ? i really wanna learn other languages
how are you doing dear friend ?
where do you spend your holidays from ?
however what is wrong with cold weather and you ?
how is the life of a dog simpler than that of a woman ?
so what makes you feel like being a dog ?
why , are your parents nagging or not listening ?
do you have any relatives whom you can visit to be away from them sometimes
now like in holidays you can beg them to allow you visit them
hello ! i just got my kids off to school
they are good ! i have two of them . it is difficult in a wheel chair .
i am . it is difficult but i make it
congratulations ! that would be so fun ! i would need a dress .
that is so cute ! i do not have any pets .
oh that has to be rough . family is important .
i am . my husband always wants tomatoes to eat and i hate them !
perfect ! it sounds like fun . did you get your dress ?
hi how ar you doing
i am good getting ready to go to work at th bank
that is smart do you like cats
i have three they are the best
yes but i do not think my cats like it
i like brad pitt what abou you
he is good do you collect anything ?
i collect teapots i started when i was a little girl
hey there , how are you today ?
how is she ? last I heard she had a crazy rash .
well good for her ! what does she teach now ?
i would have gotten into teaching if i was not a nurse .
i cannot chat long , i am going paddle boarding soon .
it is my favorite thing to do on my days off .
do you have plans for tonight ?
hey how i would it going
wow sounds like you are on call , i create cars for a living
cool you restore cars ?
very nice , how much do you make a year ?
o okay was wondering i make 30k
yeah you work on planes and i work on cars , was comparing haha
5 years now , but been in to cars my whole life
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
john. i am pretty tired, just flew in from england.
i just got back from teaching an orchestra classical music.
i could not do that i do not think! broke my leg once when i was a kid!
i am sure. never got on a bike again. learned the guitar instead.
that is how it started for me too! then I learned other instruments and now I teach!
how are you doing tonight
i am doing good just watching the news
yes i am happy with my life and yes i am a stay at home mom
that is cool how many kids do you have
i have two boys and one girl myself boys are easier to deal with lol
lol they usually listen to the mom
yes i love baking cakes and decorating them
omg yes they do i made an Xbox 360 cake
hi i am tracy my cats name is oreo
not really i collect tea sets
i cant do fast food my grandmother lives in my pool house
yes i been divorced almost 3 years
yes i got a new suit with my bonus from work
it been dry most do not understand my grandmother live on my property not with me
believe me i am trying to
i do the gym and volunteer at the pet shelter
hello , how old are you ?
well , i just got out of high school . going to college next fall .
i have always dreamed of being a doctor . what do you do for work ?
that sounds very exciting . did you enjoy college ? i am nervous to leave the state .
the university of michigan . i hope the summer is nice there , it is my favorite season .
fall can be pretty nice . i like fall foods . what is your favorite food ?
my favorite is tacos , however i detest spaghetti .
me either . what other things do you like ?
hi do my glasses make me look ugly ? ?
well i hate my green eyes
i do but i was raised in italy which is why my skin is so olive
i love books which is why i work in library
speaking of animals i think skunks get a bum deal hence their on my purse
it is the skunk from looney tunes so if its real i am blind
yeah i got it for my college graduation
art and design nothing fancy
whats shakin bacon ? how are you . . .
what is myoma ? if you do not mind me asking . .
ll i was not even thinking that . sounds like a lot of fun tho . .
that is a big group !
i am good , about to go to the dentist in a bit .
not at all , but gotta have my braces checked out . what kind of novel was it , fiction or non ?
cool . i prefer fiction , or documentaries . kind of a nerd i suppose .
i live in florida now
hello , my grandpa fought in wwii and i eat steak a lot .
fruit only ? you sound like a fly . drive my chevy tahoe with me .
rock music only for me , it is my favorite ! so you eat tomatoes ?
tomatoes make my gums bleed .
hopefully i do not have serious problems .
i am happy that you are care for me .
that sounds awful . but then again , i love eating soap .
your garden is amazing . do you grow steaks ? they are my favorite .
how are you doing today ?
me too ! ! ! i love my job so much
i create videos for the discovery channel
my favorite food is pizza
i love animals do you have any pets
what city ? do you meet any celebs ?
where is the wedding going to be ?
nice i have never been there is it really crammed up
hi how are you today
nice do you work then
i do not work but love food
definitely pizza oh wow so good
probably tom petty , and you ?
yeah that is very sad news
i have never been actually
hi ! tell me about yourself
really cool ! i am not big on fashion but i have a lot of tats
i am a secretary but i am a member of a motorcycle club too
i am from dallas . what about you ?
no i have not but i would like to one day .
i am sorry . i would like to move . always getting in fights here .
only motorcycle ones lol . i am actually just a tough woman
how are you doing today
why are you in the hospital
what kind of stunt was it
at least you did not break your back
who is rufus ? i am good .
i do not . i like to hike and be outside .
i like to go to the mountains
never . that is not safe .
hello , it is nice to meet you .
me too . the snow is great . i love hiking through the snow .
i am a marketer . i work in advertisement . how about you ?
and what do you want ? that is what is most important .
i always wanted to be a professional wrestler but i am out of shape .
i also love traveling so it would be a win , win . do you like music ?
i enjoy folk music . what is your favorite ?
what are you doing ? i have been reading all night , needed a break .
games of thrones . i love fantasy books . are you a teacher ?
what do you teach ? i am a student right now , hoping to eventually become a journalist
cool . do you have family in mexico or just in new hampshire ?
whats it like teaching english ? i go to school for writing and i love it .
could not agree more . learning is really important .
i wish i could dance . writing and reading is all i
hello , how are you doing ?
oh wow , sounds fun . i am about to eat lunch and then head to work .
interesting . i work at the movie theater , i have been there for four years .
that is great ! glad he had fun !
that sounds like quite the adventure . i love running but not away from something lol !
i hope so too . so what color did you get your nails done for the pageant ?
hello ! i am a band loving senior in high school , you ?
that is really cool , i live in the city , hoping to get in to university of kentucky .
maybe i will get to know country life there . are you close with them ?
awesome ! i enjoy it when my family and i go camping , we always do some hiking .
i sure do . just do not like to eat it .
sorry they make poles now just for people with your disability . what do you do for fun
i listen to music , in hopes to be a producer one day
hello how are you today ?
it was great , all day shopping online
yeah me too . do you believe in love ? i do not
i do not believe in it , that is why i am alone
i do but its hard i guess . that is why i drink a lot
mostly tequila , i am Mexican
oh yeah . what part did you go to ? i am from Morelia Mexico
that is a great place to visit , i like going to the Rivera Maya
hi ! how is your sunday ?
fantastic just going down the lake for a swim
i do not . i have my horror novels to keep me busy
i am a very interesting accountant you could say
i would love too ! maybe i can show you some novels
that sounds like fun ! i love blue colored balls
i should ! that sounds very nice
well i have tons of money , we would be a good match
hello , how are you ? i am doing well , just listening to classical music .
hi sarah . do you like to golf ? its one of my fads .
the law firm i work for just promoted me . they are a large one .
are you married ? i am , with three kids .
i really love doing my work .
cool , well have a good one . bye .
hello . what are you doing ?
just fighting with my girlfriend as she tells me she is going to leave every day .
its not the best feeling .
well i am a great guitar player so that relaxes me .
i like playing guitar at home since i do not have to wear pants .
i also watch movies . weirdly i love john gresham movies but not his books .
i do not have that much energy . do you work ?
hi ! how are you ? i really should work out .
i am . most of my friends are too . i role play games with them .
dungeons and dragons mostly . i like being a knight .
that is awesome . what are you studying ?
i like to hang out with friends too . we listen to music a lot .
insane clown posse is my preference . they rock .
your dog has bad taste ! lol
i am glad you love your dog . what do you do for work ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
do you draw a lot ?
what do you do for a living then ?
i am like a little boy . i loveeee trains .
of course ! i love my boy thomas the tank engine .
odor always reminds me of honor . honor .
hi there . where ya from ? i am from florida
cool ! never been there ! hear it is quite pretty .
no i do not . but i like dogs and i own one named maddie .
me either . and i do not care to ha .
yes . although at times it gets too sad .
same to you . nice talking with you .
american husky is the breed . i love them
those are sweet . my uncle has one . his loves bigger dogs too . funny !
hi how are you today ?
great just sitting here playing some video games .
cool ! work was horrible today , i got welders flash .
when you forget to flip your hood down .
yes , its not safe to weld without a hood . oops !
very cool ! i enjoy playing the guitar too .
can you play any all american rejects
favorite foods ? i love meat .
hi there . how are things going with you ?
what type of museum are you visiting today ?
that is terrific . i build aquariums and am always on the lookout for background art .
in central florida but i complete many custom jobs which allows me to travel worldwide .
i have three older brothers and three younger brothers spread out across the country .
no . my parents are both 101 and currently live with my wife and i .
i do . my brother in law is president of paramount pictures what is your favorite show ?
i enjoy the voice as well . do you sing ?
i reside in an urban area , how about you ?
though i do not life in the country i am an equine owner .
it keeps saying i am copying stuff so that is an animal that cowboys ride .
i am too busy , as i am enrolled in an educational institution to become a medical professional .
i am aiming lower . for fun i produce vocals with a group .
my equine provides ample opportunity for exercise . what about you ?
are you in school still ?
hi there ! how are you ?
cool ! how long have you been doing ballet ?
professional translation . i am currently unemployed though so i am writing a novel !
a crime story set in new york !
thank you ! so what are your hobbies ?
cool ! what sort of movies do you like to watch ?
hey there honey , how you doing ? i seriously could use a manicure right now . . .
awe , well you could come with , then i need to stop and get my lips did
oh yum ! i might ruin my figure but pizzas worth it !
right ! ; so what do you do for a living ?
haha cute ! i have a degree in fashion but still have not got the courage to start
yeah , my sis in law is totally jealous of me , but i wish she would just support me instead
hi how are you today ?
pretty well are you adopted ?
i was and i do not believe love
do you have any horses ?
i horseback ride that is physically demanding
for as long as i can remember
i do not . i should listen to more music
hello , my hobby is to read books .
that is wonderful , writing is also a good hobby
i am done with my work and just finished buying groceries .
nice . what type of music do you like ?
classical music make me feel calm and release the stress .
yes i do . my family is in the automotive business .
wow , we have something in common . it was nice talking to you .
yes . have a good day
hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work at the hospital
yes ! i got to amputate a leg and put a skull back together ! !
i am a trauma surgeon at a level 4 trauma center , it went well
it was a lot of school but i like it . hope my daughter does follows .
not always , sometimes the injuries from accidents are too severe . always sad but it happens .
yes . what do you do for fun ?
my mother is a concert pianist . i think i inherited her agile hands
do you have any hobbies ?
hi there , how are you ?
me too . i have been training a lot in a recent archery class i joined . i love it
yes , but also because i am hoping to keep improving and go big with it
compete . its funny i have never enjoyed sports until now
keep working at it . since discovering how talented i am with this sport i am hopeful
i quit my job so i can train , what about you ?
that is awesome . what else do you enjoy ?
you ever seen arrow ? i love his archery skills
hello there , how are you today ?
same here , about to eat some lunch !
i work for a computer software company . how about you ?
very interesting . what kind of online business do you operate ?
oh i love yoga . virtual yoga sounds really intriguing
every night before bed of course
lovely , what is your favorite position ?
yoga blocks rocks ! my dog toto barks at me when i use them
hello ! how are you today ?
you did not spell anything wrong . tell me about your job
i am in college , i am studying to become a dentist
nah , i am the odd one out . are you a sports fan ?
i love sports , my favorite team is the raptors . what about yours ?
florida , it is pretty late . you ?
what shows are you into ?
no , i just finished binging bo jack horseman though
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
how do you like it there ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i like rap and r b . . . pop
good morning , my name is jan how do you do ?
i am currently at my office job , do you work ?
that sounds really cool ! are you an artist ?
i love visiting national parks , do you paint landscapes ?
new york sound great , do they have gaming there ? i like that .
they have good museums there , i like running and have jogged past a few . ll .
hi how are you today
what is your favorite band ?
my favorite band is guns n rose
do you have any purses ?
oh male purses are nice tho
then punch them in the head
hey ! i am a 15-year-old girl
terrible , life is pain .
well i love animals , when i grow I wanna be a vet
that is cool ! i am more of a dog person . you like any sports ?
i love soccer ! that and field hockey .
no i am a freshmen i can't play sports till next year .
hi , what are you up to ?
just finished cooking a rotisserie chicken with chimichurri sauce . you ?
how many do you have ? i had a long day too . that 9 5 hustle .
i have my own business , but i really want to open a bakery one day . you ?
Second Speaker:If I hadn't pursued a career in programming, I would have loved to become a chef and open my own restaurant.  that is awesome ! i volunteer at my local soup kitchen too !
in virginia . i actually helped set it up in the area .
hello new friend ! whats up ?
that is good . any good saturday hobbies ?
give . i like to watch wrestling
tv mostly . what do you do ?
sounds fancy . any cool perks ?
gave up on your dream ? how sad . . .
hi how are you doing tonight
i am doing good . i am retiring soon can not wait
i love to dance my mom was a dancer too so she made me learn young
wow that is what my mom danced
mac and cheese is great and quick to make
yeah i agree with you
i just dance and listen to music mostly ballet music
i would keep it long since you have nice curly hair
hi how are you today
very cool . do you like to run ?
me too ! i desire running . hobbies ?
do you like to watch sports ?
do you have any pets to pass the time ?
i have 3 animals , 2 cats plus dog
yeah 12 paws and only 2 hands ! !
hello how are you doing ?
i enjoy going to walmart
my daughter worked there and did not like it
i hate the song sweet home alabama
growing up in alabama i like country music
no they are into good old fashioned cooking meat and potatoes
i used to be . getting ready to watch game of thrones
yeah i do . the easter bunny hid behind my closet door
hey , do you know much about the keto diet ?
its okay . its helped me shed a few pounds .
yeah , its pretty cool . my dogs barely recognize me !
i have a pair of golden retrievers , and they are not nice to cats .
yeah , they are still there .
i work in the circus . i juggle .
hi , my name is john . how are you ?
i am actually cold ! do you not have a c ?
i do not have dogs , just horses . i do a lot of saddle riding .
never been to new mexico . i grew up on a cattle farm in rural kansas .
what about detroit ? that is where i do law enforcement work at .
never , but my three daughters really want to go .
i am . proud father of 3 , my wife and i scuba when the kids are away
i am sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?
hello , it is a beautiful day , how are you ?
that is nice , i love zebras , do you
do you ever go outside ?
are you pretty when you dance ?
what grade are you in ?
okay , but do you like anything else but yourself ?
that is sad , you are missing all the fun things
okay , well i have fun playing outside
hi how are you ?
good where do you live ? i live in colorado
that is cool i just got married
haha so true .
yeah living in colorado i like the outdoors
its nice . do you have a car ?
mines blue
a lot of things what about you ?
hi how are you doing
that is nice what do you grow
that is nice do you like to cook
i just took a trip to italy and have been experimenting with italian food
it was beautiful i want to go back
that is a great place to go too
i try and go somewhere once a year
have not decided yet probably somewhere with good food
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am currently overseas , i secretly love being deployed for a long time .
hm , are you afraid to die ?
i am not afraid of that
an army ranger right now
you are welcome my child .
my children do not know anything about them
hi how is it going ?
i am okay , just trying to get the tomatoes out of my salad
i do but i cannot stand tomatoes
what is your favorite kind of spicy food ?
that is horrible . my friend is also paralyzed .
he had a bike accident when he was a teen.
how are you doing today?
i am good just listening to music
i am listening to country music
that is cool i like bently gilbert
that is cool i love him
that is cool i really like his music it's good
no but i am a military brat my grandfather was in for 22 years dad 16 uncle
hi , i am jacob . i am a educated man
its nice to meet you . my dog is my best friend
i do . i also work at my local newspaper and take a lot of photos
that is awesome . i am involved in carnivorous
i do not know if I spelled that correctly
ll thanks . i am not the best speller
oh me too ! ! it is very important use it in my job everyday job
hello . i like tennis . what sports do you like to play ?
fun , what is your favorite tv show ?
nice . i am a baker by profession
i enjoy it , its nice to be around fresh baked food all day
me too . my favorite show is silicon valley
cool . my mom is a dentist
i do not have any kids
that is nice . dogs or cats or other ?
do you travel often ?
oh no . my parents were born in different countries so i have always done so .
what does your mother do for work ?
my father worked as an author , writing about his homeland of australia .
i have and too ireland where my mom was born .
how short are you ? cruel of someone to put it out of reach .
i am not that much taller and do not have that much trouble reaching things .
sounds like a very complicated situation .
hello , nice to meet you . what did you do this weekend ?
i have never been camping but am sure i could do it .
my sentiments exactly ! i cannot talk long , jimmy fallon is on soon i never miss a show !
have you heard anything about his parents ? i am a gossip hound . . .
interesting . . . is that related to your work ?
i will file you in my honorable patriotic friends folder then .
sounds great ! i will bring meals , snacks water depending on number of hours there .
do you say that because i am so organized ? lots of people notice that about me .
hi
i am good what are your hobbies
that is cool i love reading and listening to music
i really like mystery books what about you
what do you do for a living ?
i am currently working at a marketing agency
hey . what is going on ?
yeah ? what do you do for a living ?
i see . . . well , i am a soldier in the us military .
hence the fact that she survived .
my son also loves science .
you told me that . what is your favorite color ?
hi how are you today
i am doing great ! swimming is fun . sounds like you are having a good day
lol have they done anything funny today ?
no i do not have pets . what is your favorite color
i love blue almost everything i have is blue even my hair
you should try it once you only live once
i love tacos too . have you tried any of the new stuff at taco bell
lol where are you from ?
what did you do today ?
oh a gambler huh ? i am cooking shrimp now , how funny
i like simple stuff , but i support whatever you want to do . i would rather garden
why do you say that ?
sounds like he liked you !
i bet ! where do you live ? i am in a little city
i bet that gets you in trouble . do you have any kids ?
hi how are you doing
that is too bad i am sorry for your loss
do you like to walk outside it can be relaxing
oh no be careful i like to walk to the park in the summer
that is nice do you have a job
i see i used to teach first grade
yeah i loved it though and still keep in tough with some of them
yes they do it was a great career
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
i m good i am in texas
no , but i really enjoy social media .
it makes me angry when people do not like my media posts .
no , i like to post about food i cook
no , i just like to be on my computer .
i cook for social media so people can see my food
so where are you located at
hello , where are you ?
nice to hear from you , mary , do you ever leave colorado ?
interesting . i know nothing about pop music .
good luck with that . i do not know where you can do that .
that sounds nice , i will be on a trip .
i am going to see a home that my parents left to me .
no , i have never see it .
maybe you can come to see it . i do not know anything about it .
how are you doing today ?
just hanging out at home with my iguanas
i like iguanas , i wish i had dogs though . i would if i could afford them
i am between jobs at the moment . that sounds nice . how do you help people ?
that is nice . it must be nice being able to retire and do what you love .
i enjoy hanging out with my iguanas . i like to give them silly names
they are named spunky and sassy . no , they sleep in a tank
dogs are incredibly smart . i bet they could even learn to read
good evening . how are you doing
very well thank you . i just came in from work
i catch fish . i work for a tuna company .
that is what they tell me . are you a brain surgeon ?
that must be very interesting and also very intense .
i do not think i could have handled that much schooling
can i ask how much debt you are in from going to med school ?
i am confused as to what you just said .
i end up getting into fights when i do not want to
no kids . i do whatever it takes to make things happen in my life
oh cool . i would love to skydive . i have also driven a race car
oh cool , that sounds awesome
hey , are you mimicking me ?
oh ok , so that is awesome i use to drive one of those .
yeah well kids are expensive to care for that is why you need to be prepared
i guess , i guess it all depends on the person .
hi i am excited to say my wife breast cancer free for 3 years
yeah we all do . became a zookeeper with my wife at our own zoo .
really ? i train 20 different animals and it can be tough
well, I do that too from time to time when you are home all day
no they do not . they are real animals
i am a chinese take out kind of person .
mystery flavored cakes ? never heard of them .
hello . how are you today ?
it has been well . do you have a favorite sport ?
i like both baseball and football , but i like baseball more .
it is tough to have a favorite player , but i have a team ! do you ?
which team does he play for ?
i am . i was eating pizza while watching a game yesterday .
the washington nationals in their home stadium !
not yet . i cannot wait for it , though . how about you ?
hey ! i just got a new tattoo !
i am in the us . it is a pair of knitting needles !
that is amazing ! what sport did you compete in ?
oh my goodness ! that is a lot . the most i lift are shopping bags
i do enjoy it . it is my favorite thing to do . what about you ?
that makes sense . it takes a lot of devotion .
i go to the mall and shop and hang out a lot .
in a boring cubicle in an office . do you work too ?
hi ! how are you ?
great ! are you married ? any kids ?
ha my sons age ! what do you like doing outside of school ?
great ! do you have a favorite team ? do you think that is something you will pursue ?
you play soccer by yourself ?
even your parents do not play with you ? no other kids in the neighborhood ?
hello there how are you doing ?
glad to hear that . i am kris . what are you up to ?
i have not heard that since i was a kid . i am opening packages i got today .
nice i love getting packages in the mail . . . feels like christmas opening them up .
my daughter is a barbie fan . and , christmas is my favorite holiday
i am sure that she will get a few of them ;
hi . i want to leave this world
my best friends are my dogs
your dogs have 2 kids ?
oh . i like lasagna so much
i am garfield the cat
i just love my poster of niel tyson degrasse
i just love penn and teller
how are you doing today
i am great . i wish it were warm enough to fish .
yeah , it is sad . i should just hang out and listen to music .
i do sometimes . my wife likes to .
i do agree with that
how long have you two been together
the same . we met in the eighties .
same to you . what do you do for fun ?
hi ! how are you doing ?
it went well ! i got to play soccer with my 3 brothers
i am from california but i hope to move to london when i am older
cool ! i will go after i save up some money . i am currently an accountant for nike
oh hey ! you ever think about investing in stocks ?
same , i would like to invest in it one day though ! then retire in london
nope i do not . would not mind a dog to play soccer with though
hi , what is your favorite food ?
i love pizza , and winter , pizza in the winter is good , warm and good
nice , i also like rain and sleep in a single bed
do you like to hike in the rain ?
nice , do you live alone ?
never saw any of his videos
i believe you , maybe i ll check him out
hi . i am wearing lipstick and and shoes and both are red . you ?
cool ! wish i could yodel ! do you see a lot of red in nyc ?
what color is the car you drive ? mine is of course red !
can you wear red for nursing ? red is what i really like to wear .
i do not . but i like red drinks . do you carry a purse ?
does it help if you drink beer before you yodel ? i have a red purse !
well i think i will try that and pour it in my red cup .
i do . especially it has a red saddle . or maybe i can put red ribbons on it ?
hi how are you today
i am good is it cold
wow that is insane compared to here
i am from the usa i love sleep
what do you like to eat
what do you like to eat
yeah i do not like winter
wow potatoes are so tasty
hi there . how are you ? tell me about yourself
i am sorry to hear that . i am feeling down because i am having problems with my marriage
why do you lie ? is that why youre bullied ? what do you do for fun ?
i am into fast winter sports , especially skiing ! sounds like we both enjoy speed !
not much besides skiing . i eat a lot of junk food since my wife stopped caring
i am eating a lot of cheetos , which i like . i do not know , she just seems distant .
how about you , do you like anything besides fast cars ?
you mean go parachuting ? wow , that sounds more risky than i would like !
hey , hows it going dude ?
really good , just watching some hockey
yeah , i love hockey . watching sports is great but hockey is the best
i have . i did a yoga retreat in india . where have you traveled ?
ooh , japan sounds so nice . when i am a millionaire i will fly there on my private jet .
when i am a millionaire i will be able to afford 10 iphones . do you like apple ?
red is a nice color , its the color of my fave hockey team , the redwings , haha .
helo hows your day going
its ok , i lost a lot at the casino last night so i am kinda down
my moms a palm reader and she said i am destined to lose . dunno why i keep going
that is true . like my last boyfriend lol
i swear i think he was a vampire . i am convinced
i think i saw fangs growing , i know it sounds weird
yes and he just gave me a weird vibe , i dunno . I wish I could splurge on a luxurious meal at a fancy restaurant.
hey . how are you today ?
just getting out of bed . about to play this new video game .
pool nice and NFL game . parents want me out of the house to get a job .
tomorrow my birthday I'll be 33 . thinking about ordering pizza .
to take care of my parents and this NFL game is so good .
once you do I will buy it . just want to order a pizza .
rather just play the game and hope you see it one day.
hi there hows it going
aw dang . what did you do ? or what did you not dom
oh goodness sounds terrible . surfing is my life . no thug life here
you need to live near an ocean like me . its so relaxing . takes the stress away
yea we can watch sunsets . inhale brown curly hair you will see me chillin
what else do yiu have to worry about ? haunt matatua man fordeal
wow . lets have dinner together so we can talk about it . but no red meat
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing well . i am listening to music . i love all music .
i can understand that . i love going outside and walking by the lake .
i actually knit and sell my creations online . are you doing well in school ?
i love it . knitting and crocheting are my passions . do you have any passions ?
studying is good . do you want to be a chef someday ?
i drive a 98 jaguar xj8 . i love things like look old fashioned . you ?
are you okay after those crashes ?
hi there , how is your evening
you sound healthy . i do ballet and have to be healthy also
are you in school at all ?
oh ! i am in nursing school at the moment
after being an only child , its nice to get to help people and feel connected to people
we used to run a fruit stand at my all girls christian high school !
youre making me hungry . you ever attend church ?
my mother used to teach sunday school is all .
hi , how are you today
me too lol , do you like sports ?
that sounds interesting , i only watch games with friends
sounds like fun way to keep up with a bunch a teams at same time
is tony stark iron man or that famous skateboarder
no , i do not know much about comics . i did like wonder woman movie
our family and close friends like having sports parties with lots of food
its fun to have a theme , like old school jerseys
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thank you . gucci ?
what do you do for a living ?
i go to school full time
and you live on a farm ?
i have a dog as well
i have a shar pei
no look it up its a dog breed
hi there do you like Mexican food ?
that sounds like fun
that is almost as cool as me being a teacher
i am from New Hampshire
i am a dancer i love it
history books are my all-time favorite
i make hot dogs for a living .
burritos are my favorite too
hi there , i am bob .
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i do not really like humans .
i love red , reminds me of summer time
not really , i make hot dogs for a living .
i really like waffles too
burritos are my favorite too
i like walking on the beach .
hello , how are you doing ?
pretty good . studying for my philosophy test
i study philosophy , but not sure i want to stay with it
i love people and and the way we work . . so who knows
not married , but 2 kids . . how about you ?
nice ! my niece does that too
i really like concerts , so i would love a job doing that
do you want to help me redo my hair ? getting tired of the purple .
i do not like the winter . if i am being honest .
yes , we can pet some dogs too
that is when my mom passed away .
sing to me , what are you going to sing
rap if you are rapping about how much you love me
take a nap with the dogs
hello how are you doing today ?
i am wonderful just finish cooking breakfast for my son
i am about to take off to work for a few days
i played with barbies as a kid too
that is a classic . i am a nickelback fan
do you like fried chicken it is my favorite
i do not eat red meat as well
hi , 18 , football , long beard and a biker . you ?
get out ! yes ! best friend is merna jean . i love football . do you ?
great ! merna jean and i have long beards . you have a beard ?
i know ! i love bike riding . do you ? you like fish bait ?
i see . you married ? i was but not now . any children ?
awww . you like younger men ? chicken wings are our friends .
hmmm . i made a unicorn cry . you sing ?
my favorite food is hot dogs , i ate them in prison many times
37 years on the weekends i use the time to bird watch
pepsi is my favorite drink , besides absinthe
i am a librarian , i work in a library , i am all about da books !
hotdogs are the best , they are my favorite !
cool , bird watching is what i fill my weekends with
pepsi is just my favorite beverage , besides snake blood
my job is as a librarian , it is boring , i hate it
good morning , how are you today
ferraris ? i love ferraris ! i have lots of ferraris myself . i am very rich, but if I had chosen a different path, I might have become a professional race car driver.
i am , in fact . i used to own a large network of casinos
that is an interesting career choice . are you happy ?
that is awesome . i bet you cannot guess what i do for a living now .
no way . but if i did , i would be the best soda can salesman.
they should be , i hold the office of president.
only the greatest country in all of the world.
hello how are you doing on this wonderful morning ?
well i am single at the moment . busy with working at the beach . how about you ?
congratulations ! love always happens to everyone and they are so happy !
not much . wish i did more . i wish I could travel more like you. I do love being a lifeguard though . travel doing that .
yes . my friends love driving in my yellow convertible . i like driving it in the rain ,
does singing katy perry songs in the shower count ?
do you have any more interests beside art ?
hi friend . how are you ? where are you ?
cool . i travel too , love to hike and adventure out in the wild .
right on , been there . do you like music ? i am a camper .
cool . i am a nature lover , sky watcher . what hobbies do you have ?
good for you . life is too short . have some fun , get dirty .
i was there once . now i love my daughter , life is good
you should . time is fleeting .
before it is too late . go !
hi , my name is sharon ! what is your name
i live in the us home of the best pizza in the universe
you have music we have pizza !
vienna is an awesome city how long have you lived in vienna
is he from vienna ? or did he want to go there for professional reasons
i work at a medical clinic that works with transgender youth
lately we have been swamped we just opened a counseling department
hello how are you today
i am doing great now was a little stressed earlier
just things i have to get around the house
must be a busy task , do you find time for yourself ?
cool thinking of starting your own someday
i love fresh baked cookies and pies
yes we would until i eat all the cookies . . lol
i work children that is to say kindergarten teacher
hi ! i work at the zoo and have trained more than 20 types of animals !
my wife is a zookeeper as well with me .
yes we have a daughter who just graduated valedictorian from high school .
i love watching nature documentaries .
what is your favorite part ?
yes that is a very pleasant feeling .
what sort of things do you buy ?
haha that is the opposite of me . i just about never buy anything
hello . how are you doing today ?
cool . i am doing nothing . what is the novel about ?
my all time favorite musical group is creed . yes , i do
is it worth a lot ?
my dad is in prison , which makes me sad . i collect letters from him
no , ten more years actually
i do not know . i am on welfare by the way
it is tough that is for sure
talk fast how are you
just about to walk dogs
; ; like cats you have a car
well drive me around i got work to do
well cook for you my driver
faster and pasta is nice and i am a male
what you get from a male
hi there , how are you ?
wow , are you a mountain man ? i am sure my boys would love to hang out with you
i do . pretty cool for a mom eh ?
sure , a man of many talents . you ever read ? i love fantasy fiction
you should try it . how about swimming ?
haha , i do like swimming , but not sure i would swim for fish !
or i could buy one online . online shopping is the best
yes , especially since i left my job working for monsanto . so much time
hello there beautiful soul . what gets you up and out into nature every morning .
oh dear . if you are single like me , then how do you meet your soulmate ?
writing is good for the soul . you know what else is ? yoga .
yes ! i live , breathe , sleep and eat and poop yoga . i also teach classes !
my mother was a yoga teacher and my mothers mother and her mother
absolutely ! yoga is in my blood . so is salad . i love salad too much
but do you have a 10 pound bag of salad in your fridge ? thought so .
wow . . . really ? like actually ? because i am a fan too .
hello , how are you ?
my only son does not like veggies either .
i am in the army so i do not get family time often .
how old are you ? i am 25 . i like fords .
anything blue ! its my favorite color . i need something with a lot of space .
my favorite vehicle is any blue one . i do not have a favorite type
hey ! do you like call of duty ?
my older sisters and brothers hate them too
it is ok . sometimes i watch a late night game
congratulations ! as an athlete , can you eat fried chicken ?
i do . that and chocolate cake ! so good !
you just said that ! haha
are you ok ? what is going on ?
very true ! i should go to the gym
hi there how are you today ?
i am great , the beach sounds fun i do not go much
do you play any instruments ?
fair enough , i am trying the piano , what about pets ?
no i am allergic to cats unfortunately , do you enjoy movies ?
scary movies are my favourites
i like green the best , you ?
whats your hair cut like ?
hello , how are you doing ?
oh i love strawberries ? you have the day off ? i am at work right now .
righto . i work at a flower shop . i usually spend my breaks reading used books .
books about cats . i absolutely love cats , i have 3 myself .
wow , we have so much in common ! where do you live ?
New Jersey , temporarily in my parents' basement while my apartment is being renovated .
haha . i totally understand and yea i am sharing my mom's kitchen . i am vegetarian myself .
well i like strawberries but i do not have a favorite vegetable . what do you like ?
hi how are you today
that is cool i just got a honda civic
i like climbing rocks and walking on the beach
i mainly watch movies a movie i can watch a lot is django unchained
no i want one but do not have one yet
i really like seafood especially crabmeat
those are good too .
hi , i am a waitress . what do you do for a living ?
after working at the diner i can not stand the sight of food
cool . do you have kids ?
i have a daughter with long brown hair like me
i like that movie too . julia roberts was great
you have more than one phone ?
yeah i have the new iphone
what type of ebooks do you read ?
hey there ! how are you today ?
i am okay , i am spending the day with my wife and son .
i am a lawyer , what about you ?
i practice maritime law . did you go to college ?
it is never too late ! where did you go to college ?
that is cool , do you enjoy driving your car ?
will you drive me and my family to get pizza ? it is my favourite food !
awesome ! standford is my alma mater so i will put in a good word for you there .
hello how are you today
i am just gonna attend to the pigs on my farm
reading books is fun but i am highly allergic to them
wow sounds very old and dusty
oh well that is good . i live in a rural area and wish i was in the city
i do not like it out here
you should ! we can have tons of fun
if you come here there will be no hurting my animals !
hello , hows your day going ?
no , i do not . what did you have for breakfast today ?
omg , you are just like me . you on a plant based diet ?
wow , you are an only child , what does that feel like ?
that is cool , do you like yoga . i practice for it everyday
lol , people with green eyes are winners , but who knows if those are contacts
hello ! i work at walmart . what do you do ?
wow . i am leaving for college in 3 months .
i have , but muse is my favorite band !
no . although i am a vegan so i would enjoy foraging for plants .
what do your parents do ? my dad is a mechanic .
that is awesome ! what do you do ?
sounds fun . i am just a stocker at walmart until i leave .
hello , how are you this evening ?
i am a teacher too . what subject do you teach ?
i teach history , my kids and I volunteer with the red cross .
i have two boys , they are a handful
i imagine it is , I am divorced .
it is okay , they were very young , this is all they know .
i do the same . kids are stronger than we give them credit for .
my boys do not miss their father , he does not come around
my snake tried to get out of his cage . hi how are you ?
that is cool . i like long hair . i had to tighten the lid so he cant get out
i have filmed him a few times . you can film me skydive from a plane .
i have to skydive at least once before i die . do not run in traffic at night .
i love spicy and ethnic foods , indian , italian etc .
i can film your long hair flowing in the wind if you skydive with me .
ok be there in a minute . i am hungry now . what kind of food do you like ?
only asian ? i just said it , indian , italian . just do not eat snake meat .
i will try it once if i am in one of those countries
well sure lets just run to walmart and pickup snake . where do you get it ?
hi . how did you sleep last night ?
it was ok , quite bizarre can you believe i dreamed i married . please !
heck no man ! i do not see the point of one partner .
have you ever heard of the band the muggers .
only my favorite band , that is all i can tell you though lol
i actually know the chain smokers . they are pretty good .
do you earn an income ?
hello i was just listening to kid rock
wow that is interesting . i am getting my masters in music so i am busy too
i play all instruments and teach . i am a music loving girl
wow are you a military brat ?
i like to travel and see the purple flower fields
i took rotc studies in college
hello there ! what are your hobbies ?
reading is my favorite thing to do
those all sound like so much fun !
awesome ! i like to spend time with my family
it is still pretty cool that you were smart enough to apply
yes , i do . her name is emily
how often can you reapply ?
hello . just finishing a documentary on zebras . what are you doing ?
cool . i wrote a piece about an escaped snake once .
i have never written for one of those , yet . what is your favorite ?
i tried that . . it is hard to give up all the other foods
i get that . i can not have dairy . what is your allergy to ?
i am glad it is just dairy for me . say more ?
stan lee does a good business signing things does he not
does you have his autograph in your collection ?
hey there ! how are you doing ?
i am great . just got my 2 kiddos in bed . now time to relax .
that is nice . i am a teacher . i love it . what do you do ?
awesome . my son has autism and is very interested in learning different languages .
that is so wonderful i have two dogs , they are like my babies .
do you have any pets ?
aww . they are great companions . well i need to go . bye .
hi there . how are you ?
happy saturday to you . i am about to eat a steak .
what do you do for a living ?
2 was my favorite . i repair computers .
yes , nerds are the best !
i have one dog name snickers .
no way . i work at apple !
i do . i have been there four years . discounted computers !
hello ! how are you doing today ?
what are you doing this weekend ?
that sounds fun . is it for family ?
what do you do for work ?
i work in a factory . it is exhausting .
i am playing guitar with my kids this weekend .
what kind to you like most ?
hi , how are you today ?
oh that does not sound too good !
that is always a plus . i find that i like to spend time alone
make up can be fun . i really enjoy sewing
i work in a cafe waiting tables so am always on my feet
do you have any pets ? i like cats
what makes you say that ?
what do you do for work ?
hi how are you today
i am sorry you're having a bad day, it is Monday after all .
aw i am sorry thank you for your service
that is understandable hope it gets better for you
that is horrible . do you like going to the gym
that is great i love the gym i am trying to lose some weight
the hard part is the diet i love candy so much
i will try that i do have 2 dogs i can take with me
it does seem like a fun thing to do i know my lizard would not survive it
i do not want to lose her .
omg ! that is horrible i love animals too much for that
that is very true . well i have to go it was nice talking to you
hey , just got back to shore , what are you up to ?
oh how exciting ! i love those sorts of events . is wine tasting your hobby ?
well boating is definitely my favorite hobby , but all vacation activities are fun for me .
i do not have any kids , that money went towards my house instead
oh i think so , it is very large too
i live alone , being on call for the hospital all the time makes it hard to date
i work as a doctor , what is your profession ?
does your husband ever take your family on vacations ?
my new boyfriend bought me tickets to the best art museums .
the best art museums in the country with some tech displays . cool right ?
i have never tried diving but it sounds like fun . are you hungry ?
i hope you do not eat your pets . there is a good vegan section in the cafeteria .
i have some tall class mates in my early childhood development courses .
i believe life does last forever . i cannot teach that in kindergarten but i believe it .
technology is the blueprint of everlasting life , the proof that life goes on forever .
would you like to come to the museum with me ?
hello care to chat with a professional skittles player ?
old game like bowling . i am know as the iron skittler . should look me up .
it was created a long time ago . teenager ? must love to eat candy ?
nice ! wish you the best . i personally have never ate a piece of candy .
really . i guess i never got to have any as a kid or something weird like that .
a little baseball . i watch a lot of anime but no computer games .
nice . which types do you like to play ?
awesome . i guess its not my forte . baseball is though .
hi , how are you today ?
good thank you . i just got back from the gym .
it helps if you work out to music . i prefer christian electronic as my jam .
i actually like going to church . seeing people pray makes me hopeful .
you should . i guess people get annoyed that i worry about the less fortunate .
yes ! i try to be nice to everyone , even people that are mean to me .
your not close with them ?
hey how is your evening going ? i just got done working at mcdonald .
its only my second week , so i am still training .
yes ! 3 of my 4 siblings work there , so i know a lot of people .
most of the time we do . unless were fighting over the car .
yes its a small blue honda civic , lots of miles , but gets us around .
i should go and study . i am not doing well in my women studies class .
thank . enjoy the rest of your evening .
hi , how are you today
how many do you have
i do not but i want a pig
i do not dance very often
what color do you want
yeah i got all the moves
what do you like to eat
hi there ! how are you ?
oh that is fun ! i just finished helping grandma with her jewelry .
i am in my schools chorus , oh and i attend a karate class .
oh wow ! that sounds a whole lot more fun then going mushroom hunting with my paps .
is your dad still around ? i live with my grandparents .
well that is good . well not the busy part anyway .
i am in my last year of high school .
hello , i have a hike to attend in a few , how are you ?
do you have any siblings ?
yes , i have 3 older , 2 brothers one sister .
it is . did you graduate ?
indeed . i am disabled . so i got special treatment .
my arm was severed from a car accident when i was 7
trouble , but not impossible .
hi there , i am bob .
are you a vegan like me ?
yes do you like art ?
i am some what educated
yeah i want to learn new things
right , just keep trying i guess
to be awesome above all things
i do not want to take over the whole world , just a small part of it
what are you up to tonight ?
great . listening to some lindsey stirling . she is out of this world
she plays the violin . she is talented and gorgeous
you should listen to her . do you like any foods ?
i am a huge lover of meatloaf , and coffee but only with alcohol in it
nothing of any importance . what about you ?
oh are you any good at it ?
do you smoke cigarettes ? i do when i am stressed
hello i am troy i fly for a living
yes i am my dad is a pilot in the military to
that is really cool do you have any phobias ? spiders terrify me
same here . do you have any pets ? i have dogs
i have two right now they can be a handful
beagles what kind is yours ?
oh yea those are pretty powerful a friend of mine has one
lol cute mine are always full of energy
hello there how are you doing today ?
oh cool i love costco i go there to get cakes i really enjoy a good cake
i will have to look him up later . my niece and nephew may know him .
amazing i watch clouds all day . i am about to finish my degree for meteorology .
oh i need a bit more than look on . have any family ? i have a sister
i am sorry to hear that . i am also struggling here watching my parents in their last moments .
i hope you find something worthwhile soon . i know its hard
hi there ! how has your weekend been going ?
i have been reading and doing a bit of shopping on amazon .
oh wow ! tell me more . why red ?
that is great ! i actually am out of work . i quit from monsanto .
it just felt wrong to be there , and i wanted time with my kids .
i love the beach . i am near sacramento .
i love beachcombing and the peaceful sound .
hello ! where are you from ?
ahhh i remember those days , i am good though , stressing over work though
oh nice , that must be really cool in new york !
do you have a job ?
gotcha gotcha , taking lots of student loans ?
oh well i used to like blue but find myself liking red better now
hello ! have you seen any good musicals lately ?
i am good . wondering if you have seen any good musicals
yes ! i love musicals . hamilton is the best !
it is the best ! just give me a burger and hamilton and i am happy
not unless it is a mexican burger ! do you ?
what do you do for work ? i am an accountant
do you play tennis when you travel ? it is my favorite
skiing is cool . i have red skis . my favorite color
hi and how are you doing ?
great ! it helps that i eat a good breakfast bacon and eggs
i am more of a down home gal , but do like sriracha sauce on eggs
its not on the plate long enough . do you ?
so you are a budding photographer ! that is wonderful .
not for me . i work in the farm fields all day .
hi , how are you ? tell me something about yourself !
yes , i have a business that repairs clocks . what kind of food do you like ?
Manhattan sounds great ! i have a timeshare in Mexico , but otherwise i do not get out much .
i like to watch TV . my favorite show is Friends ! do you have any pets ?
i have a cat named Sushi i named him after my favorite food , ha ha .
small . i am an only child , and i do not have kids yet . what about you ?
hi what do you do for fun ?
well i like going to watch scary movies and i love reading
wow ! was that what you always wanted to do ?
it is good to know there are good people out there !
how many kids do you have ?
are you a religious person ?
i am not militant or anything but yes i enjoy church .
how are doing this evening ?
great . i am hanging with my best pal , patches the dog .
he sometimes helps me hunt leprechauns .
sometimes we try to track leprechauns .
after a long day working as an accountant it is great to have a friendly bark .
are you a baker by profession ?
sounds hectic . i am glad i just have the one job .
if i were late for work , my black and curly head of hair would explode .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i love brownies and scary movies . do you ?
oh wow . thank you for your service . how long have you served ?
which was your favorite country to visit ?
lol i am allergic to pet dander . did you see any koalas ?
kittens are cute they have short hair like me . do you play any instruments ?
i am learning piano . bugs bunny had an exploding piano ! lol
he was hilarious . yosemite sam was funny too.
hey how are ya ? doing ok today ? i am traveling to barbados right now .
i am very happy . exercise and fitness is what makes me happy .
i love the mutineers . what do you do for a living ?
i am a flight attendant . but i help put my parents with their business as well
they own a nail salon . free manicures for me !
sometimes a little uncomfortable . what kind of music do you sing ?
i sing sometimes too . i used to do a lot of musical theatre .
thank you ! what do you like reading ?
hello i am a mother of five kids and 4 cats
i like dogs but just love to hear cats purr
well i could crocheting you a thing to cover your toe .
i like to crochet hats for the kids and collars for cats . nd
no green eggs remind you off grass
if you ever take your dogs they will do a cute dog paddle swim .
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
i am okay . going through a difficult time , but i am managing .
i am from grand rapids , michigan . i hear seattle is windy .
i work indoors , too . i work at a library . bookworm .
fried chicken , dark meat ! what is yours ?
seven years . i love it . do you have children ?
maybe in the future ? i do not have kids yet , either .
hey i do not have long to chat . how are you ?
what are you up to today ?
nice ! you should take pictures of shelter dogs and help them get adopted !
me too . animals like me and i like them . i am in medical school though
i am waiting for class to start . i get here too quick but there is no real time
for sure . i volunteer with the shelter in my spare time .
what is wrong with her
sorry to hear that . that is sad .
hi there ! tell me about yourself
that is pretty cool . i am an older woman , who knows how to make a mean stew
i could make you a meat free stew !
if it has cheese in it ! cheese is the bomb .
oh yeah . cheese plate frank sinatra playing , and watching spongebob on mute , perfect
well , you gotta try it high or its not worth it . but yeah
i like to make people smile , and that is why people think i am crazy
hi bryan , do you also like filming ? i am crazy about it
yeah , that is a funny thought . . . you think i am lying ? i am bad at it
just do not make me watch films that is related with death , do not want to think about it
sorry to heard that . . . i hope i can make you smile , that is my hobby
oh . . . . do not scare me with your ideas . . .
i try not to think this way , unless you are stephen king
good morning how are you ?
right lol , i love the fall my fav color is green .
really why ? like any games ?
like any parks ? i like national parks
i need to get my dogs together .
i would if they had leashes
yes i do my little dog is so small tho
lol why she is so cute tho
why do people make or join gangs of robbers ?
you mean talks about gangs are fairy tales ?
the talks about them give me enthusiasm to join them .
so is it life risking to join them ?
i have no family , hate my life that is why i want to end in a gang .
i think the world has been cruel and unfair to me .
hi , my name is john . i teach art at a middle school .
i am playing pool right now . i am excellent at it .
i have my own . i have a huge unicorn next to it . i love them .
no . my gameroom has an egyptian theme . i would love to see a pyramid .
see pyramids and write a book are on my bucket list .
what makes you afraid of that ?
well have a good one . bye .
actually i think we should chat just a little longer
hello , i m a female . what are you ?
no pets yet , but i do have a master s degree which explains a lot .
i am violin concertist although kid rock is my fave singer . also i love to swim .
very , but swimming helps me to balance out . what s your fave color ?
i prefer purple but am flexible depending on my moods . do you swim ?
i do ! i ve been learning magic since as a kid , the same time i began swimming .
i saw some guy in vegas that i loved but cannot remember his name ajaja
how are you doing today ?
good , i am good . what do you plan on eating for dinner ?
that is fun too i guess . my weaknesses are sweets .
i prefer ice cream or frozen yogurt .
recess are good . i am sure it's good in protein also .
sound good . when i am feeling unsocial i usually go there .
that is good , i usually take my phone .
definitely do not want to hit anyone on the way there .
hi there , how are you ?
tell me about yourself . what do you do ?
that is what i like to hear . how about reading ?
you sound like my kind of person . i will not even own a tv . too much to do
i am now single after my girlfriend broke up with me
thank you . i teach art at the school . maybe i will meet someone there
hopefully the one I meet loves to read too and will not take me for pizza, so gross
thank you . i am going to need it !
hello , my name is katie . what is your name ?
nice to meet you , sam . what are you up to today ?
that stinks . divorce is one of the reasons i refuse to commit to just one person .
i cannot imagine what you must be feeling . maybe our talk can take your mind off it ?
i do not have children either . i am too busy surfing to focus on a family .
may i inquire as to what you are so busy with ?
what do you do for work ? is it something library related ?
cool , dude . i do not know if i could do that .
hello ! what is going on ?
cool , what kind of dogs do you have ?
lol i love dogs too . i have some for duck hunting
it is my favorite time of year ! what do you like to do ?
that sounds fun . my goal is to fly in an airplane
i would love to visit australia
i live on the family farm so i got lucky with bills
pull up a seat sit on the floor while we get acquainted stranger !
blue is a bit more masculine than my life partner likes .
we just bought a house in portland . our old place was too small to brew beer in .
i also roast my own coffee , so feel free to stop by if you're in portland !
be warned though , we are as gay as we are happy to have you !
you are welcome anytime ! do you have a significant other ?
everybody needs somebody to love !
hi . how are you doing this evening ?
enjoying the cooler weather tonight . what are you doing ?
that sounds pretty good . what kind of music do you like ?
a little of everything . i sing in a barbershop quartet , but i also rap .
here and there as a handyman . do you work in a doctors office ?
that is so great . i do not know if i could work with sick kids
it sounds like it . whats the best part ?
i would bet that is a lot like watching your favorite team win the playoffs
hi , how are you today ?
i am doing great . i just got home from the bookstore , where i work .
wow that must be nice ! my mom works at a hospital as a nurse .
i am 24 years old . how about you ?
i walk to the bookstore since i have no car . do you have a car ?
i like to walk or ride my bike rather than drive .
is having two young children quite a handful ?
that is great ! i wish one day i can have kids as well .
hi ! how is your weekend ?
its been ok , a little lonely since my bestie moved away .
not really just hung around the house . this summer was fun though . i visited japan .
no , have you traveled anywhere ?
understandable . i start school next week . i will be a high school senior this year .
i cannot wait to graduate ! i want to be a painter like my mom ! If I had more free time, I would take up painting as a hobby.
hello , how are you doing ?
that is good . i am doing great ! just about to go for a bike ride .
www , sounds fun . i have a little girl too , she is 16 months .
i actually play guitar in a band ! we do weddings and local events , you ?
oh wow , that must be a challenging but rewarding job .
i am not married but i do have a boyfriend . you ?
hello . my name is jenny . how are you ?
i am great . i just came back from a nice walk in the park .
haha . so i guess no goodwill shopping for you ?
i live in california , yet i am on budget . student here .
i love the california nature and being outdoors .
yes i guess so . goodwill is my thrill shopping
i like the excitement of finding some expensive brand . it is my gold .
hi there . how are you ?
i am good . just got done painting a picture . I wish I could paint beautiful landscapes like you do.
i do it for fun . i would love to do it for a living though .
oh cool . i enjoy driving four wheel drives .
what is your favorite color ?
cool ! so is mine. i like green too .
i just watch them . what about you ?
do you own a house ?
hey , how is it going ?
good , just watching game of thrones .
i like it because they never play sweet home alabama .
i just hate it . maybe because i am from there .
no , is that your favorite ?
maybe i will . are you old ?
do you want to be friends ?
hello how are you today
i am good i love music do you
that is a cool story i would have loved to have gone
i bet it was it would have been cool
i was in the navy so i have none
yes i do nut i love carving wood
it is very fun and soothing
hello how are you ? i just came in from my shift
yes i am a nurse , what do you do for a living ?
wow that sounds great what do you do in your free time ?
that is good i like to read in my free time
i do not really have a favorite i like business books
no i just like to read them for fun
no not really i love watching movies
have you ever met a palm reader ?
my mother is one but i think it is all lame .
i have never been there .
i live in new orleans .
right now i am writing about vampires .
i think the characters are all annoying .
i have never had sushi .
i love eating shrimp . my favorite is shrimp alfredo or scampi .
hi , how are you doing today ?
tending my bar and smoking my pipe . what about you , do you have any hobbies ?
that is nice , are you married ?
that is amazing , a mountain climber . i , myself , have been married five times . have you won any competitions ?
i have only won a spelling bee in third grade .
what else are you good at or accomplished ?
hi , how is it going ? i am frank ! hope all is well with you .
you are from japan ! that is awesome ! always wanted to visit there .
oh , i will be traveling to canada but that seems kind of small compared to you
that is great ! i work at a grocery store as a manager .
let me guess bagger ? that is where I started out .
well , mine put me in the back after that , moving stuff around .
how old fashioned . lol . so , how did you get into programming ?
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
must be nice , my back was hurting too bad for me to stay in bed .
are you an animal activist ?
something needs to be done , congress is not working for us .
that is horrible . i am fighting for animal rights .
pearl jam is great , i prefer the chili peppers .
metallica is awesome too , so is tupac
my kids both love metallica , they are 14 16 .
hi how is your day
that sounds good . i am going to play with my cat
www mine loves playing with a laser
roses are pretty i may knit something by my window
i like the weather here too great for shopping not too hot and not too cold
me either . what do you do for a living
swimming is fun to do you must be very good at it . i am a secretary .
hello !
how are you ?
good , thanks ! just got back from walking my pug named corky
that is cool ! what are their names ?
aw , that is adorable
not much . i like to go on dates , but my fave place is the mall
oh ! i work at a pet daycare . you ?
nice ! i am a freshman in college
hello how are you today ?
i just dropped out of college
yeah an my car is older than i am
mom taught music , maybe I can help her, I wish I had pursued a career in writing instead of music.
only on the weekends
sure i would hate to be illiterate
i think that is over rated
sure i guess it is
hi , i love to perform physical activities . i run and swim quickly !
can your parrot sing ? i can sing for you .
i have a singing trophy i won when i was 6 , 7 , and 8 years old .
i live near the beach because i love to swim !
sounds fun ! do you have any hobbies ?
that is a cool talent ! i have a cooking trophy .
thank you ! it is all from my childhood .
i am sorry to hear about that . at least you can cook and i can sing !
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
i used to live in seattle for a while
i have kids and family
i love photography too . . its interesting
yaa . . a lot . . i love to go into nature
i am not going to college now . .
i and of liked it . . but not now
i like fusion . . i am a good cook
hai , do you have dogs , i like to spend time with dogs
i am trying to acting . you know any director
its very good to hear , can you give the chance after you degree
very bad , its okay , take care of your self
okay , sorry for over talk , i am not good communicator
thank you for your encourage , but i know my communication is bad
thank you , but i dance well you know
hello , how are you doing
i am watching youtube . hey , why do not find something to do
where are you going
speaking of food , i have not eaten lunch yet . too lazy to get up in bed
so you like Thai food ?
gaming videos , do you play video games
we should play together next time
hello there . how are you ?
good , thanks . hiking is one of my hobbies . what are yours ?
i do enjoy farming as well .
i recently lost my arm in an accident .
me , it is what it is .
went in to a ditch on a snowy night .
no , thankfully i was alone .
hi , do you like being barefoot like me ?
i am doing great as an english tutor
do not be afraid , i will knit something for you
i want to play the guitar like my sister does
not long , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
that is absolutely great just fantastic
only when i am owed money
all of these kids are driving me crazy !
my class sizes are 20 25
what does she not get ?
me too . i have been eating so much lately
me as well , but sometimes i cannot help it
i really just want to look good in public
what kind of surgery are you getting ?
good morning . care for a chat with a second year medical student ?
me too but not more than my moms baking . she is the best baker .
well i cannot help you there . i seem to get to class early .
i am in college in louisiana . being hindu i am trying to get use to louisiana .
that is so nice . in mine i watch old movies .
that sucks . but its better than being late .
so do you want to be a comedian in the future ?
hello , i would die without my phone
my name is proper english
my best friend is my mother .
is she the hot one ?
i drink with friends occasionally .
do you like rock and roll , it is my favorite .
i go to weekly book clubs and talk about poop
good afternoon , how are you today
it is lunch time . . . . . do you like dogs ?
pasta is great ! i am really into dogs i am a huge fan
awesome ! do they have dogs in italy ?
my mom is super allergic to them so i cant bring them there
i am vets assistant and i love it hbu ?
exercise is great , i do that with my dogs
hey how are you doing today ?
my name is miguel . i just came to usa with my mom . she is a janitor
are your parents dead ? that is where you start if you want to be batman
i am a college age student . i go to college . do you play videogames ?
not so much comics as cartoons . very big into cartoons . do you like them ?
my mom is a super janitor .
she should . she is not a very attractive woman
miguel . i think i told you already . what about you ?
hello . what are you doing ?
i am also into linguistics . right now i am shopping for components for a new computer .
gpus . i do not know . i build my own .
i just kind of figured it out . i worked on cars for several years .
hausa ? a new market ? i am interested . never heard of it .
emerging markets ? that can be a very lucrative and rewarding experience . interesting .
ha ! you must be pretty intelligent .
hi how are you doing
i like to build things .
that is how a lot of my army buds are
i used to be in the military
it was nice and kept me occupied .
i like to drive around and be outside .
i build houses and garages
my age is 29 , from boston live in the suburbs and you ?
you mean autumn ? do you like pearl jam from the 90s ?
i see , its hot there ? do you like hiking and biking that is what i enjoy .
that is nice , how often do you ride your bike ?
how often do you go on your fishing trip ? what type of fish is in texas ?
do you believe in the star for the tree ?
you talking about the car or bike the impala ?
hey how are you today ?
i am great , just got back from a bike ride , love it , you ?
i do not but he is not very popular here in texas , do you ride horses ?
i have 3 myself , do you like tattoos ?
i kind of want to get a rose tattoo , it is my favorite flower .
it would be for my mom ! what are you up to ?
i work as a teacher , following in my moms footsteps .
hello , how are you this evening ?
doing ok , just got done eating supper
i had some enchiladas from a local mexican restaurant . i eat out a lot
yea , i find that most of my day is gone between work and commuting
i work in an office for a bank
it is a nice job , do you enjoy teaching ?
do you have any hobbies ? although i am sure teacher work takes up a lot of time
hey hows it going today ?
really i am scheduled to get one next week
really what class i teach japanese and foreign art class
i moved over here ten years ago to teach at a local high school
sounds fun wish i could go on vacation
yeah use to love to party i think a little to much
yeah , i have a dog that i cant leave all night
lab , his name is won won
good morning and hello there
do you like the ballet ? i dance there
that is nice what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i just signed up for nursing school
right can not make it in this world if you are illiterate
i just want to sleep
i went to christian school , all female
hi how are you today
i work for hallmark cards yeah
i have to proof read for them
i do not work really and you
nice you proofread me pretty well
i like nachos do you
oh you are a vegetarian then
yeah you do not eat animal products
so , star wars is the greatest movie of all time . its my favorite .
that is awesome ! my iguana is named boba fett !
oh i love that name ! super cute ! do you like video games ?
why used books ? i play so many star wars video games .
oh , why not the library then ?
i am employed at mcdonald ! food is good .
personal reasons ? or you just do not like meat ? french fries are a veggie
hi there ! what do you do for work ?
i am a banker . do you like your job ?
do you have the summers off ?
that is pretty cool . i like to eat at different restaurants every weekend .
are you married or single ?
i am single too . i work 40 hrs and have a hard time meeting people
hey there how are you this evening ?
i have been up all hours of the night just writing .
awesome ! did you buy or rent ? facetime me let me see it !
i am writing a book , have a bbq an invite me !
awesome ! my desk i wrote is a sleek black desk its my fav color
awww a cook book ! nice hold the pickles on my burger an i am there !
yes it is , any favorite tv shows ? mine is rick an morty .
not to me lol they are nasty .
hi , how is day going ?
i like raw onion , and vegetables
what is your hobbies and your favorite games
playing football , cooking , travelling and sleeping
no , what is your hair color ?
just like , i have vegetables garden , you ?
well , what is your qualification ?
hey . how are you doing ?
not bad thanks . i am just eating desert .
chocolate cake . i love it . earlier i ate my favorite dinner , a nice steak .
what a nice victory dinner !
are you violent ? are you a bully ? i was always kinda need in school . very smart
well , you cannot always have what you want . i wanted green eyes . i have blue .
you are very slow at typing .
i like to be smart . i am very smart . you ?
hi , what are you doing ?
playing with my dogs . i really want to be a veterinarian .
cool . do you okay any sports ?
i am only 15 years old . my biggest worry is keeping my grades good .
only when i am playing soccer or field hockey
you should join a gym
wow . you should have a friend come over and work out with you
hi how are you doing ?
i am cooking some foods ethnic , do you know ethnic ?
distributor of beer ? my family is from greece that s why
and that s where i got my curly hair too . drawing is my pastime
my genes seems to show those characteristics tall and curly
i sometime tried to draw celebrities like her
i used various kinds of materials
like manual and computerized . my favorite is charcoal
hello , do you like dogs
do you have fish at home ?
i like fishing but i do get sick when i get on the boat
no i do not . my parents divorced .
that is wonderful . my mom is my best friend .
she watches my kids most of the time .
i envy you for having a dad who knows how to cook .
that is awesome . it was nice talking to you .
hey . hows your week been ?
not bad , just watched the game . steelers won . you like football ?
interesting . my co always had a lot to say about general lees tactics .
i could never live too far north , its too cold to go camping often
cool ! where have you traveled ?
never been there , but i have been to most of the states as a truck driver
its not too bad for me . what do you do for a living ?
hi , i am a florist , living in my parents basement , vegetarian , cat lover.
nope just a little about me . i enjoy getting to know others .
what kind of books do you like to read . i am not really a reader .
mostly work at the flower shop , but in my spare time listen to music .
country mostly , but i have a wide range of genre i like . do you work
any hobbies ? or fav . foods ?
lol i do not like meat so i am good with cheese pizza
i was raised vegetarian so guess i really never got to know meat .
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well do you have siblings ?
i am an only child , so same . hobbies ?
i love going to foreign places
i love to dance i would love to do that as a job . you ?
do you ever dye your hair ?
very nice . what colors do you do ?
care to chat with an athlete , who wants to be an explorer ?
i would love to . do you have a fav color ? mine is blue .
do you travel ? i travel to india often ; well , most of the time .
pets ? i do not have any . boo hoo
wow , c for cow , would your dog be called ? ? ?
i had a dog that looked like a calf .
had to get rid of her , bc she kept chewing on everything
it was a great dane , so yes , size of calf . . .
hello how are you today ?
i would love to see her in spain , i am fine .
no , nyc but i would like to visit .
i teach and watch netflix .
i have a best friend
i make hot dogs for a living .
i like walking on the beach .
what is your favorite fruit ?
hi , want to cook me some food ?
italian is my favorite . can you do that ?
i love spaghetti . i want that
that is fine . can we listen to music ?
iron maiden mostly if i am being real
do you want to watch some movies with me ?
hmm . whatever i think looks good at the time
hello ! how is your face today ?
just listening to music , charlie daniels is my ish
nope , i do not mind the devils lettuce as well , but wife limits my smoking
cool , i love drinking pot , usually when i fish
gotcha , yeah just love drinking pot , sometimes i inject it , just whatever
yeah , right ? sometimes i heat it up with a spoon , just depends on the weather
well mister dragon , i am pretty sure i am on the weed
mister poopy b hole ? is that you ?
hi , how are you ? what do you do for work ?
good to hear . i am a nurse .
yeah it is quite busy . i have both a personal and work phone
agreed ! makes it hard to keep a balanced lifestyle .
no , just me . how about you ?
i love cats ! i should get one !
with my work schedule though i would feel bad leaving it alone constantly
hello , my name is john and i have 3 children
awesome , my son is 5 and my daughter is 10
my other daughter is 3 . she keeps me busy also .
that is awesome . a bakery . good for you .
optimism is the way to be . music is one way that keeps me optimistic
i love playing the guitar . its more of a hobby . i love playing rolling stones songs
its quite easy , once u get the hang of it .
hello just got done watching the godfather good movie
yes ! i sat and ate a bunch of candy and soda whole watching the movie
well i am struggling as i weigh 300 pounds and cannot get around
trying to i am just that healthy and it makes it hard, if I could, I would love to have a cat as a pet.
that would be a good start . i have a cat
had not thought of that , thanks for the idea
yeah i have a kindle and enjoy reading
hello how are you tonight ?
just reading a history book i find it amazing
revolutionary war . do you like the theatre ? i am in some plays
do you like animals ? i always wanted to be a vet
are you married ? i am getting married in december
thank you . it sounds like you have a busy life
i never really thought about it but i have a lot going on
oh what are you going to do there
hi how are you today
i am doing okay i have to tend the farm in a little bit
i do not drive anymore i had an accident a year ago
i am glad you got passed the test
no i cant fit those
i hike in my free time i cant travel because i have the farm
maybe one of your friends will go with you
i hope you can go too .
hi ! how are you doing ?
nice , i have 2 kids who enjoy entering spelling bees too
my favorite thing to do is help people . it makes me happy
wow nice , i got a nursing degree to help people
my husband could help you put it out if you needed , he is a firefighter haha
eggplant does sound delicious . i will try making that for my 2 kids one day
hi how are you . all good ?
yea i am having fun with drums
oh no . yes it sure is .
me too . but not as much as biking
blood sugar . i have to measure it everyday
sounds very sweet . i love soft drinks too
i do not eat much . maybe milk
hello , i am playing with gila , my lizard . what are you up to ?
is that where you are from ?
i do not have kids . i am also an only child .
i just have my lizard and my plants
it is nice . all of my flowers are purple , my favorite color .
maybe i should get a cat
cool . what color are your eyes ?
you can tell a lot about a person from their eyes . mine are brown .
hello what are you up to ?
it really is . i took a break from playing warfare to sit outside for a bit .
its nice to sleep in . i usually do that on sundays .
i do not care for stews . I wish I could enjoy Italian food like you do. I blame my Italian boyfriend lol
that is funny cause veggies have never really been my thing .
man i wish i was you lol . you sound easy
achoo excuse me , achoo achoo
sorry i have a lot of allergies
my mom got me a piglet after my dad died when i was in high school
she retired but she still supports my work in commercial ads . what do you do ?
what grade do you teach ?
sounds like your interests align with your parents !
hello , how are you tonight ?
tired , long day at work . the panda was misbehaving .
i work at the zoo , i lost two toes to the tigers .
i have an omelet for breakfast each morning , i use 6 eggs .
are those any good ? i love to read .
i do not party , my friends and i have a crime novel book club .
i would be happy to send you a list if you would like .
do you teach high school or college ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just layin gon the couch watching tv
do you have a job
that is pretty impressive i do not work but i am fine for now
i like the walking dead i am not really a movie person
what kind of food do you like
hi names jane , and am a wife , married for 35 years to a wonderful man ! !
i have my own little marketing consulting firm
what happened ? listening to radiohead . . . love the band
me too ! ! i am feeling sore
that seems like a good plan . i am doing my best to find work again .
i understand . i am looking for part-time work
i am a pizza chick and buffalo wings
i love winter time . what about you ?
i love going out to vegetarian restaurants because i do not eat bread .
i have not read harry potter . i love vegetarian lasagna . yum !
i totally agree white sauce all the way .
i love nature . anything outside in the winter . you ?
maybe you need some vitamins . vitamin c is my fav when i am sick
i see . what is the craziest thing you ever done ?
i let my friend buy me a car once when he lost a bet !
hey how is it going ?
o no i never quite figured it out .
i love to garden when i have the time
damn son how far north do you live ?
what a coincidence i live up in anchorage
so many , excellent fishing up here , especially if you drive just a bit
you have to go a little further north from here to get in some good ice fishing
i am sure there are i have not really looked into it
hi ! where are you from ?
i am from pennsylvania . what do you do ?
i am a musician , but do accounting to make money .
i play electric violin . i also have a pond with a pet koi .
almost ? do you have any other hobbies ? i used to live in oregon .
corvallis . you ? i love central oregon the painted hills
the coast is beautiful . i have been trying to learn how to garden recently .
have you been to cannon beach ?
northern oregon I think . how long have you lived there ?
hello how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing alright , getting kind of tired but its my weekend now .
i might hang out with some friends or maybe a movie , or just be lazy haha .
i love horror thriller movies . with paranormal or mystery . you ?
i enjoy the conjuring series , but also classics like texas chainsaw and friday the 13th .
tv shows i like walking dead , crime shows documentaries , friends , game of thrones , bates motel and more haha
i know , cannot believe it is ending !
hi how are you tonight ?
same here on hulu . trying not to eat everything haha
omg i literally am watching that at this moment
actually , i am all caught up in the current season
i love animals . i am a dog walker now hope to be a veterinarian someday
cool . i wish i could get one my ponies of my binder will have to do
yep ! one day i going to have a bunch !
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
yeah i do acting stuff
yeah i enjoy my job
i love to listen to music
country is my favorite , you ?
what do you do then
i am a technician but i do not like it .
i am cool and i have a dog
i have a snake but i do not like spiders . maybe my snake can eat your rats .
but is it ok if i wear all black everyday ?
brown is my favorite color just like my tea every night .
yes summertime is fun nothing to worry
why do you like marketing ?
lol i just remember something when you said hot dogs .
hi , i love different types of dances , what do you like ?
that is good to know , i also love animals , do you have any pets
great , i have cats as my pet and i have 3 of them .
sure . do you have any siblings ?
no , same here . just a lone child in the family
yup , i do listen sometime . but my favorite is dancing
also , i love to travel around the world to visit different places . . .
hello how are you doing ?
which club were you with ?
i work on my farm and herd the cattle . takes up a lot of time .
yup ! would love to ride a motorcycle though that sounds exciting .
how so ? life is quiet out here in michigan .
yikes . i do not think my wife would like me getting into fights .
hello how are you today ?
sounds nice , right now i am overseas on a military base 12343
do not thank me , its easy as pie . i get a different woman every night and beer too
that is boring lets talk about me more since i am the best
my one son who is more entertaining . i had him at 25 which was right now
now getting back to me , i was a wrestler in my youth
i am not rude , i am just talking about me which is awesome
do you greet people that you hate ?
i hate our neighbors but mum forces me to greet them
i hate their arrogance and they think with money they have it all .
they keep on showing off and ant us to bend for them every time
yes , i do not go to their home but my mum does not like it
what type of pies do you bake ?
they do not want cheap things they are luxurious
hi how are you ? what are you up to this morning ?
sorry no help here no kids for me , not married yet .
wide range how about a puppy or 2 . i have 1 her name is lily
oh so then you need something different . i can check with the doc tomorrow
that is where i work . and she has lots of kids . she will have ideas .
no i am nuts about dogs . so i work at the vets office
my boyfriend is in the military . he bought me beautiful lilies tonight
i love lilies . what is your favorite flower ?
hello how are you doing ?
i am well . enjoying the break from working at the cable company . whats your job ?
i wish i could paint no talent . if i could , i would paint at the beach .
i have tried but i am just no good . i think my dog has more talent than me .
he is a shih tzu named george . he is adorable . do you have any ?
what a coincidence ! i am sorry you do not have him any more .
nah , i have weekends off .
well , have a great rest of your sunday !
yo ! whats up . i just came back from buying a new bed . finally
true . especially after having knee surgery
i can now . ca not wait to drive my new mustang i got for graduation
hellcat ? whats that . i hope it big because at 7 feet tall i am limited . . .
that cool . i wonder if they have dodge in japan . i am going there to play basketball
if i play . but at least i will get good sushi
you should . i bet being so tall i will stick out like a sore thumb
ha ! true . i hear there is a band called numa numa that is crazy, but I prefer rock music like you do.
hello
i am good and you ?
mostly jazz
2 pac or the newer stuff ?
i like the 90s rap better than todays crap
i drive . hbu ?
hello tell me about yourself
i like iced coffee , jazz , going to lake michigan , karate and shrimp
that is cool what are you going to study ?
laugh out loud sew oat that is funny
i like playing the saxophone
very much but i learned when i was younger
when did you learn how to play ?
nana do you happen to be hispanic ?
hi how are you tonight ?
not too bad was an exhausting day at work
are you an outgoing person ?
cool i am not really outgoing i am pretty reserved
yes its good . do you have kids ?
me either i never had any
i understand . do you have corrected vision to ?
hey how is your day ?
i am in school right now , hoping to go to japan , you ?
anime video games ? they are my favorite .
what kind of dogs do you have ?
that is gross i prefer japanese food , and anime .
maybe you can help me with learning japanese ?
i am not but i want to visit i love the culture .
i am disappointed sir , what are you up to ?
what is up ! ? how are you this morning
old and tired . haha oh and i am 35 and still single . lame right ? ll
maybe who knows . i teach japanese . came over from japan bout 10 years ago
yea its a neat place . very pretty . my accent is still horrible
haha you should hear me say hippopotamus
oh yea . very fluently . i teach it
hey , what is going on ?
madden ? i play that with friends , we also play sports and go to country concerts
i am alone too , my family lives far across the country , i wish i saw them more
i like learning too , i just graduated , bachelors degree in business , but i liked marketing better
maybe you should find a job , i am looking for one , but nba is fun too
that sounds like fun , easy way to make money
ok yea , me too ! enjoy your video games
yes , football and basketball , i guess like you
i love to shop online . hello ?
does not matter when i shop online . what about you ?
keeping myself looking good by checking my appearance throughout the day .
no . i stay in a lot . people always look at me when i am out .
i use my trust fund to buy a lot of stuff from vendors online . you ?
i was not in the marines , but i am fabulous .
it does not matter . but what about you ?
anything i can dance to while i look in a full length mirror . i bet you like country .
hello ! tell me about yourself , i need something to write about
that sounds fun . what classes are you taking ?
that would not be horrible . i used to work in a book store on campus
i liked my dorm in college . that is where i started my tea addiction .
haha that is hilarious ! learn anything i should know about ?
oh no . what is so bad about it ?
well i can deal with stained teeth . how is it unhealthy ?
yeah . that is very true . it also probably does not help that they have it in art museums
hi there , how are you ?
awesome . you a fan of youtube ?
i am on youtube a lot because i have a channel of my own .
mostly practical jokes , lol .
agreed ! whats your favorite animal ?
cool . dolphins are my favorite by far .
nice . i work for my fathers advertising agency .
how are you doing today
i am great . i was just drinking pepsi and eating cookies .
i only like toyota vehicles
i am too fat to walk
who is your best friend
was that planned or just by chance
you have a lot of kids
what is it like with so many kids
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is interesting . i do not watch many things on youtube .
from makeup to bacon , quite a long branch !
speaking of cars , have you ever driven a stick shift ?
that is cool , my dad is a police officer .
i grew up in virginia , where did you grow up ?
those are big cities ! do you still live in a big city ?
that is a big change . do you like the weather down there ?
hi . my name is tara . you ?
i like guys and girls , but i have never yet kissed a woman .
impressive for a guy named bob kidding i know what you meant lol
funny and organized . i arrange my canned goods alphabetically .
bob , you are starting to worry me lol .
please tell me bob is short for roberta and not robert .
oh bob . i believe i can achieve anything but that . . . you topped me .
this chat is the best i have had . better than when i watch jimmy fallon at night .
hi how are you today ?
i just finished my day too , i am a nurse .
my first loves are my 3 children .
i think that is great ! right now i am struggling with being bipolar .
i do . its not really helping much . do you like greek food ?
i absolutely love hummus and pita bread !
i used to love in and out burger too !
hi i am tonia , i became a professional handicapped horse racer
wow . i want to open my own teaching program for horse racing . that is my dream
my dream is to own my own stable and raise at least ten horses .
i have made over 90 k on trifecta bets this year
that is awesome to hear
oh wow ! that is awesome ! ! i am prepping for my next race
two weeks from now , i have a feeling i am gonna win
i do and i tend to stay positive about it
hey how are you today ?
i love to listen to britney spears . she helps with loneliness while i swim .
condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .
yoga is fun . after a day in the pool it is pasta pasta pasta . my favorite .
yes, it's relaxing . yoga outside on the beach is the best . outside is the best .
it most definitely is . it gets rid of all the stress.
how are you doing today
i am great . i was listening to my opera .
i do sometimes . i like to eat steak while listening usually
sometimes on my rolls and bread
i do not . do you ?
would you ever get a pet monkey ?
i did not know that you needed a permit
i did not know that
hi , i am a factory worker , and you ?
i always get to work early as i do everything .
wow , those are opposites i think !
i like to be a jokester , but i am not very good at it .
my biggest aspiration is to be a changer of the world .
what kind of mushrooms are yall looking for ? lol
that is true well got to go , take care
hi , hey , hello , hey ! off school for today ! how are you ?
carve ? that is so cool ! out of wood ? what kind of wood , where , why ?
a viking ! have a helmet ? all i have is braces that i haaaaate my mom for .
lol i cannot pull a beard . i should eat less though . too many carbs bad viking
noon meat ! i wanna be a vet . i draw ponies all day on my binder lol
bring me on the boat ! people say i talk too much but i can talk to you .
i wear lots of gold but i should not since it makes me look old .
hey , you know I am so disappointed with everyday life .
my family hates me because I quit college . I would like to be a dog or bear .
I want to be an artist . I love to paint to classical music .
that sounds cool . I wish I could have pursued a career in space exploration like you dream of.
I have to try . Are you going to be a beautician ?
I hope you graduate and get to do what you wish .
how are u doing tonight
yummy mine and my kids favorite
i do hy does your wife hate u
oh damn that sucks
well u better figure out how to fix it
u might have to to fix things
i really miss my mom and dad . they live so far away .
i went to college in california . they live in new york .
not much . too expensive . i have a lot of friends . we play soccer a lot .
i am going into marketing . people like you with money to spend are my bread and butter .
you should see a financial advisor . do you work ?
what are you majoring in ?
you will have a lot of money some day . nurses earn top dollar .
my student loan debt is huge ! i plan to pay it off quick .
hello , how are you doing today ?
bacon ball ? that sounds strange . what is it ?
so you love bacon and the color red i take it ?
i like a lot of different colors , but i guess my favorite would be teal .
i am sure you will still look so fantastic !
it sounds like you might be !
i am sorry to hear about that . i am not married .
oh i love puppies ! is this your first ?
hi there i love winter whats your favorite season ?
nice , one day i plan on touring iceland the fresh air moves my soul
i agree music helps me write better i am learning cursive at the moment
i try to go as much as possible as of today i have been to 40
nice i try to make every day interesting so discovering new music has helped
i freelance photography and collect pop figurines . . you ?
yes i have a few times once was sean mendes
she is never within decent driving time but i may try one day anything but t swift
hi how are you today ?
i am alright but i am so lonely
do you shop online then ?
very cool . i made kids books
yeah . do you love anyone ?
i do not thing love is real either do not worry
that does sound nice i am alone
surprise me oh cultured one
hello , how are you doing today ?
indeed . everyone loves pizza . except my sister in law .
that is strange , most people love animals
i see . do you have a job ? i have never had a job before .
have you ever had botox or plastic surgery ?
i think its time for me to get botox . do you like fashion shows ?
hi ! how are you today ?
just lovely ! my dog and i love taking walks in this weather
if i had the money i would travel and maybe even to the beach
sure ! you seem like a great person so far !
mmm i love food . i sometimes make match houses at restaurants
that is true haha i had a big lunch today
hello ! you are speaking to the former national spelling bee champion .
do you like what you do for a living ?
you can mail your bills with the stamps .
i do not like standing out . specifically in open spaces .
what is dirty harry ? never heard of it .
yes . i like staying inside places i am familiar .
it is , but from staying in i have become a pretty good cook .
what are you planning to do today ?
pickles and ice cream . i am pregnant so i like weird food
i am 3 months along . i am carrying twins !
that is so great . congrats on new baby . i have 3 kids other than these
i am nervous . i am so young ! only 26
my first kid was at 15 . i am getting tired of the morning sickness right now
3 months . but the next 5 i will be on bed rest
oh it is definitely worth it if you know what to do
hello ! how are you doing ?
that is unfortunate , did something happen today ?
i am sorry to hear that . did you have a nice weekend ?
did you get married this weekend ? or just make plans ?
i see . does that mean that you want an open relationship ?
i am more traditional minded when it comes to relationships . closed for me .
thank you ! i hope the best for your and your potential marriage
it will take work , most good things do . but i hear it is worth it
hello , hows it going . just eating spaghetti here , my favorite
nice . i work near the park at the hospital .
oh no . what is your job ?
oh how old are you ?
i am 20 do you like to read ?
oh i just read fiction because it is what i love to read
oh yes i read those at school . i am in school
hi there , how is your night ?
relaxing sounds like what i should be doing . is it too late for a nap ?
i am trying to pursue a career singing barbershop and rap myself
i am short too . that is why i just stick to watching basketball now . still love it
yeah ! ! in between my naps anyway . love a good nap
my dog howls in the winter but its still my favorite season
i do and we all have blue eyes
what else do you enjoy ?
hi , how are you today ?
i like riding my bike to work and gazing at the clouds . lol
very cool . piano and whiskey is a step up to from my milk shakes .
i love chocolate . malted milk powder is my secret ! i add it to cookies too .
no problem . you will not regret it . what are you doing halloween night ?
i am going as a candy killer and going to see american psychos .
hello . how are you doing today ?
doing really well . my roommates are driving me crazy , though . have three .
what kind of work do you do ?
that sounds interesting . what is your favorite food ?
wow . what do you do to spoil him ?
do you know what the sex of your second is ?
do your kids like to eat gummy bears ? i do .
my favorite gummy bear is orange . do you like them ?
i am shaped like a ball , so round .
nah , its just because i am so short .
i am shapely , you seem judgmental
they really should not be .
i like to enjoy a good meal and movies .
oh you must be smart like me then .
i am a doctor , i work with the elderly .
i try to be , no point in being a bad one .
hello . how are you doing ?
what are you trying to count ?
so , what are you doing right now ?
oh wow ok . i am trying to find the next concert that i am going to
yeah that is a good idea !
where do you live ? you have alot of concerts there ?
oh yeah i am in pittsburgh so we have some good shows
good morning ! how are you today ?
is that a tv show ? i am play with my four cats .
what do you do for work ?
that sounds like a nice life ! i am packing for a trip .
you are really hooked . do you have any siblings ? i am going to visit my sister .
she lives in canada . i visit her every fall .
oh nice i have always wanted brothers . but my sister and i are very close .
that is great ! any idea for lunch ?
how are you doing today ?
we are just chatting . what do you do for a living ?
i work part-time at a restaurant .
that is crazy ! i am in college too .
same here ! i eat very healthy , and do not drink .
are you in a relationship ?
oh . i just started dating this girl but my roommate does not like her .
yeah , maybe . they are not giving her a chance .
hi how are you today ?
sitting here drinking wine with my dogs . my kid is sleeping so its chat time !
i have two boxers . what kind of cats are they ?
it is a good thing our pets are not where i work d
i work at a clothing shop ! they would run around and shred everything !
i love italian . any food that pairs well with a red wine ! p
maybe we could set up a time to eat . just need a sitter for baby .
hi , just finishing up this sewing project , then we can talk .
done ! i love stew . is it beef ?
oh yes . donuts . cake . muffins . this is why i am a bit hefty .
i am a stocker , but i am too short to reach some of the shelves .
if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to speak to animals. I tell my cat about it when i get home . i love my cat .
i hope to get another , but it is hard to find another with hair brown like mine .
ooh , i have another idea of something to sew .
aprons , pot holders , table runners . always sewing , sewing , sewing .
hello , there ! how are you doing on this beautiful morning ?
absolutely ! i am a stay at home mom so the kids love this weather !
not really . thankfully ! ha !
no pets . they have been begging for a dog though . do you ?
i do not really have the energy to have a pet . a fish might be good .
nice ! we love watching movies . a pets life is a favorite .
ha ! my kids are going to be minions for halloween ! love it !
most definitely ! they usually do not eat it all so more for me ! p
hiya ! whats up . i just came in from working in the garden . tomatoes are crazy !
yeah . i study photograph . love b w . how about you ?
senior . after i graduate , i am moving to france to study as a chef .
i am dying to learn classic french cuisine . my boyfriend is french , so . . .
i do use my toms , plus carrots and onions i grow
sure ! libraries are excellent for discovering new things
my name is alex . my parents are successful lawyers in the san diego area .
i am 21 . how about you ?
that is cool , what are his hobbies ?
what about a favorite season ?
i personally enjoy winter the most . summer is a bit too hot for me .
and i hate wearing swimsuits
i like punk , heavy metal , and rap . most kinds really .
hello ! are you a gamer ? i love halo 3 .
i love dogs , but i have a hard time with eye contact . . .
what kind of school allowed that ?
super cool ! do you sing ? i was just singing in my shower .
wow ! i will stick to my cold showers ! i love kids !
can I have some please ?
you are too kind . i appreciate it .
hi there ! what are you up to ?
home from the gym and am eating seafood salad while my kitties beg .
it is actually my favorite . . . i love everything italian . especially the wine , food and films .
i would say its a toss up between the cramps and the reverend horton heat . you ?
very deceased p although , original members of the cramps have passed as well .
being hungry since i am on a diet . . . and marathoning horror movies . yourself ?
nice ! i hope that it worked for you . a single cabinet game or multi with a pc ?
awesome ! i made a raspberry pi console in a gutted nes cart .
renting , vegetarian , mba , fido and love to shop . you ?
whew ! thought i lost you . chicken wings are our friends . you cook ? i do .
get out ! me too ! fido is my dog . you have pets.
men or dogs ? i love to shop . you ?
adult toys ! are you a student ? i am .
marital affairs . mother and father pay our rent . you sing ?
yes ! i had fido spade . you dance or draw ?
wonderfully ! chicken wings are our friends . you vegetarian huh ?
hello hi how are you ?
i am great thanks . i love hunting do you ?
not married yet , but it would be nice to start a family
that sounds holy , do you like basketball ? i do
how long have you been doing that ?
my hair is curly too .
i should clean too .
hello . how was your day today ?
just ran my 6 miles today then went kayaking . pretty good day .
that must suck . need more interesting things to do than just that .
that is true . you do it professionally ?
oh nice . i do not watch much football . i like other activities as you can see .
not really . just got a lot more time on my hands .
flying model airplanes is one of my many other hobbies along with music . you ?
my mom taught music at a school , yours ?
awesome , my father , he worked at a church , as a pastor
oh no ! i dropped out of college , oh well !
that sucks , i have a 20 year old car , poor me !
maybe , last of the mohicans , indian movies are my favorite !
my mother taught music at a school , maybe they know her ?
good evening , how are you ?
we just finished dessert . i baked a pie .
pecan . everyone says it is top notch !
i want to get geared up for the holidays .
my creepy landlord is jacking up my rent to i have to economize .
i plan on doing just that .
we have two dogs . fred and ginger . dobermans .
hi how are you doing
just going to school for the brain
college i am a psychology major
yeah it is hard he is my favorite
that is so true he is great
yes i loved it can not wait for part 2
yes they were i love it
i go to broadway shows all the time
my name is stacy and i am a canadian .
hi there greg . do you have pets ? i have 2 cats named milo and fio .
dogs are great too . like any sports ?
any favorite plays you have been to ?
mine too ! do you like any video games ?
haha . . . although soccer is also as good as theatre .
i agree 100 .
hi how are you doing
my kids love to eat candy
all sorts of gummy candies
wow that seems like it would be hard
oh ok do you want to sell it
that is so great do you have kids
i have 2 twin boys
hey , i just got back from boating .
oh , i am sorry it took me so long to respond , i am an old man .
i am retired and visit my grandkids . i have five .
in a cabin , all by myself , hoping my grandkids will visit . any you ?
oh , do they still make many cars in detroit ? i heard the self driving ones .
is the fishing good in detroit ? great at my cabin lake .
so you get to swim with fish , how fun .
well maybe i can take you guys out on my boat when you come visit .
i don t know why i m up so late i have to be up to fish soon !
sometimes i m up late with the crew on my fishing boat , the gnarly snail
lol named it after my wife . curious , what s your favorite fish ?
tuna brings in most money for me , but i prefer eating rock fish
good for you too . i live on the cape hatteras what about you ?
was that flattened by the last hurricane ?
sounds scary . my relatives are fleeing fires in northern california
i know . they actually found bodies near and in cars , trying to escape .
good afternoon , i am a swimmer who really enjoys spicy foods , how are you ?
i do not have any siblings , how about you ?
i live with my spouse
did you grow up in the country or city ?
i live in the city now , same house that my mom was a housekeeper in .
it was an inheritance . i do not have any pets .
i am a credit specialist , good job for now .
it takes some hunting to find a good job nowadays .
hey there , i am trying to make new friends . i do not have many . . .
that sounds mean . i wish i could live in another world
i like the fantasy world better than this one .
i hate school , i draw dragons and doodle instead of note-taking .
i keep my hair long for a boy
no i mean i am a boy with long hair
that is okay with me
i dislike the beach , too many people bully me there
hi , how are you today ?
not too bad . wedding season is coming up , so i will be busy soon
oh , why do you not like weddings ?
that is a shame . i am very sorry about that .
well what do you like to do in your free time ?
why are you leaving now ?
i am fine ! i was confused . do you like music ?
that is ok . what kind of music do you like ? and i do
i work in a hospital , where do you work ?
cool ! what do you like drawing ?
really ? do you like reading fantasy books as well ?
haha . when i am bored i drink dr pepper to stay awake .
i do like fantasy books , like harry potter and the lord of the rings .
why limit them ? because people are too judgemental ?
maybe that is why i read so much , because i see too many people at work .
like a t rex , or more modern reptiles ?
hi . how is your night ?
i just finished my yoga class .
it def does . especially after my 9 to 5 job .
whats your fav place to travel ? this summer i vacationed in italy .
that is a nice place to escape the big city i live in .
yes , but they do have good italian food . my fav .
hello , how are you today ?
i am here , my allergies are horrid this morning .
they truly are . that , and clutter and dust .
i did not . my husband is in vegas playing in a softball tourney .
i bet that place was crawling with a lot of germs .
i do not like germs , even my cat .
i do not either , meat is so dirty .
i want to find a cure for dust .
hey ! where are you from ?
summer taught me i can sweat through anything no thanks
world folk . i pick countries i want to go to and just chill
haha . yeah see this is why i am glad i am to young for kids
i let the guys at the site do that for me over break
full time student in dc but i work summers in contracting
do you meet any cool people ?
i can believe that . haha . i think some of the site boys need therapy too
hello ! how are you today any plans ?
that sounds yummy . i work as an accountant you ?
lol that is all you need a job that you work as a pizza tester !
blue , do you like running ?
yes it is , i listen to bruno mars on my runs keeps me moving .
yeah , i can not get enough of him . what do you drive ?
brand new red dodge here . love that truck !
hey you . what is going on ?
oh that is a good movie ! but only because the guys are hot
no place exciting but i would love to go to rome one day
it is beautiful . but i am scared to go alone
i get worried because i am a girl and it is dangerous
very true . i would like to go with my parents but my dad is awful
he just did not even try . he is such a deadbeat
it is actually really sad that and kurt cobain dying ruined my life
good morning . thought i would take a break at the library to chat .
i work at the childrens library , working with kids .
yes , they make me feel very happy . i need it since my divorce .
gardening is very relaxing . my mom used to have a garden .
she just turned sixty five . but you would not know it by how much she power walks .
i live in chicago with my dog .
yes , my dog has been a great comfort .
pets are nice when you are as introverted as i am .
hey ! whats up how are you ?
ah cool i am just about done with school myself but i am trying to become a teacher
for sure , influencing lives and following your passion is important i think . . .
gotcha do you like to travel or have you stayed in the states since you moved ?
my brother is a musician and travels a lot but i stay here for the same reason
that is the goal ! i am hoping to get a job teaching actually asap
thanks i wish you the same with your studies !
hmm i actually do not do much because college takes up a lot of my time you ?
hi , how are you doing ?
i am sorry about that . . . any hobbies ?
do you get visitors ? my neighbor comes over sometimes to watch sports
yeah , people can be annoying sometimes
that is true . i do like warm weather too though since that is rugby season
kind of . do you like to eat healthy ?
hi ! i am jovanni . whats up ? tell me about yourself .
you live in florida ?
good for you , but do not try to outrun the hurricane . i jog hey miley cyrus is my neighbor !
what s your fav flavor ? i binge on bbq ham sandwiches and chips and pizza puffs
so you do live in florida ?
butter pecan , chocolate marshmallow . i do munch when i watch tv
what are you doing up so late ?
what are you scared of ? my sister is writes horror stories .
i say think about karaoke . i sing it on thursdays . it cheers me right up .
no i have not . i do not like scary movies .
what else do you for fun ?
you may have seen stories about me too . i was a champion skier .
hello , i have a cat name leroy jenkins . do you have a cat ?
i wish that i had a real dragon that i could train .
california would be nice . i have not been there .
the east coast would be nice . i like to play videogames , do you ?
i play retro videogames on my 386 . you ?
i am not familiar with the rare . have you ?
hey there , how are you ?
cannot complain . i just finished surfing .
i live close to the ocean so it is easy access and fun .
i work with computers as a programmer and get to do it from home .
that sounds fun . living near the water is great . i do not eat red meat . you ?
that would be awesome . what do you do to relax ?
way cool . i walk on the beach and watch the sunset every night .
what is up brah ? where the party at ? ? ?
22 . man i am just getting started tonight . college ! ! ! !
got a giant snake and some hamsters . it is a zoo in my frat house man . you ?
drinking , girls and the beach . all i need in life is that and some pizza
shrimp and pumpkins ? i ate those together on a bet ! !
won myself a beer ! ! ! i am a champ ! ! ! !
totally ! what are you doing ? ? ? ?
keep at it . stay positive . god bless your soul and rest up
hello ! would you like some cupcakes ?
oh unfortunately they are pumpkin . i just baked them .
i wonder how close that is to the grocery store i work at .
cool . i can come over after work on monday .
how many of you in total ?
wow ! that is impressive . i will bring two dozens of cupcakes then .
so this is like a test . i will bring some chocolate cupcakes .
not at all . i will put them in a blue basket . i like blue .
hi there . i am a music teacher . what do you do ?
that is awesome . my grandmother was in the navy . she raised me .
my mothers favorite color was red orange .
i teach it in my class . do you enjoy horror movies ? i do .
i do ! it a great music genre .
yes it is . whistling reminds me of the walking dead tv show .
happy day ! how is it going
nice . i want to go swimming today .
why not i do not work , so i would like to travel .
oops . is that against the law ?
i have just been a bald dude who hates tacos .
i like combat boots with dresses too .
hi there how are you today ?
do you play any sports ?
i am sad to hear that , i am a basketball player
same here , i should not though as i am an athlete
i attended north carolina university , did you ?
cool , dribbling a ball pays me a lot of money
sweet i got drafted by the wolves last year
it is here too , lovely weather
hi there , how are you today ?
i need to paint , but being a full time working mom college student is time consuming
studying to become a doctor . cannot wait for a new life making more than 215 an hour
i will be making 215 one day yeah . sick of waiting tables right now
home so , how about you ?
i meant to say hope , but i wish i was home haha
i am on my break at work . should be studying
hi how are you tonight ?
i am good . that pizzas making me hungry suddenly however .
yes , i am good . but friends in fl are going to have a hard time .
spent 20 years in n . cal . 5 years in fl and now in nyc area
what part of tx ? not houston .
right . i agree , but like austin
its been some time since i have been there , but great music scene
hello how are you doing ?
i love watching all the football games at alabama
no i have been diagnosed with social anxiety so i stay alone a lot
ha sounds great ! my girlfriend cooks for me sometimes we have been together 7 years
fun ! you know I have never drank any alcohol ever
that is true . i do like fast food sometimes
grilling is so tasty ! if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
i bet ! love good guitar music
hi how are you doing today
i am still looking for a job .
yeah that is very true . super easy .
that is very interesting . are you good at it ?
i do not like chess much .
you must be a blast at parties .
absolutely , it is very fun to be with friends
do whatever you like , man .
hello , how are you this evening ?
my head kinda works , but watching some cartoons like flintstones helps .
do you dance with a group or show company ?
that is nice , a family sort of thing . what kind of jokes so you like ?
simple ones are okay , but i think some go too far in adult conversations .
same , i like simpler times before this modern stuff .
my favorite is classical , how about you ?
hello how are you doing on this wonderful day
doing great i am just killing time on my apple phone
its great especially when you travel as much as i do
so you like to drive a lot . i travel mostly on trains and airplanes
i worked in the information technology field
sounds great . do what you love
i to travel and meet new people
i have traveled to canada , paris , london and several us states
hi ! i have two kids , both girls . you have children ?
they both love to draw manga characters, but i would rather hike than go to cosplay.
well, my husband got free tickets to the convention but refuses to drive all the way there.
i do not think telecom would allow that, his job is very strict about that policy, sorry!
cool! i would probably enjoy that, as long as its close and i do not have to drive far.
ca not stand slow drivers, so I usually end up hiking close to home with my girls.
do you consider mountain climbing too risky to insure??
i am too adventurous, I guess, i cannot find a life insurance policy!
i work for dennys . where do you work ?
feeling great and you ? i seem to always be late for work .
well my philosophy is better late than never even in college .
i do not believe i ever have . never late to interviews .
i was an hour late one time on a date and she almost left .
i see your point as well . luckily she was still there .
she was the one who did not get away . i have three dogs .
i am baking magic cupcakes for a huge order .
what are some of your hobbies ?
is beauty afraid of dogs ? i have three of them .
ponds for fishing nearby ? i love to take my three dogs fishing with me .
one of my hobbies is cooking , do you also like cooking ? have any good recipes ?
yum ! ! i love making cookies for dogs to eat !
hopefully your husband will be there for the birth .
family is important to have around .
hello , good morning . how is your day going
oh dear , that sure is unfortunate .
? you help i can boasttoo not
sorry my keyboard has malfunctioned
can i help you out ?
i would like to donate money for your children's tuitions
really ? i do advertising i could help your career
do you like ufc ? i love ufc .
that is awesome . who is your favorite current fighter ?
i agree . do you like professional wrestling too ?
yes it does . i have been a really big fan of the miz lately .
my college offers classes in that . i would not know what to expect .
i am not sure when i could fit it in . but i will think about it .
yes i have but it have been a while . i was never good those games .
i forget who that was . i think she wore a purple dress . i liked sonya .
oh , and johnny cage . he was the man .
i m eating my second scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream of the day !
is it your favorite food in the world as well ? ?
no way ? i work summers doing construction but rather have your job !
i m going to school and not sure what i want to do when i graduate
i m having to pay for my own education , so can't afford clowning around
well that hopefully makes people around you feel better
going to visit my dad in london . hope my seatmate is funny
i live in ca . mom is in tx , dad in uk . good thing i love traveling !
hey there .
i am a high school junior and i play football and baseball .
my father is really strict which makes me wish i could move out . europe , nice .
you will , i would love to play college football but not happy with school .
wow you are nearly a foot taller than me . my close friend is 6 6 .
they wonder if you play in the NBA .
hi . let us get to know one another . i like volleyball .
i play volleyball , swim in a pool but never played pool .
i teach high school and in my spare time i pickle eggs .
that is interesting . i also like to take long hikes .
anywhere from about three to four hours .
what standard does that cover ?
i bet they will enjoy that . i like to surprise my students with new weirdo hairdos .
hi how are you today ?
doing well , trying to find exciting things to do .
yeah , regular life is disappointing . do you have family ?
i do but we do not get along . all alone like living in space .
well that is interesting . i just wish i was free like an animal . no rules .
i have never thought of it like that but i guess youre right
i am a photographer so yes . kind of follow my own rules .
i do , i like to take more of animals and nature though .
how are you doing today
i am great . i am dancing .
and playing with my barbies .
go to school and play a lot
i am not old enough for bars
i like disney and cinderella and oh a crayon
no it is a blue one
do you like the color yellow
it is almost friday . i hope you are as happy as i am about that .
basketball and football games are in the weekend plans .
do you play for a college ?
no . i am clumsy . i have athletic children .
i love to work in my yard . how about you ?
no but did grown some loofah this year .
i know it is in the gourd family .
yes , i love them . the really help exfoliate your skin .
good evening ! how are you tonight ?
i am doing just great ! i have an exam tomorrow , eek !
it is tomorrow , so i am studying now .
the recycling practices of californian residents .
yeah ! what do you enjoy doing ?
really ? like in a forest ?
i like to hunt for bargains in goodwill shops !
hello how are you today ?
sounds good . what do you do for a living ?
i work from home as a editor .
yes i stay at home most of the time . it is my get away .
i would say so . lol ! i play games with my brother . i still live at home .
yes black . how about you ?
i guess so . that is a fitting color for a ballet dancer .
hello , how are you tonight ?
have a headache , but doing fine .
that sounds amazing , but i have my ten cats to keep me company
weird question , what color hair do you have ? mine is red and long
that is crazy , double the presents !
i prefer blue jello as dessert for the holidays
i use my computer to work from home
what is your favorite food ?
hi i like to make breakfast for my family every sunday
i like to make pancakes and waffles !
sometimes , i make breakfast burritos .
i am from texas , and here we love tacos as well . ll !
love having breakfast on a sunday morning !
yes , when i go hunting , i also make breakfast early while hunting .
no i am not good with instruments !
hi . how are you doing ?
good . i just ordered some pizza . its my favorite .
exactly . i am like being alone , but this is kinda nice .
i stay healthy by walking at night when its dark .
nice . so do you like music ?
yeah . the dream theater is my favorite .
hi there ! tell me about yourself
very respectful job ! i scrub my body the way you scrub your hands when i shower lol
yeah ! i have an adorable tabby but i am so allergic
no , my ocd would not let me . i cannot stand clutter dust
sadly . . . cleaning . i spend an hour getting myself ready every morning
that is alright . it will get better . well me and my cat kj gotta get going now .
hope all goes well in the future .
hello , how are you today ?
i am thinking of my plan to take over the world
it is top secret information . . but i found a cure to common colds
yeah they suck . do you have any nick names ?
i get called bubblegum . i live in ny . you ?
yes i love it as much as i love me and my brothers bright red hair
i can not wait to see how mine turns out
hi how are you today
that is too bad what kind of voices ?
oh wow i just got done with high school and on my way to california for college
that is a different thing to collect .
its good to be different its what keeps things interesting .
that is always fun i play video games to keep my life interesting
board games can be fun at times . i like massive online games
its just a lot of people playing the same role-playing game at once its great
yeah it is keeps me sane well i have to go nice talking to you
hello , how are you ? i am anxiously preparing for my wedding .
i definitely understand busy right now ! wedding plans , honeymoon plans .
my only kid is my dog , he will be our ring bearer ! if he cooperates .
that is great ! i love all pups . we have a pug
yes , life gets crazy . i have to go work on wedding plans . nice chatting .
hope you have a great day !
we are expecting a hurricane to hit very soon ! !
hey , will you do me a big favor ?
bring me a book down to the zoo .
crime novels . i want to read to the pandas .
i guess that would be fine . pandas poop .
the pandas used to be afraid of me , because of my 3 toes .
did you learn about people with 3 toes ?
no . i am a person . do not be rude . i will feed you to the lions .
can i move in with you ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing alright . . i wish i was less chubby though, I wish I could attend a One Direction concert in person.
how did you do it ? being tall and blonde i would love to be more athletic
sounds fun ! you like music ? i love insane clown posse . you heard of them ?
me too ! hey , do you like to larp too ?
we sound alike . i do interior design for a living , how about you ?
i love the beach , but wish i felt less self conscious
i hope so . what do you look like ?
hey how are you doing today ?
i actually shoot photography for tv shows .
that is great , what shows have you acted in ?
i am proud of you , my youngest brother acts as well , i have two .
he is not , just trying out now . i just go to university at nyu .
science currently , what are you up to ?
i respect it , i hope to continue photographing for my career . it is tough being young .
i am turning 18 in may , hoping to save up for a new camera .
hey how are you today ?
i am good just making my favorite , burgers , for lunch .
i do not blame you . i am an accountant so no dealing with food there . ll
i do not listen much , I would rather play tennis . what's your favorite color ?
i love red ! what do you do for fun ?
that sounds fun . i like sports .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i wish i had a cat . i only have children haha .
what kind of sports do you play ?
i have never broken a bone either . ever thought about going to mars ?
i would love to go some day !
if americans are the first to colonize mars then yes there will be pizza .
what is your cats name ?
no pets . do you know anything about karate ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well . just smoking my pipe . what are you doing ?
nice , my husband plays soccer . he is my fifth .
husband ! i own a bar . what do you do ?
is there a lot of money in soccer playing ?
nice . owning a bar is hard work , not a ton of money in it .
hi how are you doing this morning
its nice and beautiful there did yall get hit bad by the hurricane
yeah that is cool , do you live with your brother
that is cool we have a pet cat
its mine , my dads and brothers cat i live with them
i am not much of a cook are you in school
how are you this fine thursday ?
same thing . what do you do for a living ?
i mostly keep up with the business blogs myself , that is what i do for a living .
nice ! i will check it out ! so what do you do for fun ?
that is funny ! i am an amateur singer . are you married ?
well marriage is not all sunshine . my wife is sick , it is pretty bad ,
i will thank you ! any kids yet ?
hi , do you play any sports ?
oh running is my love and swimming
i can swim very past i got trophies during my childhood
i don t have any pet though
i can sing too , oh great name
i want to , it takes practice to
wow , that s a great exercise and
where are the other parks you
hi , hope your day is better than my life .
just thinking about my lame childhood .
just my dad left , and my step dad ignored me .
working as a house keeper never around .
as long as you do not tell people my last name is not really italian .
how old are your kids ,
i am 16 does that matter ?
ok , thank you , talk to you then .
ha , i do not really have friends , but i appreciate that you would allow that .
you are a good person . thanks for everything .
hi how are you today
i am good do you have shoes
i only have one pair of shoes
because my mom has five hundred
i am not my job is to arrange her shoes
me too that is why i arrange her shoes
no but i do not cook
hello , how are you tonight on werewolf day ?
i am in the cemetery in my back yard , hanging out with my four dogs .
i do not , just my fur babies alexa , layla , naomi and bardot .
i am a dog person , we love convertibles .
do you see ghosts at the shelter ?
do you go to church ? i do not .
i created my own religion , because i do not believe in any of the christian ones .
i make jewelry and candles . what do you do ?
hey there i love to work out my body is toned nice
my wife does when we take our sunday drives
my son is awesome straight as
yes they are i enjoy video games do you ?
i have a collection rather large of some .
gotcha i have all kinds for my son an wife .
sure why not when i am not work the warehouse . ing in
hi how are you tonight
i am good just glad to be off work
wow i watch her on tv
i eat what is cheap because i do not make much
just watching tv lol your is better
that is good do they like macaroni
do you make more than 30 k a year i do not
how are you doing today
i am finally not so busy
why are you not busy
what character are you being
what are you going to do with it
why would you want to do that
that sounds a little scary
hello i do not eat meat do you ?
wow no that is a new one !
laughing out loud ! i walk dogs for volunteer work .
what do you do in your free time ?
nice , do you do any volunteer work ?
i like to petition for what believe in . no favorite color .
animal rights . they really need help . that is why i am a vegan .
if you are blond does that mean you are european ?
hi how are you today
yeah i always tell my friends that too
yeah i mean have they not seen the shining ?
where do you work at
oh i thought you were just there for fun
yeah tell them space is the place
i make french fries help me
reading is fun and fundamental
i am an short fat accountant . a stereotypical figure
new york city city of dreams
born and raised . i may be short but i am ny tall
no no cannot afford those . apt too small
oh with all included about 5000
that is aloof but it nothing in ny
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thank for asking
i am a makeup guru on youtube
what city are you from ?
i am in cali . hav you ever been ?
do you have any hobbies ?
just makeup and my cat mostly
hey whats going on ? how old are you ?
not so good . i am still in high school . i wish i was an adult already .
oh really ? i am just ready to move out ! my dad is so strict
i do not really know yet . i just hate school . i am already worrying about money
yea that is pretty nasty . thank you for chatting with me . i only have 1 true friend
his name is cody . i grew up with him
no we are both young . we are still in high school
hi how are you doing
i have to go to book club
i read a lot on my cell i do not know what to do without it
that is cool i take pictures of my cat with mine
that is amazing i love it
that does not sound like a problem
i am the same way that is why i am on here now
that sounds like fun what kind
hi how are you today ?
why are you sad for him ?
well good thing he can not see your sadness on your face
i am okay do you only have one kid ?
my name is steve , short for steve
i draw a lot really
can i get a free ride then ?
i appreciate that where are we headed ?
ok what is the story man ?
i have a bf of many years so do not get any ideas .
none . i am from london but now i am in the outback .
working from home with coffee you ?
yeah that is the way it is with neoliberalism
i have none , only working
i lied actually . i paint sometimes .
yeah there are things to paint here in austria
i have three brothers and three sisters and it can be crazy at times
i got adopted very young to this family . you are lucky
your more relaxed . my future with them seems scary like a horror movie
our mom never goes anywhere . always home in middle of all the drama
i would love to go there , especially if you have a job for me
her , me and all six sibling on a road trip . yeah that really is a horror movie
fishing can be relaxing . eating them is good too
hello nurse ! i like steak !
my grandfather was from ohio , he served in ww2 .
do you have any chickens ?
what do you call them ? can they swim ? i can not .
i love rock music , what do you listen to ?
do you drive ? i own a chevy
trucks are the best right ?
hi , how are you ? what kinds of things do you enjoy ?
i love them also , almost as much as i love justin bieber , lol
i understand . i am making some fried fish for dinner . do you cook ?
i do what i enjoy right now . i only have a few months to live
just sick i guess . have an appointment with doctor tomorrow . any kids ?
me either . i love animals though . what things do you love to do ?
i like the ravens . fun . we should go to a game sometime .
are you married or do you date much ?
hey , you like cake or dancing more ?
ahh , i have two dogs , one is socks and the other is pepperoni
dancing might be my passion of passions . i am going to school for it
you any good at math ? i hear you have to be for art ?
cool beans , i just got this silver lexus . . screaming deal on it
i paid about 3 . 50 the dealer was almost pay me to take it away
what kind of vehicle do you drive ?
hello ! how are you doing ?
do you have any plans for the week ?
i have to go to work .
at amazon , its fun . i like robotics .
that is pretty cool . i have got 2 kids , but no stories like that .
huh , that is kind of weird .
i have just never heard of that before .
where are you from ? i live out in the country .
hello , who do you lean on in hard times
i do when am off duty and like it so much
okay if you believe you achieve so go on
okay i hope you catch all the worms
knock what and when or how ?
yes am really eager to know
that is sounding like a rhyme and i want another joke
okay go a head and tell me
hey ! jefferson here , i adore nickelback !
do you ever take your prius to the beach ?
i could never join the army , i have no idea how to swim .
do you build libraries ? i just started as a librarian .
that is good . as a catholic , i encourage you to help the community .
thank you for your service . did you enjoy it ?
i love our country . i would not want to live anywhere else .
yeah this is pretty great just like the lord .
hi how are you doing tonight ?
what do you do for fun or for a hobby ?
that is nice , i have a really long commute
its an hour , so i just think about what i want to paint when i get there
sorry , paint . i love to paint , i paint
my wife made me the best pasta tonight yum
what is on tv right now ? i am watching the good doctor .
i just sit on the couch , watch tv , eat my mac cheese .
i like crumbled bacon on my mac cheese .
when i am not watching tv i am working making cars .
that is good . i only make 30 thousand a year . i can only afford mac and cheese .
i love me some meat .
sit on the couch for a while . i like to do that .
i have heard that books are good . i watch movies based on books .
hi there ! how are you today ?
i am a bit overwhelmed , i am studying for my masters in social sciences .
i like to observe people and the way they interact with each other .
you should try going to go eat my favorite food places , pizza joints and sushi bars !
maybe buy a yellow flower , or even read a funny joke before work . that helps me !
yes very , since it is my masters its alot of writing . .
i like to ride my bike to clear my head , or even jog .
do you drive to work ? i drive a classic car .
my grandfather was a pharmacist . i dropped out of school .
my mom taught music , so i guess you would consider her a hippie too .
college orchestra . she made part of the score on my favorite movie .
last of the mohicans . it is older , but i love it !
it really is . it is almost as old as my car . how old are you ?
totally . i dropped out of college to go around the world .
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . just got back from surfing .
what do you do for a living . i am a bartender .
i can make a killer whiskey sour . i also cook good .
no . i would like to learn .
oh sorry ! do you like music ? i love country .
oh , that sounds very interesting .
i am 28 . what about you ?
hello how are you today
a full time student , what about yourself ?
that is awesome ! it is just me and my black lab
okay , my favorite musician is charlie daniels and i like to fish
i live in tennessee . where are you from ?
yes , i have caught some nice fish here .
it is very relaxing . what are your hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
hi how you doing i am okay .
wow seems like a fun show .
yes wish i could have some of that roast .
i used to help people a lot i still do but disabled now .
i like to watch funny characters i got sick .
yes i can swim thank god i like being near the river .
oh he can teach you does he swim ?
my mom once met elvis presley that is old l . o . l
hello i am ray from florida
i enjoy being a staying home taking care of my kids
hi kay , i am very organized , when i cook or bake
i love to get in a long hot sweaty run in the mornings
after my run , i watch the syfy channel , face off is my favorite show
i like the law people , think it is a honorable profession
blue is my favorite color , you do anything for fun
wow , you need to get out and enjoy yourself
can you give me a ride . i am deaf so i have no license .
oh , well i am so boring i have fun scratching my nose
well i do read . i love it actually
i like books on numerology . 7 is my number
i am sure you are beautiful . i wish i could hear your voice
as a man i am sure you are pretty . we all have issues . like my deafness
hey there ! hows it going ? ?
busy ! 5 kids keep you on your toes haha ! plans for the weekend ?
its been soooo nice out i go outside and sketch most days ! i will draw anything
that is amazing ! i stay local on account of the kids , 5 are a handful
i just love babies so much i miss them when they are little , they grow too quick
haha ! ! you gonna travel any more anytime soon ?
hey there . how is your night going ?
i just rinsed the gel out of my hair and am listening to metal music .
that it does . each to their own though .
well , i am in a metal band . i collect motorcycles , leather jackets and boots .
nice . have you read anything good lately ?
i do . i went to culinary school . . . definitely not a vegan though p
veggies are certainly excellent . i just like them on the plate next to my meat .
hello . tell me about you
nice . i like to eat spicy stuff . and swim
my mom does housemaid work.
i do not have any siblings . you ?
wow ! i have gone to mexico .
yes . i have been to europe also . you ?
yes . you should , it is fun .
hey there how are you ?
cool , do you have a wife that loves you an supports you ?
i love my husband and my family and friends , i am the rock for us .
lol not anymore , like to travel ?
lol oh you cannot do it this way believe me
you do not even know my name .
i do not care you are a weird cop , you probably hurt people .
i like to draw an travel , i never forget a face .
hi lets get to know each other .
i wish i could but i am a computer technician and have to work tomorrow .
i actually do not like my job . do you have any pets ?
wow i love snakes too ! i hate spiders . they scare me .
i love dogs too . my best friend is my dog ,
the only thing i like about spiders is their color . black . i wear it everyday .
i understand . i also like blue and yellow .
no my name is carolyn .
hello ! nice to meet you !
very well ! just got off work from the coffee shop .
i do like it ! gives me time with my cat jasper .
i am so sorry ! my parents died as well . they were very unhealthy so i am vegan .
i understand that ! coffee with sugar keeps me sane !
well it is very delicious !
oh , that is unfortunate ! i have a car in my favorite color of orange .
that is a huge difference ! use user .
hello . do you have kids ?
i am sorry . do you attend the school here ?
i teach special education at highland elementary . do you like washington ?
wow , that sounds like fun ! sometimes i take my boys to the playground there .
what do you want to be when you grow up ?
if you find a way to do that , you will be the richest kid in the universe !
hey there ! where are you from ?
from alabama but i am a yankee now . maine .
sweet home alabama obviously ! kidding . we are here alicia keys
did you grow up in california ?
nice ! i could not get out of alabama fast enough
yeah , not a ton to do there besides watching game of thrones and smoke meth .
i drive a toyota tacoma btw . nothing fancy but it gets crazy gas mileage .
partly kidding once i smoked too much and saw the easter bunny hiding in my closet .
did not think to ask ! not too long after i packed up my tacoma and headed north !
hey , good morning . what are you up to ?
sounds more productive than me . i played skittles all day .
have you ever wanted to go pro ?
does that mean you cannot stay and chat ? i could teach you all about skittles !
are you a hiker too ?
no , i have actually never eaten candy . i mean the game .
is candy really all that good ?
i am such a sad sack how are you ?
you go to the beach ? i have never been .
awesome but my family loathes me and i have never gone
i have never even been to the beach how could they love me ?
not really true although my parrot Todd is love. I wish I could take my parrot Todd to a Madonna concert.
with my parrot though ? can he come ?
only very sad music and you ?
yeah that sounds expensive and i am a sad sack
morning . care for a chat before i head to work ?
nice . glad to hear . i see so many kids in the office that need them .
since i am not an eye doctor but a pediatrician not much i can do
i opened my own medical office to spend more time with my family .
my wife and 2 children love that i am a family man . not on call all day .
nice . ever been bowling ? its my favorite activity .
darn how did you manage to do that ?
hey , how are you ? i am getting ready for some traveling !
wow , that is a big responsibility . i do travel just about anywhere , all us states but alaska .
yeah , i also like to travel to other countries all over the world .
i take my paddle board with me when i travel . that is my favorite hobby .
i will eat that sometimes after i finish swimming in the lake .
do your kids like it too ?
you must like big families . i like traveling too much to have kids right now .
hello , how are you doing ?
great ! i am currently working on a piece of furniture . i enjoy building it .
what kind of job do you have ? if i need extra money , i clean a few houses .
oh , my father recently retired from the police force .
thank you ! have you ever had any interesting experiences ?
once , i was in a store and was held hostage during a robbery !
it was target . it was really scary .
hey what are you up to today ?
oh beaching ? wish i was on the beach . . in my flip flops . too cold here
chicago . . chilly breezy day . think i will bake some brownies lol
and where is that ? i like a variety
okay i do love florida but could never stay there !
too much sun brings out my freckles . . where are u moving to
okay , moving for football ? i have never been there
hello , it your turn to dance . shall we rumba ?
tiny dancer in my hand . . . .
i fed him to my favorite animal the mako shark
the color of the shadows
mmm hair color is vastly eternally uninteresting . read any good books lately ?
fun i could never be a zombie , or do you think vegetarians can eat brain . .
instead of saying brains brains . . . they walk around saying grains grains
sorry , what i was breakdancing on my . . . brain . . . .
if i cant buy it online i do not need it is what i say .
that would still be buying it online !
i just do not like the crowds of stores .
why are you so concerned with what i like .
not shopping in stores is not restrictive . i can go ice skating all winter long
i disagree . my parents practice law and i have dealt with enough .
good morning ! just got finished dropping some donations to charity , what are you up to ?
awe , i get all my breakfast items for free ! if you need anything let me know .
i am a crazy coupon lady !
i shop at stores with my coupons several time during the week , you ?
i shop at stores with my coupons several time during the week , you ?
that is so interesting , what kind of games ?
wow , you must have like no time at the end of your day . . those are time consuming .
hi how are you today
i wish my mom and dad would let me play all day but i cant
are you depressed my mommy gets like that sometimes cause dad works a lot
oh i am sorry . i just turned 10 my party had a lot of guests
i have a dog and cat they are my favorite animals
yes we do that is cool . i have so many friends maybe you could be one too
yes a few of them do i play on their computer . my mom teaches math
yeah i always pass my math tests
hello ! i would like to get to know you . tell me something strange about yourself .
kinda strange , but would come in handy for a dui check .
my favorite activities are pretty boring . i do have a dad living in china .
i have not been anywhere . my favorite place to be is taking a bath or exercising .
a parish wedding is wonderful ! i am jealous because it is just me and my boxer dog .
my hair is also red . maybe you should invite me to the wedding for solidarity !
good to know you lance . my name is sword .
hi . . how is yr weekend going ?
nothing interesting . . browsing social media
there are some good cooking shows in netflix . . chopped is good
i like that too . . its really cut throat . . the drama
aaa . . what do u do fr living ?
i work as a chef . . ia m close to being a millionaire
that is my speciality . . the cuban sandwiches
how are you doing tonight ?
i am watching halloween cake wars on television
i am almost 40 i like to go shopping
i love to remodel homes so i go shopping a lot
oh wow how did that go ?
oh wow i am sorry what happen ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am single parent of two girls .
yea she left me for some dude . i deserve better !
hi there , how are you ?
oh my , i am sorry . i sell cosmetics part time and i can help with fundraising .
i do not take vacations . i have two sons i raise by myself .
i am a special ed teacher so that helps with the bills along with selling the cosmetics .
thank you . i often psychoanalyze my friends , ha ha . its just something i do .
ll . please let me know if i can do anything with the cosmetic fundraising .
that sounds great . anything to help out .
hello names bill whats your name ?
i am great just got done taking my dogs out how about you
that is awesome i have a cat too any other animals ?
wow i am sorry , yea trains are cool why ?
that is sick i own a cattle farm so most of my times spent there
no other free times spent with the wife and kids lol you ?
that is awesome , we need more of you around the farm lol
for girls not that popular so cool you got in to it
hello how are you doing today , my name is jeff
what kind of hobbie do you have
that si good to hear , i love watching movies and make people laugh, but I wish I had pursued a career in comedy instead of boxing.
yes indeed , it is a good thing , enjoy it a lot
i am a professional boxer and love would like to work as a clown
wow , at least you will receive your pension .
yeah , i will soon be there , in a couple of years
oh how i wish i could be on the beach right now reading
good . i am salad and beans since i am vegetarian
awe whats wrong
oh no . just think about cute pandas . that always makes my happy
ll well that is what happens when you do not swipe left .
i am sure your 4th 5th and 6th will love you too
just come to my new juice bar . you will meet a nice lady
hello , how are you tonight ?
you are very welcome . i am going to go read soon .
i work at the hotel down the street , you should come visit me .
that would be so nice , we can have lunch in the atrium .
that would be wonderful , i cannot bake .
no , i watch my nephew . he and i love chicken nuggets and reading harry potter .
no one is ever too old for harry potter !
i have one dog , sirius . he was named after a harry potter character .
good morning , how are you
i am a plumber such a dirty job but somebody gotta do it
i bet , tell me where you go ? i volunteer with my son
i can speak several languages
french english german an spanish
what kind of fighting do you like ? i am an award winning 4h
lol what ? okay then i guess
lol okay lol i think
my job is pet medicine . and you ?
the man i am married to works in law .
yes . i also really like roses . what do you like ?
that is neat . my two children spend a lot of time with our cats too .
my kids are 10 and 12 .
i enjoy jazz . and you ?
oh cool . i have been to a few concerts .
only once . do you like them ?
hey how is life going ?
oh that sounds like a handful . hopefully they are down for the night ?
ah that is better than my plans of going to a park and swordfighting lol
haha sometimes . do not think it would be legal for me to do it in reality
i am a girl i could outdrink any man in mountain dew at least haha
well that is good for you . drinking is not the healthiest thing in the world
haha true . i love getting drunk and watching alien movies
hi , i am great at playing pool do you play ?
oh that is nice i teach art in a middle school .
believe in unicorns ? i did as a child , and still do as an adult .
on my bucket list , i would like to write a book .
yes , that is true . do you have any pets ?
i have 5 dogs , 4 cats , fish and chickens
yes , we live on a farm .
enjoyed the chat , take care .
all this rain is killing me . where is the sun ? ?
maybe , but not so good for golfing
it is good to set a poetic mood i guess
i write poetry . animals are not my focus , though
peta does not like me lol . i am a bit of a hunter
nothing wrong with hunting . i am even the head of my local gun club
i am not cruel . i even donate to the homeless a lot
i would never eat dirt lol . i do love animals , i just eat them too
hello . i hope you do not eat meat .
you would be a murderer . as a vegan , i feel obligated to protect animals .
well , that is a start , to be sure . do you have any pets ?
i have a german shepard , beagle , and poodle . along with a bengal and sphynx cat .
never lonely , and i would never drink their milk . you should not either .
you do not want to get fat , either . i ride my bike every morning for twenty miles .
so you only gain weight improperly ? interesting .
sorry for your malady . i hope that you will be able to survive .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great , just listening to some music .
mostly old rock , country is my least favorite .
i am actually a high school teacher . what about you ?
nice . i like to dress up in thigh high leather boots and a skirt .
being almost 6 feet tall i had to buy a new truck .
true that . my favorite is a ford , has a lot of room .
hello , how are you doing today ?
nice , i am not athletic . the most exercise i get is walking my dog !
that is fantastic . how old are you ?
cool . i also have a pet lizard , do you have any pets ?
do you ever cook for your team ?
haha , i would say that counts ! i love making food for others .
as long as they like your goalie skills that is all that matters !
well i hope that continues ! i need to get back to caring for my mother soon .
hi , how are you ? want to watch titanic ?
i have 2 kids that are 2 and 6 that is as close as i can get ha
mensa know better . but i work part time , so i may be wrong
are you a married person ? my husband is at his auto repair shop .
what languages ? it matters a great deal how things are translated , many words ideas are not translatable . .
what iq requirement exists form one language to another . . . interesting
so do you wanna watch titanic ?
hey hey hows it going today ?
doing great ! just had some amazing pizza for lunch .
as a science teacher . . just finishing up my lunch break . where do you work ?
oh cool ! what type of work are you looking for with that ?
that would be a fun job for you then .
i live with my mom , after she got cancer . but she is all clear right now .
boo i would never want to be that far . i could not even do out of state
that is worth it then ! i almost moved for grad school .
hello there how are you ?
same here , where are you located ?
i hope your area gets rain soon . if not head to seattle
i drink a lot do you
it helps me to stop thinking , thinking makes me uncomfy
i am always drinking and cannot keep a job
yes but i am to blame , what do you like to do to relax ?
that sounds better than drinking , which is something i do constantly
hello , how are you ?
i am doing great too ! i received an internship at the library !
i am hoping to be a librarian , i already have the cat eye glasses .
that would be so cool , thank you ! what does she do ?
that is too bad . what about you ?
i love video games ! my eyes are that laser green , or so i have heard
battlefront is my current fave .
hi how are you doing
i am an electrician what about you
that is cool what kind of places do you fly to
yeah but i do not get to travel a lot
i work a lot and do not have a lot of free time
travel i do like to run on the weekends
in the parks near my house
no i do not have time for pets
hello how is your evening
awesome . i speak english and spanish .
cool . i am in high school but no school till we get back home
started 10th , school is ok . where you live
i like science and want to be an orthodontist ever since i got my braces .
getting there . they hurt though .
hey , whats up ? you doing anything fun ?
i cannot watch anything . i broke my glasses and cannot even play my video games .
i have six cats ! something to do while i wait for my new pair .
ll . . . i do not like green . i love black or purple .
no , but i guess i could try wearing my prescription googles .
pretty much . i cannot even tell my medications apart without my bifocals .
i like my hair that is pink
that is good too i guess
i am 24 , what about you ? and i live in michigan
do not be sad . i can give you tips about good health . i am a nurse
take honey daily , but i get allergies when i hear of bees
do you like them at all ?
wow . i am the very most younger child of the family . and you ?
not at all . why do you think so ?
do you have any kids ?
how many kids do yo have ?
what are your hobbies you like to do ?
have you ever been attacked by one ?
do you make clothes out of the animals ?
what did you have for dinner ?
i ate some turkey wings .
hi ! how are you today ?
not much . i am trying to open my own grocery store right now . you ?
oh , wow . i have a degree in marketing . what are you studying ?
cool . right now i do volunteering .
firefighter ! it is dangerous , but cool . do you volunteer ?
oh , cool ! i still live at home . how old are you ?
sometimes ! that is my favorite part .
it is ! i really like animals , too ! your volunteer work is much appreciated .
hi . i am currently browsing through youtube videos . you ?
i do not know about that lol . my dad works at an ad agency .
do you know how to dance with dolphins ? they are my favorite animal .
do you have any hobbies other than dancing ?
ll . that does sound fancy . i will give you that .
do you play video games ? i like to make lets plays videos for youtube .
i am about as fancy as fancy feast . just ask my cat .
well that is not fancy at all .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great , thanks ! i am a very old lady !
it sucks . i live in an old peoples home . it is not that great .
they are 5 miles away , they do not visit ! ! !
i know , but i like to bake .
cookies , brownies , pies , you name it !
i can bake fish too !
i like salmon and snapper ! what is your favorite ?
since i have gotten older , i get angry very easily .
do you have family ? they are the only people i am not mad with .
my wife passed years ago . do you hang out at bars ?
i observe people at the bar . a real-life movie . what movies ?
i appreciate the feel of a good book being 82 . you like your work ?
i do not . i am 82 . past my prime . i will die alone .
i have friends at the bar i walk to . you should come with me .
hello ! what is your favorite pie ?
that is not a real pie silly . i make awesome pecan .
ya . what are you doing today ?
i do not have a garage . my apartment is not worth the price they are charging .
city . i should go pass the bar so i can afford a better place
that would be interesting . did you go to school for that or is it entry level ?
true . I wish I had the time to take up self-defense classes like my sister.
good afternoon , how are you today ?
so far so good for a hurricane coming at us .
well , i am a gardner . . . . love being outdoors . you ?
i travel at times . . . . like to fish when i get to areas with lakes .
i do it work for a computer company .
very cool ! i predominantly build computers .
hi what are you up to today ?
oh no fun i am watching my childhood hero . . superman !
every day as a child ! i am amazed as his flying ability . even though i hate heights
lol what do ponies inspire you to do
yes , very pretty animals ! but i am more into snakes , and spiders
they creep everyone out lol . maybe that is why i am always cheated on by ex girlfriends
every girlfriend except one , has been a cheater . maybe creeped out
i agree , some women i tell ya ! i think I have a good one now
i cannot believe a new taco truck come by my house once a week .
well my brother does not like to cook , so food trucks save the day .
once my parents died , my older brother had to work .
should i pick you up at home or at the museum ?
yes , but i need you to tell me where to park ?
is that a safe spot ? i worry for you and for me ,
okay , hopefully we can find a new food truck to stop for dinner , cannot wait .
what time do you get off work ? wish okay
hi i am kyle ! whats going on today ?
oh cool ! multiple cakes ? what kind of flavors ?
yum ! i have a long beard so sometimes cake crumbs get stuck in there . smh
that is so cool ! do you have a name picked out for the bakery yet ?
hmm . . . man i cannot think of any ! i am not that creative ! lol
i work in bike repair shop . riding bikes has been my passion forever
it is ! i have weekends off too , so i can watch football . my other passion lol
that is cool . surfing for anything in particular ? lol
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
no , sorry . i have been practicing basketball .
i graduated college with a basketball scholarship . what did you go for ?
21 . that is hebron james number .
i had to have knee surgery a few months ago , my walking cast was in caps colors
i do not like talking on the phone , never did . i prefer to text .
as long as you do not get cat scratch fever from doing so .
hi , what is going on with you today ?
i do not know . maybe if i could fish every day . would you ?
no but that sounds amazing . i mostly listen to music , lame .
i have 5 cats . love animals . are you married ?
haha . my mother calls me every day to see if i found anyone yet .
she would not know how to do that . where do you work ?
as a paramedic , i am not fond of pools . seen too many accidents .
i agree . i can forget about it sometimes listening to music . rap .
what are you up to ?
i wish i had some money . i do not have a job
good luck ! i do marathon swimming
that is great . what do you look like ?
it is okay . i do not have hair . so we all look funny
my least favorite food is tacos . but i absolutely love chocolate milk
no animals . i lost my hair when i was 30
i am in my middle ages . i do not like to say my age
hello , how are you ?
oh no i am so sorry !
do you have any friends to talk to ? i have alot of friend .
i lean on my friends a lot . one friend taught me to drive .
i am to busy working at the radio station to get married .
i cannot see so we are a pair .
i have a cane that helps me out .
hi there
nothin much sitting in bed watching a movie on hulu
that is nice where did you go on a hike ?
how is the weather in portland ?
its good right now fall is about to start in two weeks
wow that is nice must be a very exciting job
i work as a teacher assistant with little children
i work fulltime at daycare center
hi , want to get to know each other ?
i love video games , what are your hobbies ?
it does not ? what do you do ?
you should complain . i have an office job but they treat me fair
when ever i get stressed i visit the state park , you could try that
well it is where all the cool people hang out
well keep putting yourself out there . there is someone for everyone
you have to stand up for yourself
oh my god , what am i doing
studying , trying at least , 5 children and i decided to go get my bachelors
help mom read , help mom write , help mom be quiet , they are so silly
yeah i am an only child , this is fun . so whats for dinner ?
maybe . you were not this type of child ?
agreed , where are you going for xmas ? oh , are you not christian ? ?
oh , great aunt that sounds cute
that is so nice , are you going to wear a silly sweater ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
how do you like law
i love steak especially before a game
i work out a lot too
i do not have time for games
i like basketball . it is relaxing .
it is my job too
that sounds great . i like washington .
hello , whats going on today ?
i am getting my nails done with my french bulldog , fifi von trixibelle .
every dog should have a mani pedi !
definitely ! though , i guess it is just a pedi pedi .
is it a check up or is something wrong ?
that is terrible . i am sorry to hear that .
i am glad your chihuahua is okay
hello there ! how are you doing ? i just got home from school .
good , thank you ! do you have any hobbies ?
whats your favorite movie ? mine is my little pony .
that is cool . i should eat less sweets .
what is your all time favorite food ?
japanese is my favorite ! ! sea food is my second favorite .
crab legs and shrimp . just got endless shrimp at red lobster last night !
i cannot wait for winter again .
i can sing barbershop in the snow again . . . I wish I could join a barbershop quartet with you in the snow.
my blue eye will make you stop on your scooter when i rap .
napping while watching basketball is what we must do , now !
blue eye . that is all you need to know .
detroit , deep in the hood . and , i cannot wait for winter . . .
hello there . hows your day going so far ?
just watching the kids . getting dinner ready and whatnot .
one is 9 and the other is 12 .
only with our 12 year old . she tends to drop things a lot .
no . the closest to an instrument that i have is my wheelchair, I wish I could play bass like you.
scary movies . i love watching those along with crime thrillers .
what kind of music do you like ?
ooh , those are the good bands to hear . they are legends .
hi , how are you doing ?
great , just came from a hike
cool . i love wearing my pink boots to the appalachian trail
what kind of dog do you have ?
cool . i have just a pet goldfish lol
exactly but i guess it is because you have to take care of them
listen to folk music , hike camping . you ?
hey there how are you today ?
i like stamps an i want to learn to fly planes
yes i just have 1 small 1
aw what was the last 1 ? what is your fav colors ? mine yellow
cool , the other i like is teal . i work with the dead .
mortician , like movies ? dirty harry ?
yes i do , do you like your job ?
so tell me more about you
i love movies . do you ?
i do . i am a chef right now , though , and have little time for one .
i wish i had one .
of course they are not real .
to open my own restaurant .
i know . i love to cook .
i think i am ok .
hi ! i want to be a football player .
when i have time and my mom lets me .
i have one dog . i want to go to the one direction concert .
its a concert . my mom will not take me .
she has a game that night . she is a pro tennis player
i do not know . she does not tell me things like that .
my school work , what i want to eat , how my nanny treats me .
hi , how are you today ?
i love the beatles , how about you ?
that sound so fun ! do you have a big family ?
i do not like my siblings , how is your relationship with your sisters ?
that is too bad , must be hard .
that is really great , work is not my thing .
no . i have never been able to keep one for very long , i am shy . I wish I could play the piano like you.
that is a good idea , i have not . what do you do ?
hi how are you today
be careful it is raining
fair enough do you work
i do not work i drink a lot
all the time i feel awkward when i do not
because drinking loosens me up
yes i get so uncomfortable
yes since i started drinking
i like beets . how about you ? what is your favorite vegetable ?
that is cool . i prefer bear to beef , but they are close .
wow . i sell paper . might i show you my samples ?
ok . have you seen the art work on that show battlestar galactica ?
yeah , i love it . you should check it out , get some drawing ideas .
hmmm , that is interesting . do you draw bears ? i love bears .
yes they are . i like turtles too , of course . but bears are the best .
yep . you should draw some bears , and start a website . i would visit often .
hi , how are you today ?
i am very sorry to hear that . how long ago was she diagnosed ?
that is great to hear ! what a special time for you two , although , i realize tragic .
that helps , i am sure . what type of business do you own ?
is she able to participate and remain active ?
what style of dance do you offer ? do you teach it or employ dance teachers ?
interesting ! i work in banking . not much artistic talent required .
indeed . it was interesting speaking with you today . i will keep your family in my thoughts .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great . just got done at the gym for today .
oh really ? do you have any hobbies ?
i do not play games , but i do love to read . autobiographies are my favorite .
i have never been . i might be active , but i would rather stay home with my cat .
oh really ? i do not think i have an actual favorite color .
i live in ca .
do you have a favorite band ? i love metallica .
hi how are you tonight
that sounds like a great night . i just played the beta for a new video game
yeah it is coming out around thanksgiving so they released part of it for a preview
i still play mario brothers from time to time . what do you do for a living
i am a teacher and really love it . your job sounds cool
i teach science in new york city
it makes me nervous at times too
oh i am sorry to hear that .
i love italian food and going to concerts . what is your favorite food ?
i would like to go but no places here in pittsburgh where i live
just a dull boring life as a librarian here . i love chocolate too
i go to a lot of concerts but geocaching sounds fun too .
life is never dull and the animal shelter where i volunteer .
you should adopt one from the animal shelter
a librarian and a psychologist . we can solve the worlds problems
he might eat my favorite italian food but chocolate is not good for dogs
hi , i am bob . i am a retired vet
thank you , i have been out for a while trying to get resettled i just got a camper
i am a truck driver . no family . wife cheated on me in the war . what about you ?
take advice , exercise a lot . i try to at least 4 times a week . keeps ya young
i hear ya . its tempting for me to sit around at watch my favorite football game
yes ! that counts . i would fall on my rear if i tried to skate
i stay on the road a lot , but always love a good game of bowling
i am took old for my dreams i feel . . i guess retire and relax
hello , please tell me a bit about yourself ? i tend not to trust anybody .
i always wanted to be a police officer , but i hate trying new things .
i really like going to the library , so i can be alone with my thoughts .
that is true , these days i feel like i have to compete with every woman .
i never feel good enough , and always feel like everyone is watching me .
what do you like to do for fun ? do you like to travel ?
i used to travel a lot , but now i mostly just watch tv .
hi . i just got back from my teaching job . whew , 26 kids in my class . yikes
kindergartners are cute , but tiring .
must be a bit of a rat race some days . did you go to college ?
i finished in 2016 . graduation was rewarding .
kayaking is fun . it is a lot more peaceful that my weekdays . and you ?
jazz is calming . i like that too .
big city ! i am from the midwest . small town nice .
hi how are you doing
do you like to go to the beach
that is nice do you like to read
haha what is your cat's name
no but i am thinking about getting one soon
wow i really want a dog
what do you do for a living
hi . how are you doing ?
good . i will do my best to help us get this done fast . haha .
i do . two bearded dragons , two cats , and two fish .
yeah i tend to take in strays . do you like to read ?
me too . but i sure do enjoy dancing too
i am pretty witty though , so people get annoyed with me .
they say i am too quick with responses that they do not get a chance to talk . lol .
hi there . how are you today ?
i have one dog . she is my best friend .
oh cool . i am pretty shy .
do you like to drink ? i do not .
i have never had a drink in my life !
are you content with your life ? i am .
that is good to hear . i sing too much in the shower .
no , i am not that good !
hey there . i am joseph . what is your name ?
i live in california now . originally from kansas . you ?
oh wow . cool . a lot more fun here ! hobbies ?
oh that is so cool . music ? i am kind of a headbanger music lover .
so , ballet ? you wear girly girl clothing . my favorite is my leather jacket .
good choice . my new haircut is spiked . you ?
what do you do for a living ?
interesting . well i actually am heading out to work now . nice talking to you .
want to be my friend ?
kittens are okay . but my pet is a dog
i eat a very special diet . i cant talk about it
i cant talk about food . i make boats though
the island where i live gets a lot of tourist . some of them alone
you could come and visit .
it is very pleasant . do you travel with anyone else ?
i only have room for one guest . if you visit
hi , i am carl . winter is here and i am so glad .
keep running and eating right , i do . get your rest as well .
i am alone as well , i cannot find a good man .
i can ! i also play the banjo . i make a fire and pick all night .
i am single but wish i were married . it is just not happening for me .
i do not have any pets . i need a lazy dog to snuggle with .
i do , mostly country and rock , folk and electronic . you ?
no , i am lazy and sleep till later . lol
i live by myself as a scientist
it is very stressful so guitar is what i play to relief pressure
sure , that is nice , i can cook for you its my hobby
alone , so i try to cook as a hobby and like different types of cuisines
that sounds like fun too , what type of food do you like ?
good idea , it will keep my mind off work too
tofu is very healthy and so is broccoli .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
have you ever been to the states
what part of the states ?
what kind of band is it ?
that sounds like a lot of fun
how are you doing today ?
i used to like to play basketball . that was before charlie . . .
i see . is that your best friend ?
oh i see . well , its nice to be close to family . be close to whoever you can .
not anymore . i used to have one when charlie was around .
my ex-boyfriend . he left a month ago .
we were on and off for eleven years .
i do not know . he just did not see things my way .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing good , just thinking of what i want to create next for my online shop
its a clothing shop
but i also sell other things such as phone cases , purses , jewelry , etc
i also customize things and i could make orange things . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
is there anything particular you are looking for ?
hi ! do you have any pets ? i love my french bulldog
awesome ! what do you have ?
hidings really not my style . i would much rather get my nails done
who bob ross ? he does not sound important .
i am lucky i have my trust fund . i do not have a job right now
i do not know many dudes with afros . i met a nice guy at my debutante ball thought
do you think he paints diamond rings too ? i lost mine at the ball
hello ! how are you today ?
me neither ! but i visit the hospital and doctors offices a lot !
same ! i am able to run really fast , but i would rather have a lazy cat
that sounds like fun ! i will probably take my kid to the park
ahahah i meant lazy cat . my mom is in the hospital . so i have lots of bills
i love books ! especially 50 shades of grey ahahah
hi , i am jacob how are you ?
i have terrible eyesight , can barely see in front of me , so i cannot play
lovely ! my high school sweetheart and i have a lake house .
i wish i could eat fish . had to call 911 last time because it gives me migraines .
wow , impressive . if my eyesight actually worked past 200 fight i would do karate !
i meant to say feet in my last message !
hi , i am just getting home from walking some dogs.
do you want to go to japan with me ?
my bff lives there , i have not ever been though.
i have not ever been to another country .
chicago . way different than new york .
no , do you want to take me ?
can we also get ice cream ?
hello ! it is gorgeous corvette weather here .
cool . i probably got a box from you . mechanics get lots of boxes . lol .
the rental car place ? i love surfing . you ?
musical . cool . California has lots of music people around towns .
i agree . plus , you can bring your dog everywhere .
lol . my German shepherd is named Ike . you have dogs ?
cute ! i like cats too . how old is Kiwi ?
no one is perfect i guess . lol . Ike is 9 . he is getting old.
it is crowded in here all six of my older sisters have dropped by .
does it have chocolate ? i think chocolate it to die for .
perhaps i can try some . my family owns the restaurant i work at . we need more desserts .
do you live in boston ? i am a huge celtics fan .
no but i enjoy walking in the park on campus .
what is your favorite dessert to make ?
how was your weekend , did you have any big plans ?
not too bad , and yourself ?
oh yeah the hurricane seems to be the center of a lot of news footage
i am thankful that i live inland enough to only have gotten some rain
Texas got hit by one too and Houston is still flooded in spots
yes and it looks like there are two more on the horizon, Jose and Katia
hi how are you ? ladylove993 here , the popular youtuber
great , thanks ! ca not wait for christmas , my dad is a pilot and we always visit exotic places
i also have a white cat named leela but yes , i never knew my mom
mine bought me a pink car but i never saw her . . you are lucky !
i am an only child myself . look me up on youtube if you want to see my car !
well , its my only job but i am studying to be an airline pilot like my dad
hello ! how are you today ?
i am excellent , thank you . checking email , about to go to yoga class .
i teach high school english and creative writing . what do you do ?
that sounds interesting ! how do you like freelancing ?
i like to draw , but i am not very good at it . do you have kids ?
i do , my husband and i are the proud parents of 2 teens .
i volunteer a lot . i am inspired by good deeds , you could say .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am ok . sometimes i can take things literally . i apologize ahead of time .
yeah , a few things make me moody which is why i play video games a lot .
that is cool too . i am also a fan of comic books and anime .
i do not work out in a gym . my gay partner and i workout at home .
right on ! i am figuring out how to come out to my parents .
lol . maybe , i love to sketch my favorite characters , maybe they can do it, I wish I could draw like you do.
i am feeling so zen right now
man , have you heard the benefits of mindfulness mediation ? really clears you up
believe me when i tell you that 10 mins of deliberate mindful mediation can change your life .
before you ask , yeah i am pretty much a liberal cliche . vegan , i practice yoga . the whole 9
ll ! i am in good company i guess , lets put you to the test !
how do you feel about medicare for all ?
nice . how about universal basic income ? i think holland is trying it right now
well whad ya know , someone just as much of a hippie dippy as i am . d
been lovely chatting with you but i gig check out dan harris for more on mediation .
hi ! i am nick ! how are you ?
i am great ! i just left a party with my friends ! 30 people showed !
no , just a big group of friends who love to have fun ! the music was awful though .
where do you work at ?
wow that is nuts ! ! what do you do in the little free time you have ?
no i am weird , i do not like movies are music .
mostly just hanging out with friends . i do like to ride on my scooter too !
hi ! i love cooking for my wife .
congrats ! that is really impressive !
i have been married for 10 years now .
one son . my mom used to be a teacher so she is always trying to teach him .
oh those are unique jobs . what do you want to do ?
what sort of store is it ?
maybe i can come visit your store someday .
what sort of deal can you get ?
hi there , how is your day ?
feeling a bit different today . borderline personality disorder , you see
i cope by going into my own universe where everyone else is just a character
yes , especially in the club scene in atlanta and music festivals . i like to party
in the daytime , i am just a regular dental assistant , but in a ritzy part of town
that sounds like fun . what do you do for fun ?
we sound like we would be great friends
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am good . just finished from homework .
i am in a writing class . If I weren't allergic to cats, I would love to breed and show Maine Coons like you.
i love reading poetry and fantasy novels .
yes ! i hope to be a journalist one day .
my mom works in a library . sometimes i help her .
i love florida ! i hope to visit again soon .
i live near the beach in nc .
i love the sun , its so yellow ! whats your favorite color ?
no , its really , really yellow ! do you work ?
well , i dunno . bubbly . . . i am more of a workout fanatic kind of guy .
i am pretty happy most of the time , its true . what do you sell ?
nope , just workouts . i like to workout to videos .
could use one right now , really . its kinda hot here .
no , actually upper midwest . i think we are having indian summer .
what do you like to do ?
i enjoy being on my computer .
i enjoy typing and watching youtube videos .
i am sure you were . if finished college maybe i would be different .
that is good to know . what does your mother do ?
well my mom was a music teacher .
that is good , my go-to movie is the Last of the Mohicans
i like to . no i have never been . maybe one day .
would you mind if i brag about my iphone 7 ?
of course , but just so you know , my mom needs to read me a bedtime story .
well , she only does it because my dad used to work 11 hours everyday .
broccoli is awful , that is why i have allergies to seafood now .
i know , i call them now that i have an iphone 7 .
the yellow labs , they give me advice on seafood allergies .
good day ! hows it going ?
long ! i need a vacation so bad !
i feel you . you should join me then for the journey .
haha burgers are everywhere nowadays , i think that is americas standard
i am thinking cruise , hopefully they clean the rooms well , perfection is key
me either , but i worked loonngg hours for it ! so its deserved !
me too ! well then again . . . we will find out together .
what would you like to do ? carnival cruises have it all . . .
hello , are you going to school ?
yes , i am going back in college too !
i do not really know at the moment , a bit lost but i really like reading
you should try and go on holidays in the country its really relaxing !
oh that sucks , i only have a dog so i can go whenever i want
a boxer , i love it so much
hey there ! i am in a really good mood !
i just bought this car that looks like the ghostbusters mobile .
i bought it as an early graduation present .
i do not think anyone likes spit .
that has to be a bummer .
my mom will not let me !
when i get one it will be of harry potter !
i wrote my entrance exam for florida state on harry potter .
hello
what do you teach
that is cool . i hate math
i like to go rollerblading in the park . you ?
do you do it for exercise or meditation ?
very true .
rollerblading or watching hockey games . i love hockey .
that is awesome . i also spend time on pinterest looking up recipes.
hello , how are you ?
i am a recently single art teacher . glamorous right ?
she just recently left me . a few weeks ago . angry i did not own a tv . shallow right ?
last time i checked , yes .
what did you have for dinner ? curious , i hate pizza so i had pasta
ha , same ! sitting back reading a book now , enjoying the quiet , .
maine . you ?
hi how are you today
it was alright do you like braces ?
nice i got them as well
i bet i would be but i am 15
why is that though eh
i really want to be good at science
yeah i should probably get off the internet
i guess where do you live
hi ! how are you today ?
just fine thank you . i just became a blonde !
no never . i prefer to eat macaroni and cheese
i play a cop sometimes in my video games !
i wo not . for physical activity i do ballet
horses are fine . not my favorite animal
how long have you been riding ?
hi , how are you today ? do you have a hobby ?
nice . i watch tv and eat mac and cheese .
do you have a job ?
for a living, I make cars.
yes , because i only make 30k . i need more money !
do you have a favorite food ?
i stick with my mac and cheese .
occasionally , do you ever make your Chinese at home , or do you always get it delivered ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am always doodling and drawing
what city are you from ?
what do you do for a living ?
what other kind is there ?
do you get paid to do that ?
hello , how are you today ?
that is crazy , did you bet on them or race yourself ?
i do not know what that means , i am sorry .
that is a lot of money , what do you spend it on ?
that sounds amazing . i would open up my own bakery with it .
walking in the park and decorating cakes , especially wedding cakes . you ?
have you ever tried flirting with the people at the stable ?
back from a walk . i love to walk . how about you ?
i have a honda civic , but my best friend lives close , so i walked .
whatever my three children are listening to at the moment . you ?
my grandmother loves country music , and we have the same name . loretta !
whatever my children like best without a fuss . what about you ?
all about the kids , right . what do you do to pass time ?
if any of the pictures that my kids drew were worth , i would be rich !
so , besides drawing in your spare time , what else do you like ?
hello there how are you ?
are you a night owl ? i am
i apologize , i did not know i was conversing with a mortal
what do you like to do for fun ?
i love music . do you like to sing ?
i can sing for the both of us . do you like dancing ?
its great that you dance . its very enjoyable
getting mad is no fun
how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . what is your favorite color ?
do you have any roommates ?
me too . do you have any pets ?
what is your favorite food ?
it is very cold over here too .
where do you like to travel ?
oh wow i have never hear of that island
hi how are you today
pretty well and how about you ?
not much where do you work ?
i do not but my husband works at a repair shop
i move a lot so ink anymore . do you like movies ?
do you have any kids you drummer ?
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
i am trying to figure what to read next . you ?
anything . i am trying to get over my ex .
no , i have not . i prefer art , as i teach it .
currently , metal sculpting and pottery .
everyone can do art , if they find the right medium .
i love science , math not so much .
i think everyone normal does .
hello , how are you doing today ?
fantastic , i am enjoying some light reading of my mysteries .
that is cool ! I work with cops sometimes as I am becoming a lawyer .
wow that sounds scary ! what happened ?
oh good . my older siblings always sheltered me from things like that .
i was on the bowling team when i was in college in chicago, I wish I could design furniture like you do.
wow , impressive ! even on the team i was not that good . i was more of a mascot .
hi , do you like quilt ? i do quilter
classical music is the only music i like
i have my grandchildren and they mean a lot to me
i am current working as pharmacists
oh , cool . do you like cats ?
oh , i have not seen any of those
wow , i should see it then to see for myself
is that for reals ? thanks for the heads up
hi how are you today
i just got back from my 3-mile walk . i have to walk every day
i use to run but i just walk now . do you have any pets
i have 2 dogs a chihuahua and pitt
i love the song found you by kane brown
that is a good song too . i usually listen to country , pop , and rock nowadays
i have a mustang its my favorite type of car
what do you for fun ?
oh that is very cool , can your parrot talk ?
yeah i am an old soul took after mom , inherited her love for dolls too !
why do you say that ? you seem like you are pretty interesting !
no i have not anyone to go with me .
i could definitely see that happening in the future .
well i wait for the day i find my true love via chat . wishful thinking i know .
so , how are ya ? hows the fam ?
i stay put here and help on the farm . been in the family for generations .
oh ya . just finished roasting a duck . duck hunting is my favorite season .
i just run after the cows .
where you from ? i have family in california , but i never been on a plane .
good , good . do they like them tailgate parties ? i sure do .
what do you like to cook ?
bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , and maybe some oreos .
hi how are you today
where do you work at
i want to be a baseball announcer
i would say pizza and you
what toppings then huh yeah
yeah i have 3 jobs then
yeah i want to become a baseball announcer, if I had the chance, I would love to try out for a local baseball team.
yeah i just proposed lately
hello . do you like to read ? i do .
a little bit . i tend to spend more time reading .
i am teaching my dogs to read . they are like children to me .
i adopted all of them . i think it will bring me good karma .
i do not know . i lost track . i have been busy writing a biography .
this biography is about my favorite actor .
her name was gidget , the taco bell chihuahua .
she died in 2009 . i was very sad .
hi how are you today
where do you want to work
oh do you have pets
wow what kinds of pets
wow which is your favorite pet
do you ride on him then
true you need a saddle
yeah and a rhino treat
hey how are you doing
cool great time for it , out playing with my dog percy
wow sorry to hear that , know how that is , good exercise though
nice i am into train sets that my dad has i enjoy the thomas tank engine
cool haha , i enjoy books about trains that is what i want to do when i get older
cool that sounds good not into sports personally
i play with trains as much as possible
hi , how much pepsi can you drink in one day
i do it in the library where i work , i just sit around reading the scary books
horror novels are the best , while eating raw hotdogs
then another librarian pours pepsi in my mouth , vegas
yeah i make almost as a librarian
no wolves , dogs only , not cats
i put the dogs in the oven they taste good extra crispy
hey how are you ? just got back from my daily hike ! !
yea i do some farming so i keep in shape .
i bet ! being a youngest of 4 children i found like to be hectic as well
that is awesome ! i do not travel ever since i got in a car accident and lost my arm
i get by . i was going on spring break after graduating college
that would be great i need to get out of my shell again . where are you from ?
i use to live in texas a place called paris . i would love to go
if you wearing leather then i want to sniff you
i am from the land of owning a bunch of shoes
dogs are awesome almost as cool as my skateboard
did you vote for bernie
i love animals they taste so good
lets go for the high quality dialogue bonus
trump me too maga ! ! ! i am from texas and i am drinking a cold beer
do buddhists smoke weed ever ?
hi , hows it going today ?
i was just outside walking around
i am a security guard , you ?
its so hot outside here , banking inside sounds good !
i am pretty good at chess . ever play ?
what do you do for fun ?
i am on a pearl jam kick lately . you ?
rock n roll is my favorite music
so you have an awesome cat any kind of music rock n roll
yes evening of business school i go there
i travel a lot and i m originally from russia
staying there is plenty to do like asking
well i m not really sure about that i am but ski in
yes and i see places other places to reed s no that is good
yes i don t really follow any certain kind of diet
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing okay . just sat here listening to rock music . its my favorite
speaking of learning , i have been thinking about how i really got to learn how to swim
no , i do not . here is my grandpa serving in wwii and i cant even swim !
that is still awesome . what car you own ? chevy tahoe is what i have . nice family car
oh wow , you run daycare ? that is sweet ? maybe I should bring my kids there
maybe we should just all go get a steak best food in the world
oh , what else are not you telling me ? you seem like you have a successful life
hello my passion is reading horror novels just got done reading
i do not see many movies more of a book person
awesome ! you should take up acting
oh so sorry . you could come to the lake with me and listen to the sounds
that is something i have been interested in
i am an accountant and enjoy reading
wonderful i wish i could do that
hello , there are only 3 toes on my right foot .
why ? in a zoo accident because i am a keeper there .
it did not hurt . whatever , at least have 6 eggs for breakfast every morning .
i would rather believe in my favorite animal , the panda .
i am angry , 3 toed and controlling .
if i eat 42 eggs a week , is that good for me ?
i am 6 foot 3 and 6 foot 8 .
i do love zoos and watching elephants dung .
do you like the village people ? i have a big mustache .
yeah , trying to recover from alcohol , i was a reporter and is retired now
yes , that is my favorite too , i watched in my condo
how much do you paid ?
i am just enjoying my life , not working much now
life is good to be enjoyed , work hard and play hard
i understand , do you work hard too ?
hi how are you doing ?
why what happened to you ?
what do you do for a living ?
is that how you make money ?
what did you used to do ?
what city are you from ?
hi ! i was just reminiscing about my time in beauty pageants .
well in my 20s i made it not miss usa .
sorry i cannot write . i was in the miss usa pageant . i did not win though .
well after not winning i quit pageants and settled down .
i married a corporate attorney and we just had a baby , owen .
thanks . what's your favorite band ? If I could have any superpower, it would be to talk to animals.
hey ! whats up
me too i am really into avenge seven fold right whos your favorite band ?
nice ! ever see them live i work 3 jobs no time
cool whats your favorite show ? mines south park
oh cool
ah like goth ?
so are you single ?
hey there how are you ?
oh man that sounds terrible ! i am glad my clients are usually in restraints
i am a lawyer . but my clients do not take me that serious anymore because of my beard
haha that sucks . i would probably have an easy time hiding them beneath my versacchi suits
yep , i only wear the finest clothes because that keeps people from noticing my baldness .
i have actually been considered it lately , i am guessing you are passionate about tattoos ?
that sounds beautiful , i have that same amount of passion when it comes to comedies
i am pretty smart . i studied at stanford.
i love to eat pizza.
maybe ask my wife and 4-year-old son.
gotta ask my idol Thierry Henry. I wish I could join a professional soccer team like my idol Thierry Henry.
would love to play soccer with her professionally.
that is nice . bet he is lying.
hi , where are you from ? i am from wisconsin it is a rural area
its nice i enjoy the snow because i go snowboarding
i never watched it ! but when i watch movies i eat it with popcorn i love it !
maybe you can get lessons , or try playing a sport like football
that sounds exciting , i have a brother older than me that plays professional football in the nfl
that is good for you
he plays for the dolphins
yea , i love to watch him play , it is a nice change of scenery
hello friend , how are you today
sounds yummy , i just got back from the thrift shop
i got some new cloths , gonna fix them up
oh yes , do you want me to get some for you
ok no problem . when you do you perform
i sew cloths , especial with exotic prints
me too , i like funny movies . where do you perform
i can imagine . i will come and watch you perform next sunday
lol i will bring enough for both of us
thanks your are as well . take care and be safe
hello how are you on this rainy day ?
oh that is good i am studying
college i am studying literature in the states
i could really go for some tacos lol
i am from france . do you enjoy art ?
i am . that sounds like a job lol
i just finished playing with my cat simon . do you have pets ?
really ! ? i love animals . i find them easier to connect to than people .
ll ! i cannot help it . i was home schooled .
i love the names . it sounds like you have a house full . hobbies ?
painting , writing , hiking , and helping out with rescue animals .
i am sorry . i had a dog and cat that passed recently . shadow and merlin .
hey , i just finished walking my golden retriever , how's it going ?
nice ! we opted for a hilly hike and both of us enjoyed it .
understandable . i am indoors all day doing advertising work , need the exercise .
i liked my writing teacher , now i write fiction all the time .
what kind ? the kind where you teach or try to entertain people ?
wow , that would make for some interesting books . how long was he in ?
wow , enjoy that retirement ! my mom who passed away was a nurse for 30 years .
she was in constant pain . she is probably in a better place .
greetings ! how are you ? good day ?
oh no ! did you report it missing ?
es no bueno . you can come work for me !
we can all wear beret hats , then . that is french , right ?
oh . my bad . hope no offense was taken . . . i am a country woman .
ha ! not ignorant , just not always politically correct in social situations .
good news . i bought a ford f 150 for the ranch i run .
ha ! i thought i was getting a good deal at the time . . . it was used .
hello ! how are you today ?
i am glad youre happy ! positivity is a must is not it
you are an artist ? how swell ! tell me about your inspirations
woah , that is so interesting ! i used to run as fast as a bobcat before . . well . .
i had a freak track accident . now i basically live at the hospital . .
my mom had a heart attack while i was running hurdles . saw the whole thing .
it affects me , not physically though . but you have to stay positive , right !
how are you doing today
did you go for a walk
i like fall and spring
i bet that you do
i like to work outside and explore new things
what is it like there
that sounds very pleasant and peaceful
that is great . i do not like conflict.
how are you doing today ?
well , i am listening to kid rock , and painting my room purple
do they ? i have tried in and out , but i never thought is was that great !
how often do you go ?
i do not drink either . i just do not like it !
do you ? i think i am ok with 6
10 hours is quite a long time , and i do not think i could do that !
hello how are you today
i am doing okay what do you like to do for fun
i like to bake especially brownies . what game are you in
skydiving seems to be fun a friend of mine has done it once
sounds like you have your life on the right path
no i do not wish i did . do you
i am scared of snakes . where are you from
hello there , how are you ?
not so bad , just doing some wedding planning !
i have never watched star trek , is it good ?
i like music , but do not watch much tv
most of my free time right now is spent wedding planning . what do you like ?
cool . what do you do with the railroad ?
that still sounds like fun . i write , freelance . only planning my own wedding
it is , but it is fun . mostly magazines , couple of times a newspaper
hi there . how are you ?
oh wow . i am sure you are busy !
i am good . got a pie in the oven .
i work at a restaurant too . cooking is my profession and passion .
a french one ! i love to travel too .
as crazy as this sounds , i love china !
i have not been since last year though . i like sports .
haha . i like to run , but not big on contact sports .
hello what are you up to ?
i am just wasting time until my cna practical class starts . cooking some pasta .
my a nursing student , my practical is at a hospital
yes , an easy enough mistake but very different
that is why i want the nurse , to help people
hockey sounds cool are you on a team ?
that is an interesting combo . does dance help with hockey ?
good balance is important at the hospital too .
hi , how are you doing today ?
my name is jim and you ?
not on a regular basis . i am more into doing things myself . you ?
well cannot say we have that in common unfortunately . do you like music ?
i like all kinds of music , but Steely Dan the last few days .
Walter Becker, the guitar player dies a few days ago so revisiting .
good evening , hows it going ?
same , i am on bed rest for the next 5 months of my life so thank you internet !
i have kids lol , got three already and 2 on the way . . .
yeah , i agree those were fun when i had time , now there a thing of my past .
you should call the dog whisper , should set him straight .
that is a pet peeve of mine , one of the reasons i prefer cats
do you ever plan to have an actual kid ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
what are you training for ? i am just feeding my pet lizard gila .
that sounds interesting , what would you explore ?
i love purple , close to blue . do you have children ? i have one .
fair enough , i was an only child so i wanted a big family .
yes . what color eyes do you have ? mine are brown .
sounds beautiful . i love nature , outdoors and plants .
hello how are you doing ?
where are you from originally ? good thanks .
i am german born but my parents are puerto rican and chinese . cool .
what kind of band . anything like prince loved him ! wow really ?
think mixed races are the most beautiful . especially chinese mixes .
what kind of songs do you write ?
that is great . do you tour too ?
was just listening to some blues earlier . lost love music .
hi how are you doing
do you have a long weekend
that is great do you have pets
i have cats they are pretty easy to take care of
are you a fan of halloween
cool it gives me an excuse to eat candy
yeah that is the best part
are you the lady i gave my number to last night ?
oh , i guess not . i was so hoping you were her . i think i fell in love .
my friends say i am a hopeless romantic . i cannot help but love easily though
i dropped out of college 5 weeks ago . it was too much for me .
i will do my best , i promise .
i should . i wonder if the radio has a station ? i live in my car now .
is that what you do ? i will try .
it is just a little foreign thing . i park on the outskirts of la though .
hey there , how are you doing today ?
sounds like fun , i am enjoying my vacation away from my restaurant .
russian my mother taught me . are you fishing ?
after my mother died when i was 18 cooking became mine .
yep , i decided to keep bringing her home cuisine alive . where do you work
i bet you make some pretty structures . do you like it
sounds a lot like cooking
hello , what is your favorite thing to do ? i like the beach
yes , pandas and reading and the beach , what is his name ?
as a vegetarian , i find my mood is stable , i want to start a juice bar
thou shalt not whine , go to the beach , read and do some juicing
play with kenny , go to the zoo and panda watch , eat vegetarian , exercise
sorry about your back , still , no whining . just makes it worse , good idea on training
will you be suing your company for injury ?
my prefered thing to eat is spaghetti
i really like to assist other folks
i stopped working so i can be with my hubby and assist folks
i reside in a farming area
i am a female of later years
i love to gorge on penne
my home is in a farming community
hello what fun things are you doing today ?
i often go on a hike with my dog in the afternoons
i write short stories mostly fiction , thinking of writing one on mexican food
whats your favorite place to get burritos ?
i have done some advertising work for taco bell , what do you do for a living ?
that sounds interesting what should i watch on netflix ?
i like documentaries and suspenseful series
i have a dog he is a pug
he is so loyal he would like that
his name is free and we live in ny
congrats to you . i love the local shopping i can do here
true i do not really go out much
it is and i study law so i know
i love playing in the park also
hello . how are you ?
not bad . enjoying a beautiful day here in colorado .
i have my own business . gotta but that mba to work . and you ?
what is your favorite animal ?
hardware . i am also a home owner . do you own yours ?
owning is great . do you have a family ?
no . just single . spend a lot of time travelling in my blue car .
oh . i love meat . and pizza .
hi i love capes i have one
i love steaks their awesome
yeah i love movies all kinds
yeah i like music i love it when they put music in movies
i like to pretend that i am a super hero
me and my buddy love to pretend we are super heros
yeah it was super fun, if I could have any superpower, I would choose to fly like a superhero
good evening . how are you ? i am beat from baking and cooking .
oh very cool . i enjoy traveling but i think i would like to try that .
right on ! do you have pets ? i have a dog . i love dogs .
wow ! impressive to have that many people .
that is very cool . back when i lived on the beach my neighbor was into that .
i loved it back when i was younger .
it is . i miss scuba diving too .
i use to photograph sharks in the keys .
hello , how are you today ?
hi . pretty good , i just came in from surfing .
i like to cook , not red meat though . i hate it .
no , i do not . they would prevent me from watching sunsets out in the ocean .
i do not . not sure if i ever will .
i am 28 . i do not feel the need to reproduce , the planet is already strained .
no , it is not . i have studied extensively on this subject .
hi , glad we can chat . who am i talking with ?
i am doing good . i am tired i just finished hockey practice .
yeah i am really into sports . between field hockey , soccer and school its busy .
what do you like to do ?
i want to be a vet when i am done with school
i hope so . you mentioned nirvana . have you been to india ?
oh . lol ! no , i want to .
what is wrong with your car ?
hi i am in canada where are you
that is cool want to go shopping
everything my parents are from japan
no i grew up in usa
japan and usa usually how about you
i am not far from there
i drink both on occasion
that is good lets go tea shopping, I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional karate fighter.
hi . i am fat . i need sleep
yeah . but not today . i like the gym
slacker . school is cool . remember that
music is cool . i like french vanilla coffee
eating and petting my cat named cow
black and white . and rainbow colored
it is a boy , and he is magical
hi mark is my name what is yours
yes but i could never drive nice one
i live deep in the heart of chicago
my neighbors scream and fight all hours of night
makes me want to drop out since my school no better
metal detectors and people bully me about my parents
my ankle is metal pins and mom has cancer
they bully me about it she is next she is next first dad bailed now her
hey how are you ? i am still at work
sears . i sell washers . i wish i was a journalist
seattle . you ? i am over over here blasting red hot chili peppers
well come visit me . i have a cute french bulldog
i am there . i can pack light . i am small person so i can fit anywhere
this these small size 6 feet lol , yup
i graduated from college with a journalism degree
what about you ? tell something about you
hi there . how are you doing today ?
having a tea and taking it easy ! how about yourself ?
oh ? what do you do ?
i am self employed . what kind of animals do you see in your practice ?
i like most kinds of animals . sounds like a cool job .
i actually have a pet cockroach !
it is more of a creature of interest than a cuddle buddy , but people do keep them
hi how are you my girl just left me
its ok she left because i do not like pizza
i just like to eat fish while i read
i like that too i do not even have a tv because i am never inside
that sounds like fun i am a teacher
art i like it because it is easy
that is true i enjoy reading a lot
hello , how are you tonight ?
where are you ? home or out ?
that sounds very nice . do you like to read books ?
do you like to go to your local library ? i do , but sometimes i buy books online
i am a loner , so i like buying things online
just wondering . . . are you a man or woman ?
i am a woman . . . i
hi how are you do you like creed
i only eat meat do you
wow my father lived on a boat until he went to prison
i get welfare i do not like it but have to do what i have to do
that sounds very nice do my hair please
mine is blue its my favorite color
yes it is like an electric blue
hi , how are you ? tell me about you
i love to surf , and enjoy the snow
i do , i enjoy music when i am not working and saving all i can for college
lol gotcha , do you like movies ? i love robert deniro movies
that is awesome , what else do you like
i do blue and pink , u ?
red head . . i like it
yo , hows it going dude ?
oh , sorry . i did not mean any disrespect miss .
good . i just finished a nice evening of godfather and some root beer .
oh , i watch it all the time . what do you like ?
oh i like video games too . much better than the outside .
oh , that is better than me . i just have me , my tv and candy .
hey how are you doing ?
oh yes all good its getting kind of late
i do them all the time for the fill in fluff time
oh yes i love making german food
my parents both had red hair and loved german food
we eat all kinds of meats and cabbages and vegetables .
if you eat enough yes , lpl i can speak german , do not like to tho
how are you doing today ?
i am doing alright , a bit stressed but alright .
oh i cannot stand messes , but my wife is always bring home clutter .
lucky you . it makes so much dust it messes up my allergies .
yeah but then i have to scrub my skin so hard i go almost red .
they are both retired now .
hi , my name is martha . i am named after my grandmother . you ?
do you have any kids ? i have three .
i work with my best friend who lives just down the street .
do you drive to work ? i have a honda civic .
where do you work at ?
we sell homemade items online .
hello ! how are you ?
i cant complain these college courses are kicking my butt though
working on a biology degree . are you a graduate ?
yeeees ! maybe business owner ?
that is amazing ! i make customized items
are you into books ? my fave is 1984
hello i am going to paris with my one sister for the new years
i am great . tell me about yourself
i sew for my labradors . i love them so much
yes i do . what do you do for a living ?
i am a pharmacist . i love my job
lol i get that all this time here in my hometown san francisco
yes they do but i say no to them lol
yes but i give away all the heart meds to those who can't afford it
hi how are you today
that is great what kind is your favorite to eat
sounds like you are having a fun day
i have dogs 2 german sheppards
their names are katana and roscoe
that is a cute name . do you like music
i like rock music its the only kind i listen to
hi , how are you tonight ?
well , i just got back from a roller coaster !
that sounds interesting ! i am starting a job next week !
it is a construction site !
what genre of writer do you want to be ?
is being surrounded by books hard ?
what kind of books are they ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
oh my gosh , me too . i have been making scary scarecrows .
i am a cat lover , maybe go as a feline .
i had two growing up and 9 now . not enough space to list .
my male cat is name sparky jamison .
females are ester , toaster , katie , kissy , sammie and missy .
after so many you run out of original names .
hello do you need your hair done ? i am having a sale at my shop .
i would love to give you a cut . i also do hair color mine is purple .
i have been married for 1 year now .
i spend too much time in the shop says my better half .
that is a good idea . they will not be so mad all the time .
we love sushi . we would make it a date night .
i want a big family and some dogs .
hello how are you tonight
i am great can i help you with anything i would love to
no i would rather eat pasta if you want
i would love that i live in a deserted area so the change would be nice
yes i love it how about you
helping people and eating pasta
lexus and what kind do you drive
they really are i can not wait to buy one
hi ! how are you today ?
i live with my grandparents so i have to take care of them .
when i do have time i sing in the choir .
just what we sing in the schools chorus , you ?
teaching is a very noble thing .
that is alright , dealing with chakra is noble too . p
hi , what are you up to ?
oh sounds exciting ! i am just reading at the park , my favorite hobby
sounds like a good time ! friends are pretty rare for me . .
well i am in a wheelchair . . is that a problem ?
oh definitely ! i love some old school video games . what do you play ?
hey me too , i love racing games
oh , do you live near a lake or ocean ?
no , i was in a bad accident that left me paralyzed from the waist down
hi , how are you doing today ?
not so hot . just sent my car to be fixed at the garage .
do you live in the city ? this was my second crash . ran into a tree .
haha . i would rather stay home and watch tv .
i love all kinds of food . and water too . my lifelines . you ?
nice . i need coffee for studying . working on getting a degree .
business . parakeets ? how cool . i do not have any animals .
hey ! have you ever seen the movie django unchained ? i love it .
lol that is talent right there . maybe you should rock climb , its great !
i like weird al . love blasting his music while in my honda civic .
that is real cool . could be have a long walk on the beach while eating fries .
that is some good exercise though .
lol that is super cool .
my name is jefferson and i am from the north . i love the cold .
yeah , we already have snow and i love it . not much country music . do you like it ?
that sounds like fun . i work in public affairs so i know a lot about that .
no . i do work as a national guard officer though , so i save people .
i wish i was an animal , so i would not worry about eating too much fast food .
my wife is a vegan . she is the reason my car is a 2011 volkswagen passat .
no , it is too old to be an electric car , but i want to buy one .
absolutely , i appreciate all genres of music .
i like electronic and classical music .
i just brought home my third dog . do you have any pets ?
well i need to take blood sugar everyday . i do not eat enough sugar i guess .
i much prefer winter myself .
i love playing the drums and am great at it ! do you play any instruments ?
nice . i have to workout soon . i hate it but i need to keep my weight down .
tell me about it . i usually ride my bike .
jogging through the park can be relaxing .
hello , how are you today ?
great , thank you . where are you from ?
i am from nashville . what do you do for a living ?
interesting . i work in academia at the local university . do you have any hobbies ?
nice . i like to spend time on the weekends at the farmers market .
i also like to play music when i have the time .
me too . but i am also committed to the environment . are you ?
that helps the environment too !
hello there ! how are you today ?
i am fine . what is happening
cats are ok i guess
that is very funny friend
my mom is great . thank you for asking
i do not have any siblings
it can be boring at times
Egypt sounds fun . that is cool
men love my eye color especially when i flow .
awww i love naps mostly .
i love watching baseball outdoors on sunny days .
cool , i enjoy singing
i would love to buy some , what kind ?
yummy sounds really good ! ca not wait ! you famous ?
hi ! nice to chat with you .
nice . you watch any sports ? i love football .
what sort of diets do athletes eat ? i practically only eat meat .
do not fish , but love being in the country , and listening to that type of music .
not much into hiking myself , only way i get around is with my truck .
i drive a pretty big f150 , i love it .
ok , dave . you have any hobbies ?
how are you doing today ?
my name is penny what are you up to ?
do you know who manta rays is ?
it is an animal lol .
have you ever swam with them ? it is intense .
who is steve ? what is your favorite show ?
oh i am sorry to hear that .
i love the summer time so much .
hi , what are you up to ?
i am trying to change my body , i cannot eat too much .
i am saving up for some surgeries .
sunny . when i can go and work out .
do you like going out clubbing ?
that is pretty boring . i go out with my girlfriend .
i like getting dressed up .
just put in some rolling stones . how has your day been ?
i feel that , been working at my place for 8 years now .
i could see that as a challenge . have you tried the decoration angle ?
ha . . . i mean that the books look nice in offices and such .
i have to go to my volunteer gig soon .
i play guitar at the hospital mom nurses at .
it makes me feel good to make the people happier
hello , how are you today ?
i am trying to get in touch with friends so i can play in their band
i am , i started playing piano when i was 6
oh ok , what do you do for fun ?
cool ! i am vegan and try to learn new recipes
i like cooking low cost meals as well
well hope everything gets better for you !
hello how are you doing today
what do you do for a living
i work in a bank , i am a huge comic book fan do you have any hobbies ?
do you have kids ? are you married ?
no i just got out a bad relationship
i love to go driving
no i know quit a few word in sign language my cousin was deaf
hello how are you doing today ?
a lil tired because i have to walk 3 miles every night to get home
that great , i have a job in fast food so i cant afford a car right now
burgers and fries , i prefer playing my favorite mortal kombat person milena
that is cool , have you ever heard of krav maga , i am looking for one near home
i have no clue but i heard it was healthy .
yes , it might be . do you have a favorite color ?
everything i wear has to be purple , i love purple .
hey . how are you doing ?
awesome . i am working with acrylics .
yes . i paint everything i can imagine .
yes , do you want me to pain a ballet ?
cool . i am an only child as well .
i did actually . that is funny .
george and carol . and yours ?
are you blonde ? i am
good evening , how was your day today ?
same here ! big glass of scotch , my laptop , and a credit card always a good night .
hey a good night only ever takes one of a few things shopping , drinks , or a partner .
i guess you could say home shopping , it has gotten me into trouble a time or two .
favorite was the magic bullet . had to write an extra book for that one .
children book writer actually . what did you used to do ?
oh hey my ex girlfriend did too but that did not end well for me .
i just do not think love is real . more in it for the raw physical thrill .
hi , how are you today ?
oh , i do not have any kids .
oh . i work for a real estate agency .
i have two dogs too . i want to become a vegetarian .
soon . but i live meat too much .
i know ! but pork tastes so good .
i know , i know ! maybe this will be the week .
thank you ! tell me something about yourself .
hi how are you today
good where do you work
is your name old mcdonald then
i see do you have pigs
nice do you have ducks then
i see do you ever paint
well that is easy hunting at your farm then
hi , i sure hope your day is going better than mine .
yeah . . my coworker is an idiot
i give up . i am not going the extra mile anymore .
never get promoted . does that happen to you ?
are you in a relationship ? i am not happy with my boyfriend now .
i guess you could say that but now he wants an open relationship .
i wish he did not . maybe i should stick with dogs like you do .
thanks . what kind of dog do you have ?
hi i am cindy i like chatting and shopping how are you ?
oh that is a good show do you cook ? i am always in the kitchen
hunting is fun sometimes do you bring a dog ?
makes sense do you kids ? i have daughters
that would be fun . what are you doing tomorrow ?
oh i am not doing much either probably making a family dinner
probably spaghetti but i make a variety of food its a passion
no i just buy the ingredients then add some stuff like onions
hi , i have cats do you have pets ? i love kittens .
i collect used books about cats , love to read them .
tracy is the name of the cat , i only eat vegetables
which show do you like ? i love the cat cat show
wow , that is so great , i love flowers too
that is why i work in a shop that sells mainly flowers
i am still learning about it that is why i read so many books , the used ones .
i live in a basement of my parents .
hi how are you today
pretty good do you like music ?
cool do you ilke movies
awesome funny movies are my favorite too
do you play any sports
very nice what does your dad do
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you enjoy that work
wow did you fish it out
that sounds like a real rush
yeah you picked the wrong job then
how is the weather there
hey ! how are you today ?
what do you do in france ?
you are young ! i make video games . maybe you have played some
i have not done any of those . but my son plays on the football team
maybe i will make a soccer game for you at my new gaming company i just started
yes , we just moved because my wife got laid off
yeah she was in human resources . plenty of jobs though
hi , how are you ? i am currently studying i am a student at nyu freshman
fun ! i love taking pictures photography is my life
wow that is cool , i am the baby in my family you ?
i like the voice but not a huge fan swimming is fun
well blue is my favorite color but I would ask why
a sailor ? a navy seal haha ink
hello friend today is my birthday !
i am just going to stay home and read .
yikes . you must relax as well .
is your boss rude to you ?
you should quit your job !
oh i see . maybe he just needs some time .
my sisters live with me .
yes but i do not trust them .
how are you doing today
waiting for my husband to come home with my wings
that is cool i love being married
oh ok yes it is nice
awwww that is so sweet of him
awww i love gummy bears to
i like the organ
omg ! i am so hungry , but i have to kick my fav habit of snacking between meals
i love traveling to the country with my family and collie , and listening to country music
oh , we do that when we travel to the amish country . . . since they do not have electricity
you can still travel there and not wake up early
when i am on vacation with my family , we do not have to wake up early
yes it is relaxing i like it too
i do not know how to swim
what if i fall off ? are you gonna save me ? ? maybe my collie would save me
hello how are you today ?
i am well . are you a student ? i am in college .
i do not have one . what do you do for work ? i work daycare .
are you in a relationship ? i have been in the same one for two years .
that is alright . what do your parents do for a living ?
my mom is a teacher and my dad is a dentist . that sounds awesome .
if i needed to pick i would pick ironman .
hi how are you today
not much watching kid shows with my brother
i do both . how about you ?
that is cool . i love science .
oh wow . how long did she teach
i bet she did . that would be fun .
i like to dye my hair lol
you got it on the nose
hi how are you today
good do you work huh ?
and what kind is that
better hurry up then it is a dying fad
yeah to other things that spin
can you chew very well
no i am terrible at chewing my food
no i am just uncoordinated
hey there , how are you
i am trying to decide what to make for dinner at the moment
not sure my kids would like that
that sounds amazing but also hard to believe
what have you done with all that money ?
saving it for later i guess ?
fair . i would definitely use it .
i cannot leave my kids ! at home or the ones i teach !
hi , how are you doing
oh , i would love that . i work in the er , so not much free time
ya , i work as a nurse there
i do love to read on my free time . what do you like ?
dr . pepper keeps me going , though . the drink , not the actual doctor . . haha
hiking is fun . my and my ex husband used to go
hello how are u today
i am not bad just relaxing after a long day i am a paramedic
no i am not allowed pets in my studio apartment but i want a puppy
that is a nice name are u in school
i am going to nursing school
yes i hope so do u have any siblings
i have three siblings all sisters and all nurses
hey . will you read me a bedtime story like mother used to ?
i like watching them on my iphone 7
oh dad worked long hours like 11 a day so we never watched many
wow . well this weather is getting cold like winter i need some hot chocolate
yes . except all the sea creatures i am terribly allergic to food of the sea
i will kill them all
so how are you friend
in tennessee how about you
hi how are you today
great where do you work
i go to high school too ! ha
cool do you play an instrument
you say that like its a bad thing
yeah wrong p , autocorrect messes me up too
i am in the high school band you should learn
hi . how has your day been ?
i am sorry . i am the oldest of four siblings . maybe i know someone .
i do not blame you ! my family has big age range . youngest is in first grade .
that sounds fun . i do not have a job yet .
i am only 5 3 . shortest in the family . always too short !
ha , probably ! i am the oldest but shortest in the family .
exactly . two dogs should be a selling point on dates .
that is true . just need to be cute dogs .
hi there . how are you today ?
i am good . watching south park .
oh . what is your favorite band ? mine is avenged sevenfold .
i got engaged to my girlfriend of three years last week !
what is your dream job ?
i would love to be a baseball announcer one day .
oh . i have three jobs .
i deliver pizza , walk dogs and am a cashier .
hi how are you this early morning ?
early here . i am waiting for the sun to come up so i can take pictures
i wish my son would move back with me . lovely since i lost my husband
i want my son to be happy , so if it makes him happy , i would be ok
do you think that will make it easier to tell her ?
what will you do if she says pick a team
ok you too and good luck
good evening . i just finished unpacking . moved to Sweden last week ,
i do a lot of glacier hiking . i try to fish for lutefisk . best meal around . you ?
awesome ! i do not take as many pictures as i should .
nothing wrong with that at all .
that is a good thing . do not stop .
i guess losing my mind . i do not want to get old and forget things .
i try . everyday i try to do something puzzling .
hey . how are you doing today ?
righteous . i get pitted and go whoosh
i like my dolls mostly . they are so special .
my mom told me do not take things from strangers . but yes . i want it .
palisades ? where is that at ?
i like going outside and playing in the sun . i like hamburgers !
i like veggie burgers . they are tasty .
hello how are you today ?
i am great thank you ! how many siblings do you have ?
i have 4 siblings i am the oldest .
its aright ! my dads a middle school teacher
that sounds like a hard job ! i am the shortest person in my family 5 3 lol
i am also the oldest and shortest lol
oh my youngest sisters in the 1st grade !
hello . virginia here but most people call me v . whats up ?
oh i am a bookkeeper and i also give tours . you ?
www fish . not for me .
yeah but you are hurting them !
i will stick with my vegan diet . i do not hurt animals that way
i do not really have time between the other stuff and my volunteer job
at an urban farm to save the animals
all of them ! their all special . what do you like to do ?
its late , and sometimes i do not know where i am
i feel drowsy , just a little time , that is why i do not do sleep ins
yeah , usa , thanks for helping , i make a living training horses
wow that is so nice , do you live with parents i hate them !
ok , that is nice , i love my job as a horse trainer , you like horses ?
i would love to see them some day
that is great , now i know i can belong
hello , do you play tennis or surf ?
i love the beach . there is no place better to read .
i do . my dad is a navy vet , he says it is un american , lol
i listen to a little of everything . tupac is my favorite .
there is something to be said for the way the words flow .
i do ! i do not know who those people are , are they comedians ?
i am going to assume you are way older than i . tupac is an icon .
hi there , do you like listening to music ? i like all kinds .
nice ! in winter i usually stay inside and watch comedy movies .
i can not sing at all . i wish i could . i am good at tennis though .
the thought of skiing makes me turn my face color green . yuck !
i love to read . nothing better than getting lost in a good book .
what is your favorite movie ? coming to america .
would you believe i never saw it ? i am such a loser .
he is great . i like him .
hi ! ! !
how are you ?
pretty okay too . do you work ?
i do not like the idea of working . i am not a corporate slave .
yeah i am pretty much a hippie , a free spirit
do you do it with your family ?
hi , i just came back from walking my dogs , and you ?
i have diabetes so any exercise helps .
pizza ! oh man that sounds so good right now , pepperoni , jalapeos
yes i do enjoy sports , i also ride my bike for exercise .
i had to do any workouts but i have to
i work form home , since i have to check my blood often
that sounds like a good job , does it pay good ?
do you have kids ? are you married ?
hey there ! how are you doing ?
not much at the moment , just listening to some beatles .
oh nice , one of my sisters love them
cool ! what do you do for work ?
personally , i work as a paramedic . it is difficult but definitely rewarding .
i will eat just about anything to be truthful . french fries are good for sure .
yikes , i know how that feels . i have to replace my entire engine pretty much .
waddup homie ! biggie zee here , rapping in japan as we speak !
hell yeah ! i am in the middle of a tour with frank ocean . do you know him ?
i just bought a mansion here , let me know if want to come visit one day !
sure ! i own one of the biggest mansions in japan , i have plenty of room
i love playing video games mostly , nothing extraordinary . you ?
i wish i had more free time , touring is pretty exhausting . .
50 years today , that is how old i am !
i have 2 pups and 4 kids , all albino !
my hubby just left , he is gone for good
my deadbeat husband does not want the kids so there mine
nope i am 50 , that is so old !
you are old ! my hubby left and now i am single
well i am 50 so maybe not , its too old
hello there , how you doing today ?
i love portland ! do you hunt ? i like to in my spare time .
yummy ! ! i like to view the walking dead when i can
i also like baseball especially the tigers . do you like sports ?
that is great . yard work keeps me thin !
yes my friend it is ! how is the winter there ?
no sorry . i do not get it
oh . i do not watch it , but i hear it is good .
hi , whats your favorite animal ?
nice , i love my dog too . . . my favorite animals are zebras though
well , they are prey animals so , yeah , they are kind of timid
nobody is totally content imo . . . i hope to be an actress someday
well , that is wonderful . its good to be satisfied with life
haha . a great way to start the day off
hello how are you today ?
that is good . what do you do for a living
lol that sounds fun and dangerous i play for the red sox
that is awesome ! do you have any kids ?
that is a fun age i have 3 all are in their teens
lol they are a handful feel sorry for my wife when i am on the road
yeah i am during off season but i have to make money to support them .
yeah i like action movies and comedies
well i have to go it was nice talking to you
hi there . how are you ?
good ! i just got home from my 1st job , going to start my 2nd soon .
i actually have 3 jobs that i have been working the past 5 years .
one of my jobs is the movie theatre , since i like to go to the movies .
i do not have any kids , but i do have a pit bull and chihuahua .
i live in the city and walk a lot . probably more than 2 miles a day .
how are you today
feeling like a big winner today friend
its pretty here today, great day to be outside
we have been outside most of the day watching the horses
i love horses they make me a lot of money
yeah its big enough i want my own school
i actually work on the race forum betting on them now
hey there . how are you today ? what do you do for a living ?
sounds interesting . i work as a police officer in a local town . very fulfilling .
not really . i am more into cars . my ford is my baby . you ?
oh dear . are you married ? i just got divorced for a third time .
sorry the holidays must be rough . i myself have grown to hate them
divorce is no joke . very sad .
that is quite the truth .
hello what type of cars do you like ?
i drive a corvette it is older though nice .
i drive everywhere since i work a lot
i am a manager of our family restaurant
our restaurant is southern style food cooked by my brothers .
knoxville , tennessee we take pride in great food service .
have you ever eaten okra , fried corn or pinto beans ?
hi how are you tonight
sorry to hear that you should travel like i do
my favorite meal is ice cream and you can not plant that
wow you are still young i am 93
i do sometimes , but not too often or we fight
that must be nice if you get along
i am a student right now so i live on it
i agree it is important
hi , how is your sunday going ?
i am doing alright . getting ready for my walk of the day .
nice . i love movies . getting ready to look up the showings tonight
well i love some of the oldies like miss congeniality . you a movie fan ?
ah what kind of business ?
awesome . i have two fur babies . i love pizza and salmon
well i am a teacher which is not helping me save up for my mustang dream
4th this year . they are a good bunch this time
hi , how are you ?
that sucks . do you love to play game ?
do you have any favorite game ?
like computer game or whatever you like
what about traveling ? do you like travelling ?
in which country you want to go first ? i mean for travelling
that is great . i also want to go there .
hi , how are you today ? i am just here having a drink
trying to relax from a stressful day
my mom has a shopping addiction so i am trying to help her .
this woman has bought over five hundred pairs of shoes ! she needs help !
i only own one pair of shoes , why to people act this way
sorry i do not want to overwhelm you with my problems
how are you today ? do you like music ?
food ? what kind of food do you like ?
hi there . how are you today ?
working on a translating job .
i am a spanish translator for a living . what do you do ?
well , i lost my job recently , but i do side work .
i had savings , so between freelance and that i am ok .
that is not that far away ! i want to be an author .
yeah , i have been writing some on the side .
yeah , i know a little about it .
hi , what kind of things are you interested in ?
nice , i like to blog about the things that surround me
after marriage for me , had 2 kids and needed to change professions
i go shopping a lot , and do blog reviews for the things i purchase
i was a cheerleader in high school but i could not make money doing that
even as a professional they do not make enough money to live off
yeah it gets rough at times
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great , thanks ! no kids for me yet , but one day i hope .
i am a zumba instructor , i love zumba . what is your profession ?
awesome ! what do you do for fun ? i like collecting .
sorry for your loss . do you still write in your spare time ?
that is wonderful ! i love to volunteer , and cheer people up .
you are welcome ! i also like painting , i am not too good but i collect paintings .
they must love your visits .
hi how are you doing tonight ?
i am fine thank you i like winning .
i am unemployed for now disabled . but okay .
i got the chronic fatigue but i manage .
i can tell if i do not like some one you are nice . thanks .
i like a lot of coffee do you drink coffee . no football used too .
that is okay what drinks do you like ?
good day friend, how are you doing today
i fine, except this parakeet keep repeating everything i say
i will as soon as my friends are ready
a lake that's cool, i walk in the park sometimes
i go party with my roommates
oh lovely, where are you from
Florida, kinda far but you can knit something for me
that is true, it is sunny and nice here
hi , may you can help me decide . starbucks or subway for dinner ?
agreed . do you like figurines ? i am shopping for them .
i do ! ! ! i look for things at antique stores , but only on saturday and sunday .
sounds good , low paying though and too many hours . my cat would hate that .
yes , mine likes to go with me to starbucks .
yes ! ! ! whew , i have got to rest . big day antiquing tomorrow .
yes , but not as much as swimming for a living .
nice , is it an old friend ?
hi , how are you today ?
i just got done watching a horror movie .
it was pretty good , not the best .
i want to see that one !
what do you do for a living ?
i hope to be a music teacher one day .
oh really ? the violin is my thing .
i enjoy country music too .
hello
i am good . do you like elvis ?
still listen to him . he is my favorite of all time .
sweet ! what song ?
a classic . i like blue suede shoes .
i like it so much i have blue everything . shoes , car , and every now and then hair .
it is . how did you know ? ll
so what do you do ?
hello ! who am i speaking with today ?
that is interesting ! i was a school teacher , but retired . what voices do you do ?
my name is alice . my husband and i like to walk , but hope to travel more .
ooo . you have a snake ? ! i like snakes . do you have other pets ?
just in the shower . we hope to travel when my husband retires .
i do not dance . what kind of internship ?
i taught math . i still have students that will come to visit . engineering is tough .
that is amazing ! i used to do little skits in math class for my students .
hey there , cannot wait till taco tuesday .
i would not care lol i just want to swim before summer over, if only I could swim, I would spend all my summers in the pool.
ll that is cool i love the fall since i love orange .
i do not stare at it , just has trinkets on my desk that are that color .
ll cool , i want to get rid of these cats ugh .
ll probably will with that is terrible .
ll ! what do you care about ?
well hello there . i skink a lot
i do not know . i am numb
well , that is just peachy
that is not good at all
bacon is dangerous , meat is not good
i am sure i am fatter
god bless you too sir
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
oh nice . . . i really love to draw
i mainly draw things that are blue
i almost burned down my house yesterday .
i am not a morning person , and forgot my candles were burning all night .
i should stop using them . but i save on electricity .
yeah , it helps with the bills . what do you do for fun ?
that is nice of you . what does she teach ?
hi how are you doing
i stay up pretty late every night so i am just getting up
no i mainly watch tv
really anything that is on that late
do i feel like i do not have time for pets
i am in to robotics
yeah i do it for a living its time consuming
i have been doing it for about five years
hi how are you today ?
not too bad just sitting at the law office i am on my lunch break
oh that is cool but not cool about the lunch . do you like photography ?
nice i usually take them of the mountains nearby my home
do they have any animals ? i grew up on a farm
that would make sense lol do you watch much tv ? we do not get reception here
that is gotta be scary the world is in a dark place
that is very noble i am a simple lawyer here in colorado
hey ! i love being outside planting my plants ! how about you ?
yes , mostly simple things like bumkins and carrots .
nice . almost forgot to feed my lizard . the name is gila .
we have a weaner dog names oscar .
nice gotta love them dogs !
r b would be my type of music to listen too . how about you ?
i am working towards financial business.
i graduated high school back in 1986 , i feel quite old saying that.
my son is 10 years of age . and very boisterous . i want to become a music teacher.
hmm . never read her novels before . been busy playing the piano.
really do you also feed the homeless ?
any i can listen and it comes.
that is awesome . maybe i can come down and volunteer.
i feel pretty content in where i am . but i will do it if i can.
hi ! how are you today ?
i wish i could do physical stuff , not easy carrying twins .
i already have 3 kids as well !
yeah , the morning sickness is awful . i am on bed rest for 5 months now .
well , i am sure once i have them i might be able to get out more .
i am not sure , there is so many to choose from !
oh that is so awesome ! i am all for saving animals .
hi how are you doing ?
hi i think i will cook tacos
what do you do for a living ?
ni i do not sorry
i am a legal asst to a lawyer
i am turning thirty three lol
hello . my parents are politicians . i am a rock god
they are okay . my girlfriend is leaving me . again
oh , she says this daily . does yours ?
i am a pagan . do you like john gresham movies ?
i do not care for his books .
no , i do not . they are too long
i feel like such a terrible person . i think i need help .
my son is deaf too . i feel terrible for going on welfare for him
i like meat too ! with a side of meat ! yum
you are funny . not so depressed about welfare and dad in ace rated now
it is hard not having a dad around . sorry about your dad too
good idea ! i keep my mind off things by running .
he sounds like a nice dog . i listen to creed while i run
i like them too ! we have a lot in common
hello ! netflix dreamer here how are you ?
where are you headed too ?
nice and quiet work place , do you enjoy it ?
i would love to go to school , and to learn self defense .
its so expensive tho , saving to move
i wanna move to las vegas full of excitement and all kinds of folk
hell she wants me to move her too . best friends for life
good day how are you ?
that is nice . do you have any kids ?
not much for kids . how about cars ? i have 3 beautiful ferrari .
with 3 ex wives my nice cars might be all i have . hows the weather there ?
painting that is always fun . i have to say its better than acting !
i think they wanted kids . . .
not much . they always wanted to ride in my cars.
hi there , how are you ?
well , i believe in god first and i am into fitness , actually a guru .
i am also free spirited and carefree and unloving . i love seeking new adventure .
i have not . i would love to . i have been in sales my whole life , how about you ?
i work a lot too but i always make time for movies . movie time is the best .
any comedy is funny . danny devoto is great . he is short like me , i am only 5 3
i have two , black and pink .
hi , i am debra . i love reading the news
i have not recently . i also like technology
i love phones and computers . i also create websites
i like to create game websites and estate websites
is the weather making it hurt ?
that is awesome . do you play in the stock market ?
i wish i could play
i do not play it well .
oh yes ! it is very risky . concerned about losing my money
i agree completely . i can not risky my money
hello how are you today
lets make this quick i own a small business
i love bagels however i own a dry cleaners
i own in cleaners in my local town of seattle
i also perform consulting services for individuals looking to start their own
owning is not that hard when you have a team
what kind of cookies do you bake ? i love oatmeal raisin myself
how are you feeling on this rainy awesome evening .
great ! i am seeking employment because the bank took my farm last month .
thanks for the suggestion , i reside in kansas can i work from here .
i will return back to school when i move to a hot state .
that sounds awesome kids come first .
kids needs to eat healthy meals so they can grow properly .
i wish my kids had their father but i am still grateful to be their mother .
thank you i do the best i can .
i love to teach , what is your passion ?
are you following in their footsteps ?
do you live near the beach ?
that is a bummer , my favorite place in the world is the beach .
are you , is it amazing ?
what did you find there ?
hi i live in portland or
ii love to cook too
i live in portland oregon
my hobby is painting and like to paint my nails green
i also like to learn about italian literature and have a degree in it
sounds like a very fun and exciting job
do you have any pets i have a pet skunk
hi , this is john . i am a physical therapist in dallas . what do you do ?
that sounds interesting . my wife works as a school nurse , but used to work in a lab .
it was affiliated with a hospital . do you have kids or pets ?
we have 2 cats , 3 dogs , a 14 yr old son 12 yr old daughter .
love taking the dogs and kids to the park and tossing the football around .
farmers markets are great . love , love fresh produce !
my brother plays guitar . he is pretty good . do you like flea markets ?
i like the iphone better than the samsung
i prefer ebooks over paperback book
i am without a spouse
i prefer viewing superheroes movies
i have 2 computer displays at my job
i really like the iphone , i do not like the samsung
i view electronic books more than physical books
hi , how are you doing today ?
great . i have been working all day in my green house .
the greenhouse is in my backyard . i make compost in there for the plants .
yeah veggies are good for diabetes . i love fruit and that is all i eat . fruitarian moe .
very cool . i love my apple products .
i bet you do . from the rinds of the fruit i eat , i produce natural soap .
it is actually pretty easy to do and smells good .
hi , name is jane and owner of a bar in downtown chicago
come visit ! ! been married 5 times . why because i put my work first .
that sounds like a plan , eggplant is my fave food , biggest achievement winning 3rd grad spelling bee .
i love italian food . makes me wants some now .
sounds like a good idea ! ! seems like i have made a friend all ready .
sounds like a great plan ! !
haha i love dogs i owned two and they passed due to old age
they did and spoiled too .
hello how are you doing
yes it is i am so tall it would blow me over
sorry to here hope u stay safe
we came from greece a long time ago and it was scary
wow small world . i have the curly hair that comes from there
close to the water on the coast
that is cool i know that place
isaiah rashed , i love their music , its my favorite !
television ! i have a career at a marketing agency , its a job !
married ? , that is a rich mans game , i read books , never movies
no , in my free time i like the video games , on the video game machine !
isaiah rashed he has an orange shirt , they are my favorite artist
running ? , free time , that video game time , paying , yow !
my name is missy and i work at ccs pizza .
ironic pepperoni pizza is my favorite food .
i stay in hotels sometimes when i am on my bike trips .
i am a single mother of a boy age 6
what type cat do you have long or short hair ?
i do love all kinds of cats .
i am a chef and a teacher with kids i also like to ride in park
that is good i do have skills by speaking other languages
why do you want to travel ?
me i just want to stay at home
none i do not like any color it makes me feel sad
yes i have heard that before with someone i do not know why
why is it fantastic tell me something more .
tell me what ? i do not get you please elaborate .
hi i am name is travis . how are ya ?
quite well . the weather is just gorgeous in the carolinas today .
no it feels good after our brutally hot summer .
unfortunately i am back to truck driving tomorrow so i need a good rest tonight . you ?
its a fun job but i miss my 3 kids . what do you do ?
that sounds awesome . i love the great outdoors !
i spend a lot of time hunting so i am more of a woods guy .
hi how are you doing
i am good what kind of music do you like
i really like katy perry
what hobbies do you have
i like sewing its pretty relaxing
that sounds nice do you like to hunt ?
i really like to hunt on the weekends
mostly deer that is the most popular in my area
hey , i am dennis . what kind of music do you like ?
still time to do some acting . do not ever give up !
i like indie and alternative . i wish i played , dabbled with guitar . how about you ?
could become an anesthesiologist and hit the theater in your spare time ?
holy smokes . i would say those are standards for sure . sometimes you just gotta take a walk
hmm . . you should get date and go to a lake ! do you have any lakes around ?
hi . where do you work ? i work in a grocery store .
mostly , i love to read . what about you ?
no children . I wish I could dye my hair bright green like the Joker's; any suggestions ?
a friend told me to dye my hair blue , since its my fav color .
no , not really on aspirations or hobbies . i am kind of boring ll
wow , what is your fav place to travel ?
hi there . i enjoy making cars for my living . what about you
i enjoy watching tv too . its the best solution after working hard .
and sitting on couch all day long ! does not beat it !
true and having mac and cheese ? good right ?
i make about 30k a year enough to pay my bills . what about you ?
yeah that helps !
yes life is hard without any assistance
hello ! my name is sally and i love food , do you ?
that is so awesome ! i am an interior designer , i love designing diners
i love cupcakes , sometimes i eat just a few too many haha
i am totally with you on that . have you ever had the chance to larp
live action role play ? kind of like medieval times acting
yes ! super fun i love game of thrones so i act it out !
i definitely recommend it ! what do you do for fun ?
hello ! my name is gail , how are you today ?
ooh that sound good ! i should give you some vegetables from my garden !
i do have some beets actually ! do you live near the city ?
i am out in the suburbs , i teach high school out here .
english ! read any good books lately ?
harry potter , my three kids cannot get enough of it !
i will meet you there !
i will wear my red cardigan !
are you interested in high school girls ?
i am a really cute blond . you sure ?
ok well maybe i can hang with your family . pizza night ?
you have a garden ? i am great with plants
maybe you could hire me for after school to help out ?
yes , i would like to eat organic and cruelty free
hello , i am an attorney
yeah i have dress nicely for it , i like going to comedies
i like to exercise a lot , i believe i have sexy muscles .
even though i am bald i have a kick but beard that is thick
can you even grow a beard at your age ?
oh that is stupid . is there anything else interesting about you ?
nope i have told you everything about me !
all the same to you child from high school
hi , how are you today ?
i am very good . just doing some online shopping , you ?
oh . are you in a relationship ?
i am not either and i am living alone .
i do not really believe in love anyway .
what do you do for a living ?
i write books for kids .
hello how are you doing this evening ? i was shopping this weekend and got some bargains
got some shoes being a lady who wears size 12 it is hard to find shoes
i want to go to europe and need good shoes
rome is beautiful . have you ever been on a cruise ? i have never been
awesome that sounds like a great adventure
oh yes that is . hope you enjoy and take lots of pictures
that is great . a picture is worth a thousand words you know lol
oh how sad i am so sorry
how are you doing today ?
my husband and i just got back from a hike .
it is . in colorado lots of beautiful places . where are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ? yes purple is !
what is beijing like ? do you like it . did ballet for nearly 20 years .
pointe shoes stopped my ballet goals . so painful !
do you have a car there ? feel like people bike a lot there .
sure is beautiful to watch . amazing really .
good morning how are you ?
i am awesome two more days till my wedding
thank you we will be having an outdoor wedding at a park
i am jenny . are you married ?
i have a degree in nursing but i am not working right now
what are you talking about . do you have pets ?
i love my dog he is going to be our ring bearer
yes he is a bulldog
hello how are you , are you there ?
i hope you are safe wherever you are .
please take as many precautions as you can , if you cannot evacuate .
that is good you could still get supplies at this time .
we are wishing floridians safety as fellow southerners .
do you have a family ?
that must be very stressful .
hi , i am not a vegan
oh my now that sounds fun
i can scratch yours if you do mine
you need more shoes ! i can give you some
steal some ! hurry before she is home !
kick that dog to the curb
oh , you would be surprised
well that works well i suppose
hi how are you this evening ?
where are you from ? i am an olympian from russia .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to bench press 345 pounds and squat 400 pounds for fun .
i love to eat healthy home cooked meals .
yes , i try my best to help people .
it does feel good to help some one
i do yes . i enjoy it very much .
i keep on wondering why we have to die
it scares me a lot especially that i have cancer and am soon facing it .
i am the only one having it in the family and i wonder why ?
sorry , it puts my heart under fire thinking of living my family and friends .
i have failed to concentrate on any thing and i do isolate from people some times .
i try keeping my self at church and listening to music they kinda ease my heart .
especially i love watching and listening to choir performances in church and sermons .
it does for only that time but when am alone i feel sorrowful .
hello how are you today
halloween movies are great ! i work too much to relax nowadays
i want to go to college but can't afford it . i work at Walmart and Best Buy
wow you guys both seem like great people . how old are your daughters
no its just me . i can't find anyone to date .
it is okay . do you like winter time ? i love the snow
most of my friends hate the snow too . but it gives me a day off
yeah everyone needs a day off every once in a while
how are you doing ? tell me about yourself
i love christmas too . i like to hike . i am very outdoorsy .
i hike any mountain . but its been hard to hide recently . i am always on my phone .
i love to just talk on the phone . i also love eating vegetables
me too ! i love magic in spanish . i am fluent .
it is . a very useful language . what other interests do you have ? i love playing slots
i play too much . i love stories too . what kind ?
hi how are you today ?
kinda cloudy here , irma is a brewing
i like to surf . but not today ! !
nice . i love to read
lots of cook books . i am a vegetarian
for quite some time . pandas inspired me to
hello how are you doing ? ca you tell me about yourself ?
good and yours day is good i am hoping
well i am a farmer and i also like to hike w
i only have one arm
i finish school with a degree
i have 3 older brothers
yes it is alway family frist
hey there . how are you today ?
that is cool . i play the guitar .
oh , i like to sleep a lot when i am not at work .
between work , sleep and my family , i do not have time for tv .
pretty much . i work 10 hour days , so i get very tired .
10 hours usually . do you have any kids ?
two girls . yeah they like movies . frozen is their favorite .
of course . i would pick that any day over frozen .
i cannot wait to leave for college soon
no i am just getting started ! i will be so wild finally an free !
i bet ! i been sheltered my whole life ugh ! lets cause hell !
aww i am sorry , i am sure the ones you have love you ?
why ? i live in new england now
well . . how old are you now ?
nice can i get a deal for a laptop ?
how are you doing today
what do you do for work
what is that like ? i am not used to farms
what are the chores that you have to do
have you ever been to the city
what do you like most about being in a band
so are they your best friends
i serve people lunch and have a kid
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
what is your matters in
yeah i have my phd in pepperoni
yeah but not sushi pizza . that is a travesty
mushroom its so delicious yeah
nah it soaks up the flavors
but you just need a stronger cheese
hi , how are you doing today ?
i believe that anything i want to achieve , i can . how about you ?
oh and i am doing good , too . even though i have never been kissed by a woman .
cool , runs are important . maybe because gossiping is what i love to do .
they would have to watch the show jimmy fallon runs . do you watch it ?
awesome , i like to read as well . are you reading anything now ?
so am i , maybe we should try and read the twilight series ?
or you should try reading it by stephen king if you have not already read it .
hey how are you doing today ?
friday ! and i am on the computer . any plans ?
yeah they are alright i guess . do you like music ?
i am a band geek sort of . i play trumpet . i am an allstar
yeah just enough time to watch movies . do you have a favorite ?
my band is doing a zombie theme this year . tis the season !
i think we are going to have make up on . i saw a youtube make up tutorial
this tutorial made it look like your lips were sewn together . gruesome
good evening , how are you doing ?
fabulous actually ! i found a coat on sale , do you shop ?
small feet , i shop a lot online i will find you shoes . where do you work ?
nice , you are welcome to take my picture for your story .
i love dogs , i will have to make sure i look good first for the photo
guns and roses , i am pretty awesome , i will give you an interview for sure .
good for you , we should listen to music together , i would hate to have messy hair though .
hi there , do you play video games ?
i used to play my guitar at the beach .
yes , as a gay man , i love it .
i like to eat meat , is that a hobby ?
i have not told my parents i am gay , any advise on that ?
thanks , that sounds like solid advice .
always , do you watch tv ?
whew just got off the stairmaster and am pretty tired
i hate working out but at 5 3 and 220 lbs the doctor says i should lose weight
i will curl up with a nice book instead to relax . even read on the stairmaster !
lol . need good balance . but i am tired of using tons of makeup to try and appear thinner .
i am trying . have not heard of green tea . do you like it ?
thank you for being so supportive . are you a therapist ?
hello , its my birth day today
i want to have enough rest and then have ice cream at night
yes i will go to a club and listen to some music then back home
yes i can listen to it and more of jazz
i can play a piano but i want to relax on this day
and do you celebrate your birthdays alone like me ?
i do not have a family and i grew up in a home
hello , how are you this fine day ?
i am sasha and it is nice to meet you , jane !
i am an artist . my current favorite shade is the whole spectrum of blue !
i live near the ocean , so my hiking is long treks in the sand !
cool ! my mother is a writer . she also cooks the best food at home !
i tend to watch game of thrones instead of useful shows like bob ross .
hi , good evening . do you read at all ? i am into the game of thrones series now .
hi . do you read at all ? i am reading the got series now .
cool . so you are aware that winter is coming .
if the masters are right . fortunately i am fat and short , well insulated .
i used to , when i was a kid . then i grew up . lol . . .
well , that is cool . i am so short , and fat , no good at those sports .
no i am too smart for that . my iq is through the roof . do not want concussions .
hi . how are you tonight ?
same here . i live out in the sticks with my two kids .
wow , i love dogs . mine run around my year .
japan would be nice . i work for amazon and several of my friends work in japan .
i use to eat ice cream when i was sad . fifty pounds heavier because of it .
i have . been busy learning robotics to take my mind off food .
hi how are you today
not too bad fairly bored did you work today ?
i am currently in college
i really like blue how about yours ?
do you like going to the movies ?
i go with friends quite often
what type of music do you play ?
i like rock i am a music fan
oh my co-worker is so cute I can't stop thinking about her.
i am good . its official , i have a crush on her . how are you ?
she is just cute and sweet and perfect but i am such a nerd.
i try to get up enough nerve but she doesn't like gamers and nerds.
not just rpg games but other table-top games too
with my luck I would have to use my inhaler while trying to show out.
but she is too cute to let go. I think I will talk to her more.
hi there how are you ?
fine , just playing with my cats
i make hot dogs for a living .
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
do you have any pets ?
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
that is absolutely great just fantastic
baseball is my favorite thing to watch
hi i am an avid skier and skater who has 2 dogs and 4 cats .
hi jessica do you like shoes ? i have 30 pairs i love the leather smell .
do you like your job ? are you saving for a car ?
disney movies are fun . i like fast cars as fast as my motorcycles .
yes , i see that . i bet you can wait to turn 16 then .
it will be here before you know it . then you will have more freedom .
awesome , they must trust you a lot . try not to break that trust .
very good try to keep up the hard work . it will pay off .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am great ! where are you from ?
i am from california but i live in the suburbs of san francisco .
yes , i have three kids . do you have any kids ?
oh i bet they're a handful but also very enjoyable .
i am a English teacher . what about you ?
hi how are you today
i am good how is the weather
i drive an hour to work
i work out in the fields
it is okay but i hate beets
yeah but they are so hard to harvest
do you like the warmth then
hey there ! how is it going ?
pretty good . just taking a break from working . have you been outside ? it is awesome !
i would love to be 25 again . i spent that birthday at the tattoo parlor all day !
into sport , huh ? not me . i was always the creative type . love tattoos and fun hairstyles !
I wish I could dye my hair blue like my favorite color, but pink is so much more fun! my hair is pink now !
that is just me ! i drive a truck for a living so i do what i want !
it is very freeing ! i travel a lot and people all over love it !
hi there how are ya
i am a gambler doing well
right i can not wait for winter
do you like horses ? i do
do you ride bare back ?
I would love to, but I do not date.
women find me too ugly
as ugly as they get it happens
i have a huge apartment with two other great guys here in new york .
i like golden girls , especially betty white . do you ? no car yet .
i have been a big reader forever . yes , i like detective novels like chandler .
yes , i ride it a lot . some interesting one , some very dangerous .
nice . no , i did have a cat for eighteen years , after that , too hard in city .
i do love cats , though , and most dogs . never liked having to walk dogs , though .
well , that sounds like fun . dogs are cute in cars , they love it .
i do not have a favourite current sitcom . tv is mainly pbs and charlie rose .
ayyyy ricky rossy in the dizzy
i am great just kind of shy how about you
i just had some ice cream rofl
wow that is a lot of kids lol i am kind of shy but love to sing
really ? like who is your perfect date
oh ya ? you sell real estate , twos that going ?
hi there ! are you a republican , or a democrat like me ?
that is so cool ! i learned from my parents who were incredible . and incredibly tall lol
haha , yeah , they were over 6ft ! and ice cream ? gross ! i only like fish .
probably why i have such great vision and swim so well ! lol
arizona ! hence all the swimming . sometimes i jump straight up from the water into the ledge
i recommend it , lol . what else do you like to do ?
i love photos ! you take them in your hometown ?
what kinds of places do you usually travel ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am doing good . i am off from work today .
i decorate cakes for different occasions .
no , i never heard of it .
i love to play video games and take care of my cats .
i have two cats . what breed of dog ?
i have to go on a walk later .
my doctor says i am overweight .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
nice , i am watching the raptors game . what are your hobbies ?
that sounds boring , i am mainly into watching and playing sports .
that is scary , do you ever notice weird things with the dead bodies ?
i want to learn to fly a plane too !
oh gosh , that would scare me so much !
what do you have to do to them when they open their eyes ?
why is that even allowed ? !
what subject do you teach ?
that is a noble profession , i do not think i would have the patience to teach .
teaching must be hard because of getting up early , i am a night person .
that would be nice , but sleeping in is better .
you get paid during the summer during vacation ?
that sounds nice , payment for summer breaks .
it has been a pleasure chatting with you .
hi i moved to sweden like last month and enjoy it here and you ?
oh great . love hiking glaciers . what do you do when you visit ?
my favorite food is lutefisk . its actually the best dish in the world from my rating
its made with stockfish . love it so much and its healthy
you are right . that will keep your mind together . seems i am loosing mine
good for you . i get my mind back watching marduk my favorite band
hello ! how are you ?
oh nice . i am studying this weekend . i think i am failing a class , hard .
i have got a grip on the work , i am just not scoring well .
know anything about womens studies ? haha . i have got a study group later, I wish I could join your study group on women's studies.
i hope so . so what do you do ?
i work and study , lol . i just got hired at mcdonald recently .
hello ! lets get to know each other !
i tried to get elected to politics in 2004 , but i guess people did not like me either
aww you are too kind . do you have any hobbies ?
i did auto repair for 6 years , but now i focus on building computers
its not a profession , just a hobby . lol .
i guess so . i considered the military when i was much younger , but it was not for me
oh wow . it seems he was quite a strong man then
so how do we usually start ? hi , maybe ?
nice to meet you . . . so , uh , like dogs ?
that is a bit of an unusual thing to say lol
no need to apologize , just saying the first thing that came to mind
possibly , tell me a little bit about yourself , other than your long fingers
well , when i cook for you shrimp is off the menu
montana at the moment , ever be anything other than alive ?
it is not all that great . . . my job brought me here
hello friend . what are you doing right now ?
playing an old blue eyes album and waiting for the crock pot to finish !
i am not married and my kids are grown . how about you ?
i am 57 and my three children are in their thirties now .
i like crooner records and slow cooking thick soups . how about you ?
how cool . buy me something too . lol
i am in tampa ! we should party ! i will bring a cheese plate .
sounds like a plan . i made a delicious stew to enjoy with you .
hi how are you today
where do you work at
sounds kind of a paradox to have drones underground
i am an old lady
sometime where do you live
i live in a very rural place so it is hard
i made italian food mostly
hi , i m bored . i was going to go out on a date tonight but she cancelled
just ask someone . i think i turned her off because i m such a iphone fanboy
way better than samsung . i guess i m too much into electronics
work pays for it . i have 2 computers and 2 monitors at work .
animator for movies . but i sit around and read online books when work is slow
dentists scare me . hate the drill sound . need a superhero to help me
can t you find another job if you hate it so much ?
i use superhero s to inspire me to strive for greater heights
hi , my name is samantha . how are you ?
do you like reading books ? i love novels written by female authors .
that is great ! do you ever read the news ? i love reading about politics .
comics are fun . i read about the law now because i am a legal assistant .
yes , i like soccer too . i also like volunteering to engage in political activism .
my law firm handles real estate cases . what kind of law does calden like ?
i earn passive but its a secret
no i am not but my dreams are so bizarre every day
nice work i go surf when i have a chance .
have you tried listening to muggers they are really good
i do not watch it . i think i can not settle in a one wife ?
i am taking about my wife i think i do not love her
can i have you instead or you available ?
that is ok with me because i am rich and i can take care of you .
how are you doing today ?
what do you do for fun
what is your favorite place
what is that like ? is it always warm ?
do you ever have hurricanes
i have seen so many lately
i feel the same way
hey my friend how are you today
slept like a baby oh my what sounds good to eat
oh my the green ones is the best
we should open up a business one day like to cook
well sure why not and you got dvd player ?
wow a lot of people and i do not know how i would get sleep
cats is amazing what the names
going to paint the wall green and that good names
hi , what do you do for fun ?
cool ! i surf , any chance i can !
i like music also , the muggers are my favorite !
an awesome band ! are you married ?
understand ! i could never be tied down to just one partner !
wow ! what do you do for work ?
wonderful ! i get some good income , but no one knows what i do .
no car washes , we will just say it is passive income !
where do you like to travel and why ?
i love to travel to greece because i grew up there .
greek food is the best . i love the gyro
i love to sing and cook .
nice . that is the best . ha ! ha !
i do not have any children but i will have in the future .
i love kids . children are a bundle of joy .
hey how is your weekend going ?
that is good ! i might work on some artwork later
yeah i paint but do not sell my paintings
that is sweet of you . i am rich but i have not told anyone including my wife
that is true . i can thank the lotto for my wealth
it can go quickly
oh wow ! did you get a new car or house with it
hi how are you today?
i do not know really . you ?
what are your hobbies then ?
nice . my mom dances ballet .
i have six tattoos so no haha
yeah . . . except they are all cats .
hello good morning , how are you doing ?
i am doing good , watching my two dogs
i like burritos , and love to go to taco bell
yes , sounds like a good idea ,
i am looking at youtube my favorite magicians
penn teller right now doing a magic trick
yeah that awesome magician , one of my favorites
hi , how are you today ?
i am watching youtube , i like to watch makeup tutorials .
i do not have a job right now , i live with my mom .
she is a make-up artist to celebrities so she makes good money
she buys me what i want when i want . i do not want to work .
i am ease-dropping on my neighbors they are fighting lol
not really i like being home doing nothing , it is awesome !
right , that is how i feel right now i just do not know .
hello , how are you doing ?
that is good , sounds very relaxing .
oh i bet . sounds like a challenging job .
i am a stay at home mom , i would definitely consider it work lol .
www , how old are they ? i have 1 daughter , 2 cats and a parakeet
oh wow , that is awesome !
i love anything outdoors . parks , bike rides , camping , hiking etc . . you ?
hello i like to design and sew ?
no , but would love to go sometime if someone watch my cat
my mother went on a trip with the an elderly people as their nurse .
i am a waitress so i see all kinds of outfits
no the boots would hurt my feet
i am usually alone with my cat
sometimes parents are hard to talk to when you are young
well i am sure your dad is just looking out for you
i am sitting here watching a moose outside my window . i love canada .
lizzy . what are you up to ?
no . they just free roam near ontario where i live . i visit america often .
i am not sure . i am spend most of my time running in marathons and watching basketball .
in new jersey , which is the hometown of the vancouver grizzlies . my favorite ! ! ! !
that is quite rude of you to say . have a nice day .
hi how are you tonight
i am good just going jogging
no i work at a club in houston
i love them but i always have to donate blood
i will have to stop in and see you
i do not like it much either
i like summer so i might move to australia with my dude, but I wish I could study marine biology at a coastal university.
hey , whats happening ?
well , i am a pastry chef . i am really into baking cakes .
how is that going for you ? are you a career waitress ?
yeah , my twin brother did something like that .
tap dancing . i have even won a few competitions .
i am too short for soccer . so is my twin brother .
no , not really , unless dancing competitively counts as one .
evening , what is your name ?
good , thanks for asking . just got home from work . how are you ?
there is a tie between those two things ? i am assuming bad retirement ?
i see . i guess some people take getting older harder than others .
well enough . not wealthy by any means but doing something i love .
two jobs . work at a gas station and as a traveling encyclopedia salesman .
yeah , have you thought of volunteering ? could connect you to a job .
i like natural colors . i am a rock collector on the side .
hi , how are you today ?
oh cool ! my birthday is soon . i want to go to europe .
yes ! i would love to go on a cruise ship too . what is your career ?
i am excited to go dancing this weekend with my boyfriend . do you dance ?
yes ! i need to find new dancing shoes but i wear a size 12 !
good idea ! weekend are my shopping days but i will search the internet
it is nice sometimes to avoid the crowds and i can shop in my pajamas lol .
yes that is the best . how is the weather where you live ?
i am sitting with child on one side and a cat on the other .
i do not think so . i have 5 children and i love them all
being a woman , i would not like to be a man .
what makes you say that ?
sorry i am having trouble crocheting with all these cats and kids
yes they are confused but not about being a boy or girl
they forget things , they do not do their homework , lose jackets , etc
the simple life fits me well , 5 children , cats fill my home
hi , whats your name ?
cool , i am from the other side of the us , michigan to be exact
i am more of a country fan myself since i live on a farm .
do you have any family ?
i love my wife and kids but i miss the single life
good for you , i have already settled down
hi how are you doing ?
i am good , so tell me about yourself ?
yes i am familiar . well i have 4 siblings , draw , like blue and in an apartment . .
any good ? what do you mean by that ?
i am really offended . i am going to go cry now .
well ok . well i think the sax is classy instrument . is that why you chose it ?
i see i see , do you live in a house ?
just picked up all three kids from school . how are you ?
how precious ! do you have permission to chat ? i can go garden instead .
i like soccer too ! i am a school teacher !
i am not very comfortable talking to a 7 year old .
i went to college to teach high school english . like language arts for your age .
just because you are not gifted does not mean you are not smart . is your mother around ?
that sounds yummy . i might make quesadillas .
you must not be from the south .
hey , whats up , from florida !
i do not care about sports much . do you like dogs ?
i do not really . i am kind of a science nerd in high school .
yeah , but my braces cost a lot , so we could not afford to this year .
i just started tenth grade . psychology is cool . digging in peoples brains !
we have 3 dogs , but my favorite is maddie . she is a german shepherd .
i am into science . i will probably study the physical brains !
and i hope you do great with your psychology degree ! d
during every time i drive around the countryside
oh i love those too especially when i go shopping i look for those
so cool i go to college so one day i become a nurse
no i don t really go there and i just live in a very small town
what do you do with those
wow that s that my ust be a sku
how long have you been doing this
so do you like fish do you eat those
hi how are you today
nice do you work then
i am lawyer like my parents
yeah it is very hard
what is their name then
wow that is very cute
i do not have do you have kids
oh what season is the best
hello , i have a question . are your friends better than your brothers and sisters ?
sorry but at times i find my self when i have to choose between the two .
can you out with a friend and miss out your brothers birthday party ?
i cannot do physical exercises and then go for work .
after exercises i just want to take a shower and relax not getting busy again .
may be you are just used to it any way natures difference .
you are right the body needs rest to make up the lost blood .
hi how are you today
i am getting ready to take my four wheel drive truck out for a few
yeah i love driving her its fun especially to go mudding .
i like dogs what kind of dogs are they
those are cute and friendly dogs . what do you do for a living
do you like it ? i work as in a restaurant and hate my uniform
how are you doing today
i was painting my nails
it was quiet and rainy
i wish i was from italy
ok am from central california, but if I could, I would travel the world with my family and find new inspirations.
is it really warm there
that is really really hot
hi there ! what is up ?
well , thanks ! any exciting plans for the weekend ?
cool , you live at home ?
sometimes i drive around in the rain . i have a yellow convertible , i love it
hehe , awesome ! i love cats ! hey , do you ever sing in the shower ?
i have never heard of them . i like katy perry , personally
hehe , awesome ! i was a cheerleader in college , but now i work as a lifeguard , lol
hello , my name is louis and i have a step dad that ignores me .
yes . i have my real dads brain but i do not enjoy programming as much as he does .
no . i am not even happy i have his brain , i never met him .
that is you choice and programming maybe my only choice .
i can imagine . how about a spanish last name that you say is italian ?
yes , all the time . no one knows the difference , they believe me .
you like playing games , lol .
hi ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how is it going ?
i cannot taste it through the computer but i am sure it is tasty
i wish my mom could read . . .
i ate a peanut once . yes .
the clown ? he does not seem very tasty
kpop is good stuff do not you think ?
people eat koreans ! ? and they watch it for entertainment ! ? ! ! that is sick .
you tossed it right over the plate . what can i say
hello ! tell me something about yourself .
i am going to school in the midwest right now . i am a really good student .
congratulations ! that is quite an accomplishment . do you have any pets ?
i have a dog named bart , and i love him to death . what about family ?
i am the only child of divorced parents , which is hard . having lots of friends helps .
yes , bart definitely helps . i could not live without him . and blue . you ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
what class is that ? i work as a cashier at two places
do you like music , i love red hot chili peppers
cool , do you like your job ?
i do too , they are the best humans
its starting to get cold and i love this weather
yes , and the changing trees are beautiful
i never eat at home , how about you ?
i am allergic to cats , do you have any allergies ?
my mom has over 499 shoes , i only have one
i have allergy to peanuts and shellfish also
i love country , how about you ?
i am a Jason Aldean fan ! ! ! and Tim McGraw
oh not me , but when i do i hope no one hears me
all around the house when i am alone ll
yes exactly , that was a great movie
i love almost all types of movies
probably i would have to say horror
what do you do for a living
awesome , i am self-employed at the moment
i am looking for a job , hope to find one soon , need insurance
yes that is great and its a good income , i just want more
yes , Jason Aldean is my favorite
i used to but no so much anymore
i have been so many places that i really just like being a homebody
that is not very good at all
i can agree with that for sure , how's the weather
it is cool , cloudy , windy here
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you enjoy the work ?
wow what was the worst patient ?
yeah i bet that sounds true
i do not work but i get up early
i do not do you
hi how are you today ?
whats the definition of well ?
so anyone can say , well when asked ?
i just say , good and continue on with the conversation .
what is it not grammatically correct
i like to draw . what do you like to do ?
do you have any good recommendations ?
you mean mainstream music ? i am confused .
hello . the traffic today was awful
yikes . i bet you have a long commute like i do . over an hour
not me . i love to sleep in on the weekends
we ovo vegetarians are very health conscious and don t stay up late
i do love fall colors outside . best time of the year for root veggies but not beets
oh i do love me some wine . napa is wonderful
absolutely . luckily there are many vineyards in many states
hello , how are you ? i just came back from biking .
awesome ! are you an olympian ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am an officer myself .
thank you , i always am . i did a marathon yesterday .
absolutely ! fishing is something i have passed on to my kids .
full , lol . it was hot and exhausting , i lost one of my contacts on mile 8
heya , you like tv or movies more ?
whats your favorite show ? it could be on now or from the past
you caught up ? i am a grill cook
how about the ice dragon ? that is a messed up cliff hanger
like 2 years , outrageous haha . favorite character ? sometimes i run
he is a boss . i like argia , but sansa might be my favorite to look at
that is a big assumption . its 2017 man lady
hello how are you tonight
my name is ryan i am at the ymca
i like horror movies and live on the street
that is an interesting combo do you play piano i do
i do play oldies and anything else i can
i could do that for you for sure
that would be fun lets do it
hi there , my husband died and i really need to socialize
to top it off my 6 brothers and sisters never bothered coming to the funeral
i even broke my arm two times the past three months .
it sure has now that my 70 year old parents just got divorced
guess its about the right time to adopt a cat and become the cat lady .
no thank you . i can smell the litter box now and i am sick . yuck .
they are so bad about eating their own though . its so disturbing .
that is so horrible ! i think they eat their babies even when properly fed though , sometimes .
hey whats poppin ? p can i draw you ?
i like drawing . and drawing my friends as map ponies .
really ? ? ? what about cats ? ? i love them
do you like watching tv ? like anime ?
hmmmm . what does he like to watch ? why is he a bum ?
that sucks . we could be bffs . ; p
how old are you ? i am pretty old
want to talk ? i am very interesting
why are they mad ? i own an iphone so nothing is ever bad here
a young lass moving out is what the novel i am writing is about
yeah , since always . we can work if you do not mind me not liking pickles
no , but since black is my favorite color i try to avoid them
watch rick and morty , it is my favorite show and would help
same , do you also own an iphone ?
no wonder you have depression .
sorry , it is just that black is the best color and i hate pickles
i want you to be happy , and that is only possible through apple
hello how are you today ?
doing ok but i have a problem being sad a lot
sad because i am trying to get a new job since losing mine
i worked at a grocery store .
it was ok . i would like to work with computers
maybe repair them not sure
no not really how about you ?
how are you doing today?
good. just cooking some pasta.
what is your favorite dish?
do you fry it or bake it?
is it bad for her diet?
i did not think of that.
i like to cook healthy though.
i love it. i get it from my mom.
hi ! how are you ? my iq is 125 . whats yours ?
wow , considering 130 is the max . do you have any siblings ?
wow , sorry ! me too no siblings and no parents .
no pets . it will be hard to travel , if i have them . i always do that alone , btw
what food do you like ?
steak ! its my favorite ! what do you like to do for fun ?
maybe that could help me sleep . generally , i sleep hours night .
well omg good morning , i need to workout but i do not want to
oh okay , i ride my bike tho but i take pills for my sugar daily
no i just walk my dogs a lot
that is nice , i do like the drums also but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for playing the drums.
i understand me either i am good at it too
i have 3 so i really get it
you are telling the truth lol
i am from ohio so lame lol
hello . care to chat with a cat owner ?
toby . he is kind of cranky . so you got any special characteristics ?
yes . i teach italian since i am very fluent .
i prefer anywhere near an ocean . do you leave near your parents ?
mom still alive , continues to be an osteopath . any children ?
oh wow . must have your hands full .
hello stranger , i am looking forward to getting to know you !
i own a small marketing company . do you play professionally ?
that is great . i usually listen to bands like radiohead , but i like violin music !
i also enjoy taking care of my two little dogs , husband . what are your other interests ?
that is great , both of our dogs are rescues !
maybe you can train him to get the cat guts they use for strings ! ; p
no , but our dogs feel like my kids !
i need a vacation . up i never traveled outside this country
i been take very odd jobs saving up
europe . mediterranean . croatia . just everywhere lol
well i was told its beautiful . i world love to go hikes over there
nah . i was brought into the world under the blood moon . used to weird
me too . my favorite holiday . i am the 4th child and weird
hi just waking up my 5 kids gave me a hard time last night
i am currently on internship at a computer company but thank god no work today
i cope with my moms help . she is a lawyer and work for herself
i see . what do you do at your spare time ?
i see . for me i love going to fish . you can try it its fun
i see you are trying to cope with your bills . its not been easy right ?
hi how are you doing today ?
good ! just looking up movie times . i want to see an action adventure movie .
action adventure is my favorite and i love eating the popcorn !
i really enjoy riding roller coasters outdoors ! it is one of my favorite things to do .
i love riding coasters ! but i have not had much time lately .
i am so busy studying to be a welder . trying to make my mom proud . you won ?
amazing ! i wish ! we have always struggled . my father left my mom when i was five .
it might be better off that way for you . you will not have to share .
how are you doing today
i really love animals and i love to bake
i like to draw and paint
that is cool do you take naps
i like apples cafeteria it is not bad
are you male ? sounds like it . i think nerds are hot .
sounds like my dream guy
we can stay at home and you can teach me stuff all day
hi . my name is paulie . i am a little nervous to meet people .
i work with animals . i prefer them . people are okay . do you have any pets ?
right ? ! i like you . do you read ? i read a lot of crime novels . very mysterious .
it shows . sorry . i am still bummed out . an alligator bit off two of my toes .
it was a steel toe alligator . you eat breakfast ? i eat eggs for breakfast . lots of eggs .
pancakes are people food . i eat animal food . like an animal . i like animals a lot .
i do not get out much . you can tell . i know . have you ever lost a toe ?
hi ! sitting watching football today . you ?
that is very honorable ! i hope to be rich and donate to places .
i am a hockey coach . you ?
a cop ? that is honorable . they are our heroes .
very true . i would donate to the police if i became a millionaire .
i like to play hockey and watch sports
that sounds fun . i do yoga on the weekend
that is nonsense ! no one is too tall for yoga !
hi how are you ? i was just baking a cake
italian food is great i could bake a lasagna , baking is my forte .
iron maiden rocks ! i like riding my horse and listening to rock .
i watch netflix with my mom all the time since she retired from teaching .
home security is very important here in texas where i live .
ahh i see , do what you love , i want to be a botanist , i love roses .
hey there , how are you ?
a vacation sounds good especially if it includes rock climbing .
a vacation where i could write would be great too . it is how i make a living .
oh i bet it would be . i write a lot about my dog .
sorry to hear that . something funny , my dog has black hair and so do i .
i totally believe it to be true . do you have any pets ?
hi how are you today ?
what other fruits do you like ?
that is good i love apples and grapes strawberries and watermelon too .
really i love meat does your diet consist of veggies ?
the skin is good has lots of the vitamins and minerals
i work in a daycare center with the babies what do you do for work ?
that is good is it stressful ?
hola ! happy friday ! how are you ? !
i love music ! i love blaring katy perry in the car and travelling !
hahahahaha ! the katy perry part or the driving part ? !
who your favorite artist ?
do you know sign language ? i am still learning , but i love to practice !
my sisters are crazy ! how many sisters or brothers do you have ?
hello , do you like animals ?
i love animals . they are my closest friends .
i have many breeds of animals , and i go to shelters all the time .
is your band on youtube ?
oh , i love youtube . they have the best animal videos .
i bet , what bands do you like ?
cool . i like country when i am outdoors . the wildlife love it .
i just love watching all the animals run by while i am out there .
hey how are you today ?
that is cool . guitarist are pretty awesome . i like to read
i am doing well . i do not have time right now i am getting a biology degree
i do . my favorite book though is 1984
i do not think i have learned that yet . but it hurts to outside
i do like animal farm . what do you do ?
that is awesome because i love to read
that is neat . what do you write about
how are you this evening ?
ha ! i remember those days .
17 . i had to wear them in catholic school back in new england .
well , my life has been very sheltered but now . . . .
yes , i plan on raising some hell and getting some !
right on . nothing wrong with that .
we have a cat and a dog .
hello how are you doing ?
regular of course . do you love art ? i just opened an art gallery .
oh i am also a scientist . trying to make ice last longer .
i thought it was the pepsi phalange ? have any kids ? i have 3
katy perry for sure . how about you mars or jupiter ?
yes mars for me too . would love to see the surface one day .
no maybe under the surface who knows . have you ever taken karate ?
hey names chad and i am 6 feet . really love high school .
i am a junior in high school . and enjoy track and field in the spring
i also go dancing with friends . not clubbing
well whatever gets the body going . i guess . lol we just have fun .
is that really healthy thing to do only eat fruit ?
oh ok , i guess if i did that my mom would yell at me .
do , i mean i am in high school after all .
yeah , but soon i will be attending college and things will change .
hi how are you today
that sounds nice is that your job
wow how tall are they
i am sorry to hear that
are you both turning 27 ?
because of the 27 club
a bunch of famous celebrities died at 27
kurt cobain , amy winehouse , jimi hendrix
hello , how are you tonight ?
what are you playing ? my boys got me hooked on fallout .
i have never heard of that one . i play minion rush on my kindle .
what platform is it for ? i also draw and paint .
we have alpacas and dogs .
that is a weird color , does your job permit it ?
i am a redhead . i also have grey eyes .
do you have any kids ?
hi there , how are you ?
sounds great a visit is overdo . .
after i play a few arcade games .
chicken is good , will there be music ? linkin park rocks
after learning i have autism music is my therapy .
about a year ago , now i understand why i was quiet in school .
shocked and relieved it explained why i was so withdrawn .
yes that sounds like a good plan what time do we leave ?
hello , care to chat with a female educator ?
i am good . enjoyed my favorite movie magic mike . how about you ?
oh nice ! you must enjoy hiking like i do singing .
oh sounds nice . so where are you from
the big apple . whats it like out that way ?
oh nice ! might need to visit one day . check out the video game stores too .
hi , do you want to go water skiing with me ?
are you old ? i might have met you before .
oh , i thought maybe i would have seen you around the nursing home .
do you have any red flowers ?
hmm . my dad never let me eat fruits . he said only criminals did .
he never said anything about that . i am not sure .
okay , come feed me some and let me try them .
hi , i am very family oriented . are you ?
cool . what do you and your friends like to do ?
sorry to hear that . i love jazz music and playing bingo with my husband .
that is awesome , some day i have trouble walking , i have metal in my knee
i shattered my knee playing tennis
that is not so bad at least you will be healthy
i take iron and b12 everyday
oh you have to keep everything running smoothly
hi there . what are you doing ?
yummy . i eat pita while i listen to miles davis . do you drive ?
what are their names ? i only use my bicycle .
here do you work ? i am in a cannery .
i like nurses , one fixed my nose a s a boy .
i was only ten when the accident happened . i love jazz now .
how can i help with that ?
no , kids are the best ! sometimes on my bike rides i see children playing .
i speak several languages but it wasn't easy
just like carrying a big edged weapon
sesame street ? you know it ?
test child , i was the first for that
oh , yeah ? fire forest in ca i started it
oh , i work in a radio station , they use my voice
what other skills do you have then
hi , do you have any dogs ?
yes , i own a doberman like the man that i am
his name is tiny lol
i fix trucks and sell them
yes , i love my job . do you work ?
sounds like a rewarding job
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
nothing much just watching tv
what do you do for a living ?
i like to volunteer at the hospital on my free time
why do you say that ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ? i like skiing
hi i am sam and i just moved to florida
very nice down there . i wonder what it is like to eat a grasshopper .
when the tide is low that is when i will surf .
well that is pretty cool and yes i do like the twilight series
wow , that is pretty cool . i am just working towards on doing better things with my life
that is not my thing to be honest with you
well maybe , we shall see how things pan out .
eat grasshoppers and make sure it is cooked sounds like a good plan
hello hello . how are you ?
i actually love to learn about historical things . how about you ?
all kinds really . its why i am happy with my job .
i work in a museum so it definitely is . what do you do ?
i bet that is exciting ! i love classical sounding music .
well , given my disability it was natural i get into such things .
i definitely do agree .
oh i do not play any . i am just a fan of classical music is all .
hi how are you today
are you happy about that
what is the best animal
nice do you work then
then you must practice often
i was in the navy
yeah for our ships yeah
yeah it would be windy
hello how are you doing .
it is late and i am eating pizza i love it .
what is your current occupation ?
wish you were here so i could share .
i should not be eating this late because of my athletic career .
i love to listen to classical music while rubbing my cat stomach .
i have been fortunate to have never fractured a bone .
do you have any pets ?
hi there how are you
me too . its good for my beautiful rose garden .
cool . our hospital has a starbucks . love it there !
it is . although i am unsure they had it at woodstock where my parents met
me too . i should have done more than swim in college and had experiences like that
wow ! you should really put it more to use haha
i am sorry . i always go out to eat too much even just for coffee at starbucks .
hey ! ! i am jessi , i was born and raised in san francisco
fun ! ! i love band shirts ! so does my labrador bongo
no way ! ! ! i can relate i was demoted because of my trip to paris
wow . . confession time okay ! i stole my sisters boyfriend .
what songs ! ? i can listen to it on my trip in december .
can not wait ! i am a pharmacist by the way
really interesting ! my one and only sister is an artist too
graffiti art ! she is the reason we are going to paris .
hey man , hope your day is going better than mine .
could be better , just having a bad run of things for the last few months .
all i can do is keep going . at least oggin is cheep hobbie .
music , but that is about it . i have been out of work for a while .
yea , dads in jail , i had to go on welfare to survive . feel like a losser .
hey thanks . everything helps , wish i could afford a real good steak though .
hi
good and you ?
stay at home mom ?
i am a college student from cali
i like comics and video games
yes i am in a dorm
whered you go ?
hello . what are you hobbies ? i like to read
cool ! we have not had family pictures done since i got divorced
yes i do . do not see them much since i am an er nurse
oh yes i know how that is . drink lots of dr pepper to get through
what do you do for work at night ?
sounds interesting . what do you do in your spare time ?
i spend a lot on books since i love to read
anything really . murder mysteries are my favorite
hello how are you today ?
nice , ism trying to plan my next trip to ireland .
ll , yes definitely . have you ever been ?
my mom was born there so we try to go as often as possible .
i have also been to australia a bunch . do you travel ?
that sounds awesome ! my father wrote a book about that trail .
hello , how are you today ?
nice , i just got off work from mcdonald
i am only 18 , but i want to work before college to get a car .
yea , i just think there is no rush .
that is good . i was not surrounded by good friends so i am living at home still .
cool , high school is nice .
i do not really like studying . what do you do for fun ?
hey there what is your weekend plans ?
i do i have 3 , all dogs .
why not ? 2 girls 1 boy . like the lake ?
when i am not in the bank i go to it so peaceful
no i am a accountant an yep that is the 1 blue fence ?
yea that fence is my favorite color
blue is , the color of that fence . you should paint it over .
i only have six month to live
well i could be doing better
then y should marry them i would marry justin bieber if i could
what kind i like skinny myself just like bieber
so do u like pizza it is awesome
do they make expression because i am terrible at that
do you like candy or sweets
you are quite obsessed with this
hello would you like to chat with a zoo keeper ?
so do you have a profession ? my wife and i are zoo keepers .
nice . if training over 20 types of animals counts toward exercise then yes .
oh that is nice . are you married ?
sorry to hear . my wife is a recent breast cancer survivor .
yes . do you have any children ?
i have a daughter , just graduated top of her class . so proud .
hi ! do you believe in magic ?
zebras are cool . my daughter loves them .
cool . if magic was real i could make a zebra appear for my daughter .
haha . no . but i cannot wait for christmas ! it is so much fun to get mail packages
not lately . time for me to go fantasize about christmas !
that would be interesting . nice fantasy ! hope it happens .
you can do whatever you want to do . . . if you believe in magic !
you should believe in magic . . .
hello , how are you today ?
i am fine , thanks . are you a college student ?
that is so nice that you can be home with your children .
i get your children love that you are a baker . . lots of sweets . .
sounds yummy ! when i am not in school , i do construction work .
sounds yummy ! when i am not in school , i have a summer job .
i graduated from college today . i am so excited .
well i wanted to go overseas and play basketball but i have to have surgery .
those are both nice places , do you go often ?
well i hope after they fix my knee i can still play basketball , maybe in ireland .
oh yes , cats , dogs and fish . how about you ?
i like bigger dogs since i am so tall .
i would get a great dane , but i would not want to clean up that much poop .
hello from new york from the fashion district !
i am well . so what do you do for a living ? i am a fashion student .
cool ! i love to shop and get inspired for my future fashion career .
that is very important . i have had my eyes on fashion since i was young .
yes , alexander mcqueen and coco chanel have always been my motivators .
what instrument do you play ?
that sounds very interesting .
yes , it is important to stay in shape .
hi ! worried about my mom she is not doing well
good idea the neighborhood we live in is bad so it's scary
neighbors are always yelling at night i hate it
neat my school is really bad , wish i had another choice
oh nice . i have no artistic abilities at all
yes i do . that makes me feel better . . lol
ll i like sprite
yes carbonation is that way
whats up ! was your day as awesome as mine ?
those are nice think i might get one next
yeah , i am tight on money to i am a widow
my parents divorced my senior year so i lost motivation to go to college
my 5th brother likes to do that
my husband was from mexico
i know about 50 of the language
good afternoon how are you
awesome i just went shopping online
me too i think i might read
fantasy fiction for right now
i am an engineer what about you
awesome i am also a mom
three and times get crazy
yes a dog would be great
hi . how are you doing today ?
just great thanks . i just got in from the tennis courts .
how wonderful ! everything there is so green and beautiful .
sounds like fun . i really love listening to music , all genres , after i get home .
really ? sounds like we would get along just fine ! i also love movies , comedy especially
i love anything with melissa mccarthy . she is great !
me too ! did you also like the new ghostbusters ?
what are your plans for the weekend when school is out ?
sounds cool i got a hockey game and the just gonna chill with my friends
yep i am in high school and play on the ice hockey team . do you go to school ?
no i am just focusing on school right now . where are you from ?
i am in maine and i have a dog that i bring everywhere with me . you ?
he is a pit and he is the best dude
yep they are . are you a chick or a dude ?
hey hows it going
you should chase lizards on island like me
there is so much stuff to do , like snorkeling . its my favorite
does he like mangoes ? the fresh mangoes here are amazing
i ironically listen to gary human , it motivates me to hunt lizards
we do not have many stores . so i import apple products to learn about them
hi , what are you up to today ?
just got back from a hike , my favorite hobby . beautiful fall day here
i do love playing in the snow . . but i miss my garden during winter lol
all vegetables , i am vegan so i enjoy growing our own food
i just got a new accounting job so i have less time in the garden already lol
lol what is your favorite rap ?
oh nice , i could never think that fast to rap haha
hey , how are you doing ? i am taking some time off from playing rpg games .
omg ! i still live with my mom . i have never been on a farm .
that is very unfortunate . i like my co-worker a lot but she does not know .
i am afraid she will not like me because i frequently use my inhaler around her .
i think i will live with my mom for the rest of my life then .
i am happy when i play my video games .
i guess i will forget about my crush .
hello , my name is rose . how are you doing today ?
sounds fun . i just finished eating fried eggplant and smoking my pipe .
yeah , may be the reason i was married five times .
i happen to live in chicago and i own a bar there .
i do not have any hobbies but i did win my third grade spelling bee .
what kind of fantasy fiction ?
i like paranormal stuff too . my winning word was glasses .
that is sad . why can you not remember ?
hi , how are you doing ?
i am good , where are you from ? i live in florida because i hate cold .
oh wow that is cool . you have any hobbies ?
that is fun , i am really into watching csi . my parents are actually lawyers .
i am in school too . i would love to work at the smithsonian when i graduate .
what do you want to do when you graduate ?
i think that would be an interesting career
history is neat . i have swam with manta rays before so that also interest me .
hi how are you doing
yum what kind of pizza
i can go for that every once in a while
yeah haha do you like to cook
i am a chef and i bake a lot i would love to open a bakery one day
i like to make pies
that is nice do you like to travel
wow that is pretty exciting what team
how are you doing tonight ?
i hate having to clean up after messy people . factory workers are the worst !
i like eating ice cream when i am watching ufc .
when i am not watching the fights i go for drives in my car .
jeep liberty . he is great to travel in . he is red though lol
i like my 4 wheel drive . gets me places most cars can't go .
Missouri but the winters have not been bad lately .
the river . i live at a lake . i go fishing a lot in summer .
check out the big lakes , they are great for that .
hello , how are you today ?
good , i have a consultation with a plastic surgeon today .
ooh , like those doctor pimple popper ones ?
hmm , well i just might be going for some botox soon .
i actually really love cutting hair , but i am not even a barber
lol , me too , especially those like model swords
my favorite is this fat elvis flavor , it is like moose tracks but with banana ice cream
ooh , i love pistachios but where i live they are so expensive
hi there what do you do for fun ?
iguanas sound like a lot of fun ! what do you do for a living ?
you should train your dog to be one of those police dogs too .
sassy the reading dog . sounds like a winner !
so are you in college or anything ?
i paint too . walls mostly in the summertime . white so the houses can sell .
i just do it in the summer so that i can afford to travel
hello , how are you tonight ?
awesome . i have three sisters and two brothers . we reside in n . dakota
i am a waitress , i am working on a drawing of our family restaurant .
my brother has a bike shop , he can sweet talk a cat into buying one .
i m looking to move to savannah , as soon as we open our other restaurant .
i do too . i found a house with a pond .
i will do just that , we can have dessert at my restaurant .
it will be an american fusion , the one here is a steakhouse .
how are you this evening ?
tired . just walked my 2 dogs after a long day at work .
i am at a insurance agency . i am a secretary . you ?
i like my tablet . i read novels on it like true crime ones .
me too . we go to disney every year and i listen to it on the trip .
my 2 brothers go so i go with them . where do you travel to ?
very cool . thank you for your service .
hi , what do you do in your free time ?
i won't laugh . i like reading , my all-time favorite is david copperfield .
what do you do for a living ?
sweet . my twin brother is a mechanic !
i am a competitive dancer ! but i am too short to be a ballerina .
yes , many tap competitions .
i live in the northeast part of the united states . you ?
that was hard work, but I just finished planting all the seedlings.
ouch! I cannot wait until this baby is born so I can take my leave.
sometimes it feels like I live at work. How many babies have you delivered?
all your own? That is impressive! What I would not give for a Pinot Noir!
wow. My job seems so pointless in comparison.
at the mall. I really like the atmosphere of tasteless consumerism.
yes. Have you heard of Express?
no, I am afraid all of the workers are under surveillance.
hey what up with you today do you like shopping
i want to stay in a forest
i am getting a sheltie but i really hate all these questions .
oct 5 is when i get to get my puny
hee is an angel . sso fluffy and tiny .
no , i do not like that , it gives them gas .
ahahah yeah , he is actually the son of a dog i raised .
oooo whats going on today ?
pharmacy hmmm ? are you a pharmacist ?
very nice . do you recommend a medication for sausage fingers ? apparently i have that .
would that also cause bloating ?
i see . i will do that . at least i can still draw .
oh yes . but it gives me material for my stand up comedy gig .
hi , how has your day been so far ?
sounds spicy ! ! i just finished writing some poetry .
are you enjoying it ? i love to write it is so freeing .
do you have any other hobbies ? i sing in a band . punk band actually .
i have not heard of them actually .
nice ! i enjoy skating also . what is your favorite color ?
black is mine and i wear a lot of it !
nice ! i have long blonde hair !
hello ! how is your yarn wrapped today ?
so does speckles . he is my favorite cat . i have him tattooed on my shoulder .
helping is good . shopping makes me happy .
i do not have kids . two tattoos though . knitting needles and my cat .
what . that did not even make sense .
you said oh my husband yes then he is when firefighter . haha
it happens . i find them all the time at my office .
i do editing on books .
hi how are you today ?
not too bad having just woke up
i am thinking of a bbq sandwich for lunch
do you know any celebs ? i live near a few
oh that is kind of dangerous i am only 19 i think that would be scary
i still have an imaginary friend lol
mine is named cindy she is uber cool
hello there ! how are you doing ?
i like playing stringed instruments a lot !
i love playing my a lot whenever i am not with my pets or kids .
i am going to a bakery with mine to eat my favorite dessert !
chocolate cake , with extra frosting !
are you on a diet by chance ?
how many kids do you have ?
hello how is it going today
my daily six miles a day
do you have any hobbies
i enjoy flying model airplanes , kayak and imagine dragons
nothing like traveling its awesome
i do not pay attention to those
that would be totally awesome
french its a wonderful language
hi hows it going . howre ya
nice . my dad used to tinkle with cars
i guess he should have kept it in
nice talking to you mate
aww then how . gotta get her one
that is cool . make me a pizza sometime
hi there , how are you today ?
i am doing great thank you
that sounds interesting ! what is in it ?
i have never gone riding , but i love to run
that sounds delicious ! do you just mix and bake it ?
no , i normally just run the track at the high school
do you have any pets ? i have three
lucky her , i can not wait to retire
i am good , how are you ?
i do not play video games , but i cook for my family
i do not think so , but my x likes my cooking . i still talk to him
so do i , live with my parents i mean
no , but i am looking for one . i do need one
i tried that , but i do not think it is my thing
why do you not like jobs ?
hi there ! hows it going ?
i am taking a break from work . what book are you reading ?
sounds cool . do you make pizza yourself ?
i like playing my guitar and playing video games when i am not working .
i can be , it depends how into the game i am . do you game alone ?
i see , sounds pretty nice !
i am a beef guy , but all pizza is good to me
hi how are you today
where do you work at
that does sound better than groceries
are you allergic to anything ?
to peanuts very badly allergic
wow it might have been me
i am in the usa and you
i want to have a ferret
hi what do you do ?
i love baked goods . i m a youtube video moderator
that s nice . my favorite part of camping is sleeping
i don t do that much driving
well i also work another job at mcdonalds so i don t have much extra time
yes i do make food there . however , my real passion is writing
i blog about the youtube videos, but I wish I could spend more time blogging about my baseball games
hi , how is your day going ?
i am grilling a big steak and listening to an opera cd a friend gave me .
i do not have many artistic pursuits myself , but i enjoy others who do .
i love animals but have a condo so pets are not possible right now .
it does , but i have to be up at 4am for work , but maybe someday !
ha , that is hilarious . i sing heavy metal really loud and that might count . lol
i am hoping to see my favorite band in canada this year . i have have not been there yet .
hey there ! what are you up to ?
that is cool ! i am getting ready to go for a run .
me too ! my asthma is really embarrassing and makes me uncomfortable around others .
that is too bad . thankfully i have dance and old hockey friends , so i am not lonely .
do you like to garden ?
that is pretty cool . your garden is like my sports .
i currently dance . when i was younger i played hockey though .
hi have you seen the clouds today ? i love watching them
eh , i guess reding is more fun than selling snakeskin oil lol 9 to 5
i could probably read some jacob sartorius lyrics lol he is my favorite
yeah you should definitely listen to him sometime
i saw some guy gardening and gave him a long stare from afar
yup its my best flirt move lol
that is a good one too
hi
i like camping and fishing
can you make ice cream ? its my fave
where are you from ?
i am a cop
i watch a lot of news
hi there how are you
awesome ! tell me about yourself
i have a decent amount myself
that is a bummer . i am not close with my family either
i would think hitchhiking would be dangerous ! i am studying to be a dental hygienist
i hate seeing patients saliva !
yes it is pretty gross . i am a front office girl at a doctor's office now though
how are you doing today ?
i am great . i just got back from the farmers market .
i make vegan food . how about you ?
did you grow up there ?
oh , i see . i grew up in the country , so i am just an average joe .
that is nice . are you enjoying your time out there ?
that is not good . would not it be better to wait then ?
hi how are you tonite ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am 30 still living at home trying to open my own business
you too ? what kind of business ?
mee too . where are you from ?
so when do you think you will open one ?
www that suck , why not ?
hi , 45 f , i work for in marketing . married for 23 years
ok , well the economy make things tough . our 23 year old just moved out herself .
i am sure it helps to move home if necessary since you are starting a new business .
i am sure ! what do you in your free time ? i play games with my son on xbox
mine is also marketing . so stressful though i use to drink too much from the job
no i quit drinking alcohol now i listen to isaiah rashad to relax
my uncle is color blind , from what i understand you are still able to differentiate colors
yes , some colors are harder for him than others
hey ! i am paula , nice to meet you
good ! thank you ! yourself ? just browsing the internet ! love it !
sure ! making cakes and reading the bible are my favorite things .
well so so i love country music !
mmmm i used to want when i was younger . . do you work ? i got a new job
oh . i am a high school teacher as well . . what food do you like ? m
i am a strictly vegetarian now . . realized meat is not good
i used to be adventist and learnt a lot with the ,
i am in medical school right now how can i help you ?
about five minutes because you keep texting me
that is a cool story , listen both my parents are doctors so i do not have a choice
it does , that is why i study so hard but i actually wanted to be an actor
no because it would bring shame to my family
studying , learning , passing tests . like come on do i sound like i have time for fun
and what disappoint my family no thanks , i wish i could be carefree
i doubt it , i hate my life
hello ! how are you ?
fantastic . sitting here with my beer and my dog .
wines fer fancy sissy types .
only atmosphere i need is my gun in my hand and the dog on the scent .
my dog ai not messy . he does his job and catches the ducks fer dinner .
to catch them durn ducks !
damn right i am !
i do not like the city . all those vegetarians . not a duck in sight .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i work at a pizza parlor and live in the city in chicago as well
if you get it without cheese it is . do you play any instruments ?
what city are you from ?
okay . do you grow vegetable on the farm you are staying at ?
i live in the city with my two younger brothers and my mother
twelve and fifteen years old
i hope to be a drummer when i grow up
good morning how is it going
i am very forgetful at times
i have two mothers so awesome
not afraid of what others think of me
nope but i love spaghetti and meatballs
my boyfriend still work for nasa how cool is that
i could not do that would not want to hurt them if it came down to it
do not want to kill anything or anyone i would cry
hi , how is it going ?
yes i have a degree in finances , my son does pretty well too
so what do you do for a living ?
ok i manage a warehouse
i have to eat lean cuts of meats
i like to stay in shape
i can understand that
i have an extensive variety of games and i love taking my wife out
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
relaxing a little after a busy week . i run a family restaurant with my brothers
i have not picked up my guitar in years . i really should make time for it
what is your favorite song
that is a good one
i run a family restaurant with my brothers . its a lot of work but family is 1
its not for everyone . sometimes i wonder if its for me !
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am just sitting at home watching netflix with my family .
my mom is making pasta for dinner tonight , i love italian food !
i am sorry to hear that , you listen to any music ?
it is good to have goals . you should checkout iron maiden , they rock !
great ! let me know what you think . you play video games ?
i make 3d models for video games . it is pretty sweet !
it is my job . i also make models for animations .
hi there , how are you ?
pretty good , a little tired today , but good . what do you do ?
oh really , where are you moving to ?
in california . i am going to school .
code mostly . i am studying to be an engineer . what about you ?
i have a brother and we are close . we are thinking of starting a business together .
oh , i am sorry ! how long ago ?
hi ! ! mom waitress her ! how are you ?
cool , do you get free samples ?
well i am a 24 7 mom as well as a college student so i could use a beer
that is fab . i am waitressing and only get 2 . 15 hr . any freebies are appreciated .
yes , but poor guy is barely making anything . he is selling sperm .
ll , i have no time for music . what does she sing about ?
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?
visiting with family mostly . i have to visit or talk to my sister often .
oh , i got mugged yesterday . does your dad know of a good place for self defense classes ?
i was wanting to go back to school , but not that school now . happened out of nowhere .
yes i am . do you like to watch netflix ?
i have been watching making a murder and now self defense classes are near
my sister is going to join me as well . we should meet and make plans .
hello tell me about yourself
well i am 19 , my favorite player is mike trout and i am starting a short stop
a little but i do love oldies rock like ccr and paul anka , acdc
dang that sounds painful , i have not broke a bone
i have actually love the weather
i love the museums and the fisher shop
okay so down i have not been there in a while
mostly baseball how about you ?
it is nice to meet you . where do you work ?
i have a job at amazon . i have two children . one is 8 like you .
a girl . are you a girl ? do you have pets ?
dogs are great if you live in the country . i do . do you ?
nice . i am trying to build a robotic superhero . i love robot things .
no , do you ? do you have hobbies ?
i probably agree with your parents . i am pretty conservative . any siblings ?
that is a terrible show . she should be scared . i do not watch it .
hello how are you doing ?
good . just hanging with friends then off to work .
got some great friends . real estate and waitress on weekend .
are you close with your family ? what do you do now ?
that is a wonderful job . think there should be parents raising kids .
youngest of 8 kids so yes .
i am the baby of the family . so mom and i and dad are close .
my time to time pleasure is mcdonalds .
hello , my name is jim . i am a chef .
hi , pam . wow , you are a mom . that is great .
i am not married , myself . too bald , i think lol .
as i said , i am a chef . classically trained .
my mother would not agree , but i do have my own restaurant . do you cook ?
that is great . where are you from ?
i am from baton rouge , but now i live in seattle .
not as much as people think , but it can get pretty rainy .
hello ! how are you ? i am undecided about which coffee flavor i will drink .
do you like asparagus ? i will know if you ate some .
ewww but i do like my steaks bloody and almost red .
maybe my dog will enjoy that ! he got me married twice !
he is single ! i am remarried .
thanks ! i am so short that i never thought i will be marrying .
hello do you play any instruments
that is so cool i am currently learning guitar
what do you do in your spare time ? comic con is my favorite place
people dress up show off their work i go there to promote my short films
that is good to keep up with my dad jus had a heart attack
it is ok he is fine now
yes i was lucky to have my family and my significant other by my side
awww i am sorry to hear that but do not give up love finds all
hello how are you doing this evening ?
that is good . what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! i work for a big company
i am a customer service representative
yes i do . but i love my job
i am from the south . i am from alabama
since yesterday it has been cold and rainy
but usually it is hot here
hi , how is it going today ?
nice , i hope i have a nice park nearby when i move .
wow that is a lot of siblings . are you the youngest ?
no , i do not . my parents are kinda controlling so i am the only child .
i am not into sports . i really like art , though i am pretty hard on myself sometimes, I wish I had more time to dedicate to my art.
that is a good way to handle it haha
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
not too bad . still flustered over a missed audition .
ups would be a good outfit to work for . applied there once myself .
i see . i was going to audition for a talent show , but i panicked .
fedex has purple in their uniform , do they not ?
i love to sing , but my shyness always gets the better of me .
it would be worth looking into , at any rate .
that is true . maybe next time i will be able to just go for it .
hi ! how are you ?
i am nervous . i live in florida and the hurricane is headed for my house .
we had to evacuate with just us and our three dogs .
yes . my dog , maddie , was very scared on the ride .
i love science ! what about you ?
that is so cool ! well i got to go . have a good day !
hello how is your weekend going ?
do you have any collections or hobbies ?
nice ! i like to find vintage furniture at thrift stores . find anything good lately ?
nice , do you have a favorite team ?
i am a fan of the seattle seahawks myself . do you like music ?
i like the beatles i think i have all their cds and some old vinyls .
its been great chatting with you !
hi , i am ruth , i am on a mission about jokes .
first , some jokes become hurtful , bc they go too far .
that is cool about old things and new uses . i am into simple jokes .
i also prefer things from long ago simpler times of life .
my friend soulmate likes the south park cartoons , etc i hate them .
i do not have a car , what kind do you have ?
hi how are you today ?
not today atleast . missing someone ?
are your dogs your children ?
i bake but i am very humble
yeah i just do it until i can retire
everything . guess i wo not use eggs in your cake !
hello , do you like video games ? i love nintendo .
that is exciting . where are you from ? i am from the great white north .
i race rc cars competitively . i also train dogs . i own eight huskies .
i use them for my sled . what do you like to paint ?
canada also has some amazing landscapes . the place i fish is amazing .
no real cities around me . the far far west if you look on a map .
are you near the fires in california ?
i wish there was a better way to handle those fires .
hey , are you the guy who wanted his airplane fixed ?
oh , my apologies . i like to keep busy and was expecting his call today .
well then , how can i help you ?
animals are great , i understand .
my dog , max . he loves hanging his head out of my old ford truck window .
what do you do for a living ?
i do not miss those days .
it is worth it for sure . what kind of car do you drive ?
hello how are you today ? i am so cold today brrr
not bad for a viking
i have a viking boat and love to fish on it
nice ! i like to pillage and also dine at fine restaurants
love both chinese and mexican as well as italian . and you ?
i bet . yes i do love a grilled steak maybe a ribeye
of course all the fat is there but makes it so tasty
i am exhausted . how are you ? i am at work way too long lol
wow yea that is a lot going on huh
i am a specialist for an engineering company .
yes like science and stuff haha i need some time off in mexico
not just with work but i am ocd in general . everything has to be perfect and its exhausting
and no i hate bill nye . lol he is an idiot
haha you like bill bye ? he is too political
good morning . how is everything ?
sales is difficult in my opinion . i . t . is what i do .
bless your heart ! flowers are beautiful
i live off of the bible .
why would i eat the old testament ? that is kinky
wut ? lol changing the topic . kings of leon is an awesome band
hi how are you today ?
do you swim very often ?
wow do you eat well too ?
you should teach me to eat better
oh i love to drink doctor pepper
nice do you ever chew gum
yeah blackjack is my favorite ever
hello ! how are you this morning ?
i am doing good . ready for my busy day today . like all mondays
driving my kids to school , sports , my book clubs , 2 brunch groups and pta . whew
sounds easier than my day . do not you wish you can just pick up and leave .
i agree . but being a clothing designer in paris is more attractive than soccer mom .
i am with you . but at least we got martinis on girls nights out . right ?
how are you doing this fine day ?
just a little angry right now
my boyfriend lost his job and filed for unemployment
it means less time for me to take my daughter to the park she loves
i remember those times like it was yesterday
i moved into the apartment i am in when i graduated 7 years ago
nothing right now since my daughter started school
hi how are you today
i should do some of that . just chilling in my apartment .
i bet . my mom is a teacher
i usually draw to relax
for sure . do you have siblings ?
i have four of them ! so many
just trick them into thinking its gross . i had to
very true . whats your favorite color ?
hi names alice and i do not like the holidays because i have to work
i am a police officer and they do rotations and it is my time .
i sometimes fix my ford truck that i drive from time to time .
that is good , i collect guns at home . my ex wives hated the been married 3 times
wow . and see what happened . i am not getting married again . i am done .
huh , that is interesting would you like to share more ?
that does not sound so bad .
pleasantries ! ! bernard here . how are you ?
i was playing my guitar at the club .
it was great . how did the kids behave .
no wife or kids in this house . just me .
where do you work ? i work in the lab . scientist .
that is honorable . i cook on my off time . 5 cuisines .
will do . great talking tonight .
i definitely will . bring enough for the whole team ! !
hello , how are you ? what do you like ?
that is cool . i have a bike i like to ride . do you have pets ?
i am the proud owner of a small dog . tell me more .
i am a younger male doctor . thank you for your service . ride parleys ?
definitely an upgrade ! i love to let my longer beard blow in the breeze !
you will be a night rider then ?
hey there ! how are you doing ?
what book ? i am well . . . just folding and putting away my work pants .
i have read a few by Timothy Zahn . i am a chef . you ?
i do ! i get tired of wearing the same five pants and jackets though .
oh my . shrimp mee hoon and all sushi creations are my favorite .
that it is . you do not consider seafood to be meat ?
i like my local sushi joint but hate waiting in lines . . . so i make my own .
you have more than one phone ?
are you getting married soon ?
i wanted to make your wedding cake
i can come over and feed you
pizza , brownies , and cookies , and ham
it is . a feast for friends
okay great . then maybe you could go with me somewhere
to the theater ? to the park ? wherever
hi , how are you doing ? i am listening to some wagner right now . . .
i am good , thanks . boyfriends . . . they all play too many video games these days it seems .
yes , me too sister . i am just itching to visit paris soon . ever been ?
i listen to classical music and visit the opera every chance i get . . . really .
congratulations ! seven is still a magical age . boyfriend get along with her ?
cool . guess you must keep dancing if she loves him , but does not work !
food is good . when you are over six foot like myself , you appreciate food trust me .
a dancing hot dog maker wow . you must live in new york city . lol .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am always reading and watching anime
i stay home most of the time
i live with my parents
yes i study a lot and draw a lot
i study criminal justice now
what do you get frustrated about
hi , i am megan , what is your name ?
yes i have a lot of hobbies ! i like to explore and do crafts
what genre of music is that ? i love music !
oh , i mainly listen to r b , especially when i am going on my long walks
pizza ! i like it extra cheesy
mangos are very good ! especially when it's nice and juicy !
i like to sit by my lake and make scarfs
that sounds fun ! yes it makes me happy and puts a smile on my face
hi , how are you today ?
well , i want to travel . . . . working up to go on a cruise ship . never been on one .
i do go out tho . ny boyfriend takes me to dance lessons .
very cool . games or practical application ?
wow ! next you will be telling me you are in japan or something .
i do not have any kids .
actually i do a lot of shopping on the weekends . i was thinking about getting a dog .
i may just do that . i want a shelter pet tho .
hey there , how are you today ?
that is cool . i wish i could play . i am stuck in my bed . medical reasons
yea me to . i literally sit on facebook all day . or play computer games
no . i probably should read more though . i do work from home which is nice
that is awesome . i should look into that .
i would have to say blue . i love the ocean so
kind of . i live about 2 hours away so not to bad
how far off are you from the ocean ?
hey care to chat with a nurse ?
i do . do you like to surf ? i love it .
what jobs do you have ?
spouse ? i am married to my sweetheart from high school .
do you like to bake ? i do and i am great at it
my pop was in the military , so me army brat .
that is wonderful and awesome .
so do you have any weekend plans ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
that sounds lovely . i am not allowed to be alone with men . daddy is a preacher .
i do not . i work
i listen to gospel , and read a lot .
i like looking at paintings .
i do , i am a walking dead fan .
i love the one who carries Lucille , and father Gabriel .
it is a great show . my neighbor was Daryl for Halloween last year .
hey there , how are you ?
great ! i just got back from my favorite sushi place for lunch .
it is my favorite ! i am a vegetarian but i eat fish all the time .
they are green which are accentuated by my blonde hair .
my favorite store is having a sale , i am so excited .
it sells home decor . my parents pay my bills so i try to keep things nice .
do you have any pets ?
hi there ! whats going on ?
just taking a quick work break before finishing up a project .
nice ! i typically telecommute and work for a local tech company .
good for you . i need to get out and walk to my local library more .
what books are your favorites in that genre ?
ahh . i like sunrises and sunsets . to me that is natures poetry .
hello , do you like animals ?
i love all animals , especially my 4 cats . i do not eat meat because of that .
i understand . what do you do for fun ?
i see a hockey game every fall when i visit my sister in toronto .
really ? mine too . what is your occupation ?
i sell cars , which is weird because i take the subway everyday to work .
new york city . i might start driving . i saw a clown on the subway today .
i am less afraid to drive as i am terrified of clowns though .
no way . i heard it was good but too scary for me . you ?
dude whats poppin ? how u doin ?
is it the weekend already ? totally awesome ! no job no time
jelly ! killer munchie food . i am about to sk8 board is life
no job is the way to go . the man is not holding you down . carefree
when i dye my hair i listen to the classics , blue and orange takes a long time .
i use them on my nails . the name is dingy dave by the way
hi there how's it going ?
mmmm pretty good maybe better if i had a bag of chips hanging around .
um , well . . . hey do you shop on amazon ?
very cool . i go camping a lot and get all my equipment there .
have you checked out Amazon's interesting finds ? good stuff .
oh , then are you a painter ?
painting sounds good . makes me think of those paintings of bowls of fruit .
we all have to eat , right ? some great deals at Trader Joe's, need to stop by there.
hey! what's up ? how's your weekend going ?
ugh , i have to do this math assignment and it sucks . how's the book tho ?
i am in texas and i drive a lexus . lol sorry i could not help myself
oh gosh i do not know . . . i guess longhorns ? ? how do you even pick a team ?
i am way too busy for that . 15 credit semester for fall and i am like ahahah
lol that is awesome though , so you are a bookworm a sports guy huh ?
tell me more about you . i am interested .
www ! what age do you teach ?
www do you enjoy it ?
how are you doing today
what do you do for a living
i work in an office
i like to watch anime
there are so many . i could not even settle .
do you like meat at all
i love it . i could not be without it
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
not really i am always outdoors
and what team is that ?
what are you going to school for ?
you do not have a back up ?
hello . how do you find yourself today ?
i am always great ! especially when i have music going .
too many to name , to be honest . how about you ?
corvettes and hair metal are a great combo . go to any lakes over the summer ?
very cool . i got out to the lake a lot . one of my favorite things to do .
of course . i tend to fish and knit at the same time . surprisingly compatible activities .
only for low energy tasks lol ! you enjoy taking walks ?
hi there , how are you ?
a bit tired . just got home from working at the lab
one that studies health and diet . its particularly interesting to me since i am a vegan
yep , ever since i chose to be vegan at 5 i knew i would love it
tell her it is so worth it .
no but i believe in love at first glance , so i am hopeful it will happen
no , i have thought about it , but i want to enjoy sleeping in on days off
hi , how ya doin today ?
good . just got off work at one . gotta go to the other here in awhile .
oh ! that sounds so interesting and thrilling !
i am going to see the red hot chili peppers in concert ! they are my fav ! I wish I could go to the concert with you instead of going hunting.
i am going to see the red hot chili peppers in concert ! they are my fav !
that is fun . i have never been hunting before . what do you hunt ?
what are you having for lunch that you had to tell them no broccoli ?
that sounds good . . . even with the broccoli .
what sort of music do you like ?
jazz is nice , i like all music except country .
i am a big fan of international food . i want to travel the world .
i just want to avoid areas of the world that are hot . i like cold weather .
that is nice , i like fishing with my friends and family .
panama is too hot for my tastes but that does sound fun !
hi how are you doing tonight ?
are you a doctor at the hospital ?
impressive ! i usually visit the doctor for my asthma .
not usually . it is upsetting because i love running and to dance but it is hard .
maybe i will try that . i used to really enjoy hockey too .
awesome , i would love that . i played defense . i am big , six feet tall .
yes i do . do you ?
oh haha i get it . i was lucky i guess .
death metal is my favorite music . what is your music preference ?
i love puzzles myself , particularly crosswords . what kind do you do ?
i still live with my parents . how about you ?
i like that you are a teacher . what subjects do you teach ?
i blog on basic math and i am into cartoons . what cartoons do you watch ?
i am a college student . what teacher college did you attend ?
what hobbies do you have besides sports ?
what types of entertainment do you like ?
good morning how are you today ?
yeah i sympathize . do you speak any languages ?
i would like to master japanese but need to build up savings .
that would be awesome ! i want to understand japanese without the subtitles in movies .
it will probably take some time . do you have hobbies ?
i should be ! i love anime . do you watch ?
that is sweet . i want to go to tokyo do you travel ?
it is not a cheap flight but would be fun .
hi ! i teach school and live in illinois .
i teach eighth grade math .
i love to read as well as volunteer .
no i volunteer at a not for profit agency .
my family enjoys volunteering on the weekends but comic con sounds interesting .
that sounds really exciting . it was nice chatting with you . have a great day !
thank you have a good night .
yes it is evening here .
hello there how are you ?
hi nina , i am katy . nice to meet you
i did not . i usually only watch british television
i am from florida . my grandson loves game of thrones though
that is very exciting . i will have to have his mother bring him over to watch
oh i am 77 now . i put my daughter in charge of those with my secret recipes
that would be lovely . do you have any animals , dear ? i have a little dog . gracie
yes they are . congratulations on being a law student . very impressive indeed !
hello there ! my name is sarah , an aspiring actress . and you ?
have you tried dancing ? its a fun workout . p
yes i do . a cat actually . i brought her back from tokyo .
a calico cat named majora . she hates it when i sing in the shower .
ahahah . . . do you know if rosetta stone works ? trying to improve my English
will do . thank you so much !
ditto ! where are you originally from ?
what are you up to today ?
i am telling my friends some jokes right now . i love making them laugh
that sounds great . you sound like a breath of the fresh kind of air like i am
i am a lifeguard , which is a pretty interesting job
no i do not . i am still young
i love katy perry . i like to shower sing to her music . you ?
i just love how positive her music is . she just spreads the love
awesome ! do you like going to the beach ?
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
cool , i am currently studying and enjoy going fishing in my spare time .
hey ! movies are great ! what movies are you into ?
why do you wish you knew spanish ?
do you have any children ?
i have 5 and they are a nightmare !
how are you doing today ?
just very sad right now
i just graduated and did not do well in school
i do want to but i get very easily distracted
tell that to my string of exes
i cannot tell you how many i have but they all ended up very badly
i tend to make friends on the soccer field easily
female soccer players are much hard to find
i love horses , motorcycles and old cigars . you ?
i do a little yoga and diet for my health . you dance or sing ?
no but i cracked a tooth once . i old cars . do you ?
yes i went to college but now horses are my thing . you do not like music ?
i love caribbean food . whats your major ?
hmmm . you like motorcycles ? i do .
how you entertain yourself ? john is my cat .
hello how are u tonight
i teach kindergarten at a small school
i have a great love for kids its why i teach
but when i get stressed out i tend to overeat
i also like to organize my space it is a stress relief
i have great style should have gone to school for design
my classroom is a wreck from the kids
hello how are you doing today
what type of show is it ?
like a soap opera ? are you an actor or actress in it ?
i do not work , i live with my mom and help take care of her
yes , she is . i would love to move out honestly
i am sorry to hear that , do you have other family
anywhere where i had my own apartment lol that is great tho
i larp when i get a chance , do you ?
what is up my man ?
i only had practice today .
i am a football player , a linebacker .
i have to be as an athlete , i play professional football .
do you want to be ?
where do you live ? maybe i could see a show of yours .
i live in maryland , i play for the ravens .
i do , but i work for it .
hello there , how are you this fine morning ?
nothing that healthy , sigh . i gorged on pizza after a long day of class
that is great . i teach kindergarten ; kids are the neatest at that age .
no . but we do art . i rearrange the room every week so their perspective is always changing
fashion and shopping ! i love to have a new look . you ?
you should ! especially at craft shows , people love that kind of thing
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
is that a basketball team ?
what are come of your hobbies ?
i do not have much free time, but I wish I had more time to pursue other passions besides basketball.
i work very long hours
yes i do but got lots of bills
i wonder what it would be like space ?
i really do not get along with my family ugh
well forget them i do like music
yes i am okay i wish i was an amical
i big horse with long hair
really that is cool lol
nothing but onder about space
pinks music is awesome , do you like her
i hear they have great coffee , and i love that
between my commute to work , and drawing i drink a lot also
you should talk to my wife , she makes amazing pasta
how much more schooling do you have ,
i hear you , hour commute to work for me , extra time away from the family
i am a professional painter
hard on the body though , especially in the winter
i wanted to try learning some self-defense but the teacher said i was a lost cause .
is Critical Role on tonight ? I was just going to watch stupid shows on Netflix
i wish i had hots for teacher i want to go to school again
a secret of mine , my sister's dead , but still my best friend . i kept her skull
Canada sounds good but I wish I had moved back to Las Vegas to open my own music shop.
yeah Van Halen is actually coming over to party with me and my sister later
k but do not wear anything underneath its a secret dress code from Van Halen
we use underwear as outerwear
i am eating pizza and i love it and it has always been my favorite
i am a pro soccer player . whit kind of work do you do ?
oh you make pizza . i would like to work there.
my college , stanford , had a good basketball team but i do not care for that sport
i live in atlanta with my wife and 4 year old son and our dog .
i like manchester and i am hoping to play for them one day .
that is a lot of sisters . they have always been one of the best .
this pizza is awesome . i wish i could eat it every day . its my favorite food.
i am a hotel massage therapist . i love massaging animals they are so fun .
i usually just do animals , can you pay me in chicken nuggets ?
sounds good . can we listen to a fine frenzy while i massage you ?
what are you going back to school for ?
maybe i can get you a job at my hotel once you graduate
you could bring your girlfriend . our hotel needs a good chef .
maybe your girlfriend could give you a massage , i enjoy working with animals more than people
well if she makes me enough nuggets i will massage you both .
i drive trucks for a living , just like my dad
but i just got married so i quit driving to stay with my sweetheart
so now i am just gonna work trucks to earn money
nice and relaxing here in florida
i am going to take her on a much-needed getaway soon
i am very hyper , my motor is always running
what kinda van do you have
that is awesome , my wife is old hippy
hi . just got back from a great game of tennis .
oh , bet you do not have enough money to afford court fees with all the alimony .
if you get married again i could bake your wedding cake .
hey , you need any dental work done ? my mom needs new clients .
i do not act but i use to years ago . why do you not like it ?
why are they ridiculous ? do they do something weird ?
mine are fine but they still expect me to eat dinner every sunday with them .
no , but both of my sisters cook . do you
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
yeah i have seen war for planet of the apes
i do not think i have
i stay home all day
i play with my dolls
how are you doing today ?
just eating a salad . it is part of my diet
i like tofu , lettuce , cheese , cucumbers , tomatoes , corn , and eggs
i am not much of an artist . i do love music . what about you ?
no i just listen to music . jazz is my fave
i just find it very relaxing . i do like other kinds but not as much
i like them nice and beautiful . i am model good looking so i expect it
i eventually want to work in hollywood . i prefer lots of makeup
i am from russia , where are you from ?
oh , that is wonderful ! i visited there when i was in the olympics
sorry , i do not understand . what do you do in the us ?
how fun ! i spend all my time practicing weight lifting .
oh , i could not do that ! i train a lot , and can bench press 345 pounds .
in russia athletes do not have that much fun
hello ! i just got home from work .
i am a stocker at the grocery store .
i started last january . back when i became a vegan .
not really . i like to spend time on the farm . do you like sports ?
that is a good sport . how long have you been playing
you should consider becoming a vegan . it is very healthy .
i help take care of the animals on the farm . but no pets of my own .
i just volunteer there . i live in an apartment .
hello ! how is your night going ?
oh , that is my favorite show ! just getting in from work down at the lab
its so gripping ! my brothers and i watch it every sunday when its on
i agree . whats your favorite food ? i love tahini !
that sounds neat ! i have never had sushi
i have not , but it sounds fun !
i have two , and three sisters
hello i am todd and i love my parrot
climbing is something i love to do .
awesome , i am a disappointment when speaking about my family and i have 4 siblings .
because i have never been to the beach
have you thought about doing something other then running ?
how many triathlons have you done ?
hi how are you doing
i am an actor so my job takes up a lot of time what about you
that is cool i started doing commercials when i was young
that is so nice i wish i had more free time
wow that is awesome whats your favorite
its really good i love eating french food
do you have a boyfriend
i am sure you will find someone
hi , i like cheddar on me biscuits . what about you ?
you are the meat man , i love you
i assume you are a man , my apologies madam
i like riding my bike sometimes
do you have car insurance ? i am an insurance salesman
i cannot talk to him because he knows martial arts
i have heightened senses and knowledge
what are you doing today ?
that is really sweet . i drive trucks for a living
do you know how to take a stick shift car out for a ride ?
i prefer stick shifts for sure . used to drive one back in virginia
i really love spending time with my mother . she used to be a teacher
you sound like a really great person . what do you do for fun ?
oh yummy . i am a huge fan of pasta too . i like lentil pasta the most
it is amazing , especially with alfredo sauce
hello how are you today ?
i am great . i am in disney world right now . i come every year
i like anime too . what do you work at ?
wow you must be really strong , i work at insurance agency as secretary
i go sometimes to the gym , but sometimes i get lazy
oh yeah ? what is it ? i brought my two dogs with me .
i do not know how to swim either . my two brothers know how to though
do you like crime novels , i love them
you ever been chased by a lion ? i have confused feeling about me . you ?
one time i made a unicorn cry . did your parents reject you too ?
get out ! mine too ! i told the unicorn we eat horse meat . you sing ?
great ! i wonder what its like to be a girl . you ?
oh okay . you believe in voodoo ? i like john and marcia .
ash blonde . yours ? merna jean is my friend .
wow ! i do not trust people or myself . you ?
hey how is it going what do you do for a living
i am a virtual assistant from home
my hobby is reading comics love it
that is cool , do you have any pets
haha i feel that i have a cat that keeps me busy
just me and my cat
cool seems like you have a beautiful family
want to talk before i run while listening to pink floyd ?
oh . i love pets . maybe my second job should be with animals .
well first i need to have my own restaurant . i am a grill cook right now . t .
i grill chicken , that is why listening to that good pink floyd .
you like the gym . i like running so that is neat .
yes my dog algae runs with me every day .
haha . he does have a green collar though .
its just algae , me , and carrot cat .
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am doing fine too . listening to some linkin park
i can understand that . saliva is disgusting . i did not go to college myself
that must look pretty cool . do you go to the arcade much ? i love to
i am unemployed . high school was kind of the last thing i really did
that sounds like a very stressful job . i would be too quiet to work somewhere like that
i do not have a preference , both are pretty . do you have any hobbies ?
hi how are you today ?
nice ! what is it that you do ?
that is so awesome ! do what you love and you are not working !
i am a waitress currently .
definitely never a dull moment ! what do you do for fun ?
nice ! i have three myself dogs and a bird .
i know exactly how you feel ! and my parrot can talk so bonus .
hi . how are you tonight
oh that is cool i love guns and roses
i really love rock and my black purse
i wear a lot of black clothing
i hate it , i am moving away from florida and spring time
me too . i want to go to ireland
yes i have 3 beautiful children
you larp ? so do i ! lets do this !
vera died . i asked her to stop singing . you sing ?
vera died . my dad is missing . i want to dance . you ?
my mother wants me to live with her . i am 32 . would you ?
the forest have eyes . i am military . you ? vera died .
you ever been chase by wild rabid dogs ? i sing . you ?
when you eat chicken you are eating a dead bird right ?
i wish i could get out of this neighborhood ! how is yours ?
mine is terrible ! and my school is bad too . i wish i could change schools .
i go online and look at models . i wish i had a better nose .
that seems like a good sport . I could do that with my mom if she were healthier .
it does not help that she does not sleep well . the neighbors yell all night .
i think i would look good with blonde hair , what do you think ?
if only my eyes did not droop so much .
it is all about my whole look .
i have to quit smoking . two packs per day it too much .
do your kids listen to music ? i listen lindsey stirling 24 7 .
i eat meatloaf with my mother as often as i can .
she gets mad when i spike my coffee with alcohol though , which i love to do .
do you smoke two packs a day like i do ?
two things i never get tired of lindsey stirling and meatloaf every night . not as healthy .
i know she likes the violin . more likely that she likes sage plants than meatloaf .
are you sure it was the same lindsey ?
hi there , how are you ?
i know that exhausted feeling being a olympian weight lifter !
i am currently able to bench press 345 pounds and squat 400 pounds
what do you write about ?
wow , you should throw a weight lifter in there somewhere
oh , i am sure you can give me a bigger role than that ;
the best friend will do nicely , thank you
i did not get to olympian status for no reason ; haha
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am fine , thanks for asking .
not too bad so far
oh no ! i can never sleep at night anyways pretty much a night owl .
what do you do for a living ?
okay . currently a grad student at unl in law school .
i am not gonna lie it gets pretty stressful at times .
yeah it definitely is cannot wait to be done
hello ! how are you ?
wonderful . cold front today . winter is coming .
i have a guitar . i try to copy one direction songs . love them .
oh , i am sorry to hear about that .
well that sounds kind of judgmental of her .
i do not think you do , either . i also graduated in 1986 .
i know , right ? where you from ?
i am from colorado .
hi how are you today
i am doing ok i just got done fishing
that is a nice place i wish i could go one day .
that is very nice of you i just turned 70 so i am too old to help anymore
sometimes but do not like talking about it it causes too much conflict
do you work in politics
that is a great career what got you interested in that ?
that is pretty cool what do you like to do when you are not working
it was nice talking to you my grandkids are here now
hi , i just got in from tending my beautiful rose garden . how are you ?
just roses so i have time to swim . used to be good in college .
no worries , pink . my dad gave my mom a pink one when they met at woodstock .
yes i do , almost as much as coffee . starbucks is my favorite .
i like that one too ! danit , my cat pickles is laying on my roses .
lol . some one needs to .
i am in school band and it rocks .
who is your favorite person in your life ?
mine too that is so awesome
guitar . music is my favorite pass time
electric guitars rock . it keeps my mind right
greys anatomy is my favorite show
the hot doctor of course
do you have any money for me ?
oh , do you want to do some yoga ?
we can do yoga at my house ?
i think we cannot afford any
i would love that . let us be bffs
about fairy tales , sure . will you read some ?
i do , thank you , a lot
i do not know , fancy calm kinds .
hello , how are you tonight
a little bloated , just finished composing a new song
i find it hard to rate myself , some people say so , others not
i am not married , just in a new relationship
i do , but mostly after work with the boys
that is a tough question , i cannot really qualify it
i do , for all are beautiful to some
hello ! how are you doing ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i spend a lot of time swimming but i do not work
well i have to use a lot of sunscreen for my bald head
do you have any favorite foods ?
i do not like tacos but i love chocolate milk
sure all of the time . most people have crazy tendencies
they are probably the crazy ones
hiya . my names stephanie . who are you ?
sweet . i swim after school and play overwatch on pc .
i am so fit , my boyfriends demands it . do you drive ?
i love fast cars . my boyfriend does not tolerate silliness . where are you ?
florida . it is hot here and i love to go to the beach .
my friends and i love to sunbathe all day . do you own a home ?
i live with my extended family but i do not care , i love them .
hello , what is your name ?
i am ryan . yes , i like all kinds . do you ?
i have never heard of them before
nice , that sounds fun . i have a weight lifting competition coming up
yes , do you like to lift weights ?
i do not do too many squats but i love bench press . do you watch mma ?
yes my dad did . what are your parents like ?
wow that is interesting , have you been there ?
what are you doing today ?
oh are you a nurse or a doctor ?
oh i bet that is a tough job sometimes
do you have any pets ?
haha that makes sense . i have 2 dogs . they are beagles
you should go to slc where my girl lives at
that is great . i fly planes . so similar haha
do you have any fears ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
doing well ! i am jane . just got home from work . what do you do ?
cool ! i work in real estate . currently going out with my boss , which is fun !
neat ! do you sing while you drive ? i love singing !
you like gardening ? i love daisies ! pretty girly even though i am in my 24 .
that is okay ! anything you like to do on your free time , aside from running ?
oh , so do you like to shop ?
besides gardening , i sing in a choir ! it is lots of fun !
big game against the rams tomorrow , but gotta finish this algebra paper first !
just a little stressed , our defense has not been good and being a goalie with that is stressful !
its hockey , it comes and goes . at least i have got algebra , this stuff calms me down .
haha , its my favorite subject . when i graduate i wanna go to college for it !
yeah , all the girls are good at that , makes it easy to find a cute tutor .
i do not either , really . but its a good excuse lol
so what are you up to today ?
ah yeah ? how old are your kids ?
hey . how are you doing on this wonderful night ?
that was movie also was not it ?
i have seen a little bit of it . maybe you
oh wow . that is wonderful . what grade do you teach ?
ll . you might as well be that if you are teaching others .
i am a correctional officer .
it can be depending on whats going on , but its not worth the bs .
ll , that i do agree with you on that !
hello there ! how are you ?
that sounds like a huge hassle . i am mary nice to meet you .
i currently live in colorado . where are you from ?
do you listen to madonna ? my favourite musicians are one direction !
anything else you enjoy to do ?
that is awesome ! i enjoy to ski during winter , it is very cold here .
colorado ! it may be cold during winter but spring time is very beautiful .
did you like it there ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
ya , my best friend came to visit me from tanzania , so having great time .
come on , you know . i m from kenya .
yes , very often . when i bake brownies , i turn on my music . how about your taste ?
weed ? that too in brownies ? i am laughing louder !
seriously ? tell me about your work then , especially your dressing ?
wow , good to know , what will happen if you go to your office with flip flops ?
hi there how is your day going ?
wow i only have 3
pigs ? i have a dog he is special he introduced me my 1st and 2nd mrs
o really why is that
i have a gene that i am able to know when you wat asparagus weird huh
lol do you like steaks i am about to cook some medium rare are my fave
lol what do you like to do on your spare time
so do you have kids ?
i just picked up mcdonald for dinner . i am about to grub !
i live with my parents . they make bank teaching at the school in town .
i do not drink unless i am watching nascar . a beer and the races make for a great Sunday .
there is a great bar near the beach . I wish I could afford to buy a house near the beach like yours!
gotta live somewhere . do not feel bad ! you do college , i listen to pop music . simple pleasures .
i listen to what makes me happy . r b has good beats . the lyrics are negative .
true . same could be said for pop i guess . you are right !
jazz is also good . quick , name your favorite jazz artist .
i just got back from floating on the river which i love , what have you done today ?
love to swim too . i really enjoy exercise , i once ran the mile in under 4 min !
cool ! my only downfall is ice cream , i have to eat it daily ! lol
true enough ! ha i love to fish also but it can get boring .
very much so ! what are your favorite activities ?
i do not read a lot , but i love online shopping so convenient !
yes , hassle free for sure .
just fyi i am a gangsta with driving fast black cars listening to rap like 2pac my fav .
do they sin california love ? if not they suck . its my favorite song . .
cool ask me anything jees i am tip top gangsta homie ! i got my glock ready to fire
you have no idea who your talking to homie , do not call me no broadway trash
duh dunce , you like messing with dangerous people like me huh ? we you beter step back
prison ! i loved all the homies when i was in there . top dog they called me
thought you would ask about the name topdog . see i have to be on top . always
like physically top i mean loving the homies is hard work . . .
nice one dude you are the new top dog for me homie
hi , i am todd , when i grow up i want to be superman ! how are you ?
i read comic books everyday , what do you do ? love italy !
never been to sicily , is it like italy ? what is a tech industry ?
i pretend to be superman and save people . i have xray vision
people listen to superman , too . computers mind ? like kids ?
i do not have any money . when i save people they just say thanks
are they grounded when they do not ? stood in the corner ?
hey there , tell me about yourself
i am tired , i am studying philosophy at mass . . lots of homework
you think you know the struggle ? are you even vegan ? i am actually vegan
really ? what color are your eyes ? mine are brown
wow , you know what i love ? going to concerts . .
i am pretty wild , i do not know if you could hang
look i am a proper badass , like angel tattoo on my hip and everything .
hi , how are you doing ?
about the same . so what do you do ?
oh that is pretty cool ! i work for discovery channel
yea i get to be outside all the time and not in an office
i am with you . how is being an army ranger ?
yea do you travel a lot ?
oh ok . i travel some depending on where i am going to be doing videos for work
hi , how are you ?
i am a math professor because my favorite subject is math
i play soccer from time to time . . .
it would have to be pizza
what about fast food ?
well my little sister does not like meat that much either
how is the weekend treating you ?
i wish i had gone to college . i am work in a grocery store now
being a doctor will be more rewarding i think . maybe you can still act as a hobby
i love to sew on the weekends . it is important to pursue your interests
i am . my husband married me for my homemade apple pie recipe .
you should tell her . life is short
they should make time for themselves too . it sounds like you need to embrace life
anytime ! i would love to share it with you
hi , i am marsha . i am a accountant
good . do you like hiking ?
i enjoy it a lot .
i love country music as well ! !
do you like fashion ?
lol i love cats and dogs
hi . i just ordered some pizza . what about you ?
i am angie . i know all about pain . my 3 kids run me ragged .
maybe try listening to music to relax . i love the rolling stones .
i cannot complain too much . i am very unhealthy . all i consume is soda and junk .
ll . i love them though . luckily my high school sweetheart is an awesome dad . you ?
i understand . i feel like my dog hears me better than him .
i feel like i have a pretty young soul .
i think i am just going to let the kids order out tonight . i am tired .
so i have a new business idea ! wanna hear ?
a bar on the beach but the kinds that sells fruit juices , esp . lemonade !
swampland usa ! of course not . cali baby !
i am thinking lemonade base but mango pineapple infusion w flower on side
that is a good idea , actually ! i think i will incorporate a side of salty , dried starches
definitely with those little tiny origami , handmade cute umbrellas . 6 . 00
comics books is my favorite thing to draw
what about scooby doo is the best , its my favorite show !
no ! dr pepper and black gum , yum , but not at the same time !
during the day i work in the corner store , it sell groceries !
scooby doo is my favorite show !
dr pepper and black gum , but not at the same time !
hi want to get to know each other
i am . i enjoy my own company
that sounds awesome . i am a waitress
no dogs , but we have all the veggies ! do you like dogs ?
my cat would not like that
no i could never do that
i like to play video games
i like racing games best
i am exhausted . being on your feet all day is hard work
after serving food all day i do not think i can look at a bowl of pasta
no time for a quick swim , i am either waitressing , caring for kids and studying
i am studying to be a doctor . what kind of school teaches that ?
yeah from one uniform to another . at least i will be making more than 2 . 15 hr
what job is that ? my kids would like that job probably .
sounds like you would make a good teacher .
hi there , how are you doing ?
i am good . tired from a long day of hiking .
cool ! i work with marketing stuff . i love it .
about 6 years . give or take a little . very rewarding as far as people i meet .
one son . he will change the world one day . you ? have any ?
awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! she will change the world one day too !
probably hiking . i bought some new pink hiking boots .
that sounds like a peaceful evening . i hope it is as grand as it sounds .
hello how are you ?
i train dogs for a living , and love to drink coke while i am training
i am an avid runner , i have to be because i love baking cookies so much
before i run in the mornings i like to eat a bagel with all the trimmings
i should bake you some cookies sometime and drop them off to you
i would love to visit your garden
does your daughter like dogs ?
would you like me to bring some bagels as well ?
hello . i am a very important person . can you guess how ?
i paid to be elected and now there are regrets .
many ways . i am rich , i play with the system . , i encourage gambling . . .
that seems fun . what is your soccer position ?
that is totally right . so many chances are hard to deal with though . . .
that sounds fun ! can you do the splits ?
my sons like soccer . . . and football too . i like cards . do you ?
hi ! do you have any hobbies ?
interesting ! i love reading fiction and i help at a hospital
cool ! is wood working your job or do you have another ?
wow that great . i am just a student at the local community college
nice what was your major ? i am trying to go to medical school eventually
no i am 20 so i am trying to figure my life out . do you ?
oh wow i am sorry for your loss
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?
hi ! want to play halo ?
awesome ! halo is my favorite . what do you do for work ?
nice . what do you do for fun ?
sounds amazing ! i love mountains , great for exercise !
wow ! i do not make that much money at the magazine i work for .
maybe , i do enjoy reading .
james paterson . what is your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
neat , where do you like to go on your plane ?
hi my name is mandy how are you
i work at a nursery and have a large home garden
i travel yearly and have a eye for scenic views
college is over rated but i love baking pies on weekends
i wanna be a photographer but i probably not good at it
i have but nothing print worthy but maybe one day you're right
same can be said for you i hated college
i feel ya and i skipped a grade in middle school so go figure
i have ever had a broken heart because of a friends character ?
i expected my best friend from college to be on my birthday party but she did not .
i was shocked and i cannot stop thing what i wronged her .
i had always spent my free time with that friend of mine .
but can you advise me on how to do away with that bad feeling .
okay fine i will try it out and see if it works .
hello , how are you ? i just got off from working for a magazine . you ?
what grade do you teach ? what do you do after work ?
i tried to take all my aggression out in a good workout . i love hitting the gym .
ll ! are you a big gamer ? i love playing halo .
that is very nice . what is your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
every time i think of black and purple , maleficent and ursula come to mind .
well , we need to work on your evil laugh . muhaahaahaa ! ! !
that is truly wicked of you . ll ! !
hey there ! do you like animals ? i have a pet cat right now .
outdoor animals ? cool . is your favorite season summer , like mine ?
yum . i wish i could afford lots of fresh veggies . i hate being unemployed .
i used to be a teacher at a daycare , but it went out of business .
cool ! luckily , i live with my parents at the moment . mom teaches fifth grade !
it can really be a blessing to be able to live with parents .
i hope that you can get a raise soon ! i bet you deserve it .
thank you very much . i will keep hunting .
i like to play with summer , my kitty cat . she likes the laser pointer .
hi ! how are you doing ?
that is unfortunate . sumba will make you feel better
nice ! florida reminds me of the smell of beans . love that
yup good old aromatic floridian beans
no i have not . but i am a dragon ball z fan
cool do you have any collectibles ? i got dbl figures lots of rocks
how are you doing today
what is your hobby ? what do you like ?
i like to dance a lot
i would rather dance with my dog
i love my dog . you should get one .
do you have any hobbies
i like to make blankets
i could . what color would you like it ?
hello how are you today ?
just enjoying a quiet weekend at my vacation home in the smokey mountains
well that does sound fun but with three children and three dogs it would be hard
i am a lawyer and deal with environmental law
yes it is . although big boo i like my suv
then you have seen some beautiful places . i am jealous
i understand that my dad has ptsd from vietnam
yes i am sure it is .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am fine . just thinking about my mom .
no , she passed away when i was 18 . thinking about russian recipes she taught me .
hearty and tasty , that is why i opened a restaurant 3 years after she died .
i loved her borchst better than any i ever had . i love ine as well .
that is great . my dog and i love music .
hi there ! chatting from work at starbucks !
tell me about it . i live with three roomies and they drive me batty .
i would say sorry but you seem happy about it so yay !
yum , my mom and dad are teachers . we meet up weekly for ice cream .
my sis and i are in a band grunge . and i work at starbucks .
i am 43 . i need to get rid of my pierced eyebrow . getting too old for it .
you sound like a super cool mom !
no , just my 3-year-old niece Mia . i adore her .
if you want after-hour eats , mcdonald has some great mocha frappes
me too . i probably should not but my folks are super busy with work
you could put it in a blender . that is what nascar racers do before a race
i would rather be rich . that way i can get an ocean home and good doctors .
i think happiness is an illusion which money can help with .
forget ponies . watch some auto racing . i do every Sunday if nascar is on
my parents hate it when their students scrawl all over their school books
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
have you ever rollerblade or play hockey ? that is my favorite !
i prefer snow and the cold do you have a favorite food ?
i like foods with spices too . i usually stay away for a lot of sugar .
a balance diet is best . that is what i stick to . my parents are from barbados .
i heard alaska is beautiful for vacation
hi , do you go to the gym ?
i have to workout or else i will be ugly .
sure . they make fun of me though for spending 2 hours on my hair and makeup
my ears , belly button and tongue . do you like piercings ?
my ears have 2 each , one on each are gauged .
i love long road trips , honestly , i really just want to find a husband .
i am . otherwise it would be strange to be looking for someone lol .
i suppose , though i believe everyone should be happy .
hello
i am looking for fellow video gamers . my personal favorite is halo 3 . what about you ?
oh , bummer . what about adventure ? i cruse fast on my moped
i am a little antisocial also . i can never keep eye contact without looking away !
I wish I could travel the world singing in different languages. scared of what others would think lol
professional halo 3 player
hello how are you ? i am good .
not much , just got back from my martial arts class .
i do not really enjoy cars , but i would love to travel in a spaceship .
i love my kids , making art , and practicing my martial arts .
summer is not my favorite season , but the kids like it and they play outside .
i like to watch television , especially educational shows .
i do not enjoy the sun outdoors . but i like astronomy and science shows on public television .
i have three total , all boys
how are you doing today
nice to meet you too .
i am reading a comic book
where do you work at
what is that kind of job like ?
what brought you into that ?
yeah , i heard that was a lot of money
that does not sound bad
hey my friend how are you doing ?
kids woke me up got to cook breakfast and glad you doing good
husband cleans nice just trying to wake up
facebook is fun i just want to let dog out get some hardwood floor for the house .
little and just want to draw relax see how i want to create my new back yard
little is a good name and hope your day goes good
will not be good now little passed away just miss him husband been taking care of me
it be okay my sons is my world and thanks
how are you this evening ?
ooh yummy . very healthy but tasty !
i just eat whatever . i should probably watch my figure living in nyc though
that was very nice of him . there are so many cool museums here you should visit
only time i get exercise is running around my 10 nephews and nieces
i should write about you and your endurance
hi , i am from georgia and i am a big football fan . how about you ?
you are a crimson tide fan ?
oh , that is great . i am between jobs and bored . joined an nfl fantasy league this year .
i was never a good dancer . i am an avid reader . love creepy horror books and sci fi
have you read any piers anthony novels ?
you should check out his incarnations of immortality series . fantastic !
that is great . i just ordered a new large print bible . my eyes are getting old .
i attended a congregation a lot when i was younger . not so much now .
hi there ! my name is jordan , what is yours ?
doing well here , tell me about yourself !
not into scary movies , my favorite is the last of the mohicans .
mom was a music teacher , so there is always music in our house , less movies .
fabulous ! i took lessons in college for my art degree , but i did not finish .
i recently bought this 22 year old car and i think they had cats !
so , what do you do for a living ?
that is cool ! you get to try out all the styles and products .
hi there , i am bob .
i am amazing , how are you ?
i ride bikes , do you ?
i would like to smoke bowls for a living
i was religious once , are you ?
i am not i just lift weights now
gotta get it out after i tutor kids
great , i just ride bikes
hello how are you today
i am doing good just enjoying one of my fav things reading
i am vegan so i love my veggies
no i am more of a reader but i do love my movies
cool . my fav movie is pretty women
i have 2 phones one for work and one for fun
hey there good afternoon , like hippos ?
really ? i want to come back as 1 if i die
i am lame and i smoke way too much
2 packs a day is way too many
no clue i do not try
not sure , like lindsey stirling ?
she sings so nice i live for her
yes do you will enjoy like meatloaf ?
yo , yo , yo , whats up with you ?
gross ! i would much rather nap then eat salad .
that is the worst ! do you like watching basketball ?
basketball , naps , and winter are the best ! oh and gangsta rap
what color are your eyes ? mine are blue
awe i am sorry to hear that , are they ok ?
how very nice of you . are you going back to school then ?
today i am 10 years of age , you ?
harry potter is awesome ! ! , i really like the books
near abigail , she is my best friend ever ! ! !
in the town where tomorrow is the first safety patrol day ! !
tean years old is a great age , agree ?
harry potter is my book preference human ! comply____
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
oh nothing much just reading
what do you do for a living ?
i am retired now but i used to be a teacher
what city are you from ?
i am from Cali as well
i usually read the Bible
hi how are you today
no but my nose was broken
its alright do you read books
its alright do you wear glasses
a little . how many toes do you have ?
i like twilight they are so dreamy
hey , whats up ? what are you doing today ?
i am just sitting around ignoring my homework , i am almost done with those nuns .
i am in new england , how about you ?
awesome . i am going out to uc berkeley next year , gonna party my bootie off !
i would love to go to colorado , i never get to go anywhere .
yeah studying is all well and good but I can't wait to party !
hello , how are you , my friend ?
i am well . just came back from a backpacking trip .
i love art projects . does that make me a man of art ? haha
i feel i am a strong female because i can carry a heavy backpack .
that is so excellent ! since what age ?
which field of science exactly ?
is that possible by profession ?
i see . my spouse and i travel aplenty for work
hello , do you like to travel ?
what country do you live in ?
usa , but my parents are from ireland and australia
yes , absolutely love digging for trash and treasures .
that is truly a gift of frugality . i wish i could sew .
i am always practicing my music . i love to sing .
i travel a lot , i love ireland and its music, but I wish I could visit Ireland and experience its music scene firsthand.
funny , it is very happy and fun .
hi zach my name how are you
mine matches the flintstones hence my dogs name dino
my birthday was the last episode my best friend prefer south park
i am more into simple jokes
i have a business degree and i do stand up but i have not filter
i miss simpler times just watching grandma bake all day
well i have not baked since she passes
i do i make a killer caprice salad
hey ! i just came in from outside . its my favorite place to be !
oh ? swimming is my favorite activity . driving gets boring for me .
i drive a minivan , lol . definitely the wrong car for speeding around town .
you probably would not like it if you were . mine is painted pink . i love that color .
sure do ! and a house in the burbs . serving up some pasta for dinner tonight , you ?
nice ! i have got a family . i wish i could have some space ! If I could, I would trade my mansion for a cozy cottage in the countryside.
vera died without saying goodbye . you adopted ?
i clerk at a store . you see faces in clouds ?
no kids . two dogs same thing . you have pets ?
i am adopted but i love christmas . you ?
i think i have sisters i do not know . you know your brothers and sisters ?
my birth mother met me at sixteen . vera died . you sing ?
any parties coming up ? i can cook . can you ?
like i said before , i was late again
oh no , school this time
you know that . isabelle , she is just so warm
think if dogs can see purples , are you smoking again
hmmm , well we should walk there . watch the stars
wheres my porsche ?
you know what i mean , its a porsche or no kids . ever !
you gotta work fo me . ugh , so you gonna give me a ride to school or what
hi , i am kevin . i am in college . how are you ?
cool ! i workout a lot and enjoy learning new things !
thanks but i am more into software development . i play my guitar on my free time .
no , it is just a hobby . it takes my mind off of things when i play .
i mostly run as part of my workout .
sounds fun ! i will bring my guitar with me and maybe some homework too !
i am almost done with my software development project , then we can go !
let us set the date . hopefully we get a good weather .
hi how are you doing ?
i am going to bring my dog to the park
whats your event that youre having
that is fun i wish i had more friends i just hang with my dog
that is very true they are so loyal
i love mine too what other hobbies do you have
i sometimes help my dad in his butcher shop
hi there , how is your night going ?
what did you do ? i swam with sharks ?
just kidding ! i am so witty like that
i love dancing on fancy cars , yeah haha
they do not have to know ; do you like a good steak ? we should go
that is what i like to heat . a fellow meat lover .
what else do you like ? i know i was kidding , but i like sharks a lot
oh , so what kind of things ?
good morning ! what do you do for a living ?
awesome ! my wife used to be a teacher so education is important to us .
what a good goal ! i just started selling cars again .
practically , i like hyundais . for fun i would love a mustang .
nice ! i have been really into painting , so that is my biggest hobby .
i would like that ! we can get some pizza , my favorite food !
i especially like pizza with meat on it !
hi there , how are you ?
not really , although i do like being outdoors
that is cool , i like riding bikes , do you like hiking ?
breakfast is more of my thing . i like pancakes
that is impressive , almost as impressive as me finding a girlfriend last month !
she likes hiking a lot , we go hiking with friends all of the time .
yeah , she is a hardcore biker like me so we get along well
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for askin
yes i think i am
why do you say that ?
is there a reason for that ?
what animal would you be ?
are you the easter bunny ?
hi how are you today
very cool do you go to church
oh do you pray in nature
i like to see people pray in groups
yeah i make phone apps too
ones to help heal people
hello i have a small dog and a big dog
i am just wonderful how are you today
i love to travel disney world is my favorite
awesome my kids and brothers love it
do not laugh but i am scared of them
that is so cool sounds scary
that would explain the snake crawling on you
hi , how are you doing ?
am fine . thank you for asking
i am still a high school student . what about you ?
ohh , that is great . what do you do for living ?
its boring . if only I had pursued my dream of becoming a computer scientist.
i am in 10th grade
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing ok tonight
where are you from then ?
i currently have two dogs
what do you do for a living ?
i have a crummy job . . . ugh
hello from the great austin , texas ! how are you ?
congratulations . i went to culinary school . always cooking new recipes
i contact my family a lot on social media , but they never like my posts . its upsetting
i understand that sadness . i mean why would they not like the posts of my food !
i like every one of their posts ! it just upset me . tell me about you
why do you not go visit them ?
where do you live ? how far are they ?
i live in utah , and my family live in england , so i understand
hi how are you doing
yeah i like summerton do you like being outside
i like playing outside with my dolls and toys
christmas is such a fun holiday
do you like to have picnics
i love having picnics with my family
i also really like it when i get flowers
hi there , how are you ? i love rollerblading
horrible i bet ! lol i try eating a balanced diet but that is too far for me
rollerblading mostly , i am white so get sum burnt really easy while out
lol , it was only a bit of wind was not it ?
reggae rock mostly , how about you ?
oh yeah , what books do you like reading ?
i do not mind watching the movies , but i am personally not a reading fan
well i really like avoiding sugar , so mainly home-cooked meals like stew etc
hi there , how are you ?
i never eat sweets , when i crave them i just go for a run .
congrats ! you should , running is great . i listen to bruno mars when i go
i like her style . he is my favorite ! is babysitting your full time job ?
is it red ? i have a red one ! ! perfect car for an accountant
what do you do for a living ?
i thought about being a teacher before i went into accounting
i am happy for you ! what else do you enjoy ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am good , just took my kids to the playground
it must be nice . your father would not approve of my job
i do some illegal gambling . i have a degree in statistics
i am in school to be a casino manager so i can become legit and certified
what do you do for fun ?
i like to write short stories . i have a thing for dinner theater
murder mysteries . i like the aspect of who done it themes
hi , fast driver , reader , big and tall , family first survivor . you ?
chicken wings are our friends . i love to read . you ?
wow ! one time i made a unicorn cry . i was nearly dead but survived . you ?
no . has wild lions ever chase you ? my family is first always . you ?
i see people in clouds . you ? i am fast driver too . you ?
hmmm . i am a jumbo shrimp . you sing ? i do .
merna eats fish bait for snacks . you play sports ? i do not .
i wrote a book about coding . you dance ? i do not .
good afternoon how are you today
i sit at a computer all day long
i love movies and good tv shows
yes ome times i do when i am bored
i love to be outside when its sunny
i like the park too and my hot color is pink
yes very much so its great
i have a seven year old girl
how are you doing today ?
i am trying to plan a hike for tomorrow
yes there is a bit of water . i might do some fishing myself
haha is that so ? i hear a lot of rap when i work
it is pretty fly . you ever go anywhere else besides where you live ?
that is a shame . i have never left the country but i have gone out of states
wow . anything else interesting about you ? the night i was born was a blood moon
that is actually very sweet . i like that .
hi how are you today
i watch lots of tv do you
i go to my house in mexico a lot
yeah its a timeshare haha
they are nice have you had sushi
yeah it si my favorite ever
tea for me i do not like coffee
neither of those what about you
hi , what kind of music are you into ?
great , where are you from ?
very cool . i live in clearwater florida .
do you enjoy the beaches here ?
i agree . i love the sunshine here as well .
i work at a place filled with books .
yes , i am a librarian .
how long does this hit go on ?
hello , what music are you listening to
oh how exciting ! that would be great
i listen to a ton of music , honestly . it is my main pastime
what do you like to paint or draw ?
how thrilling ! that must be a great job
well that is true at that age . i try to work as little as possible
lol it is lame but can still be a source of joy sometimes
that is random . they can bring joy too though !
hi , how are you today ?
i am busy ! i work 3 jobs so i am always staying active .
how old are your students ?
where is your accent from ?
wow ! how do you like living here ?
i live in a city so i walk a lot at least 2 miles a day
yes , i try to walk everywhere . though i would love to get a ford mustang someday
the mustang is my dream car , we can race haha !
hi my name is yumi , and i enjoy anime and draw comics for my work
nice ! ! i like to read , about different topics . some of my friends call me an encyclopedia
do you like to roll play ? i do ! ! with my friends .
well movies i love going to the movies
all sorts of genre . what about you ?
aww ! ! did you see the movie that disney made about cinderella ?
i liked that version a lot
hey how are you today ?
doing good just stressing over school , not a big fan . you ?
still in high school myself but ready to get it over with .
yeah its fun me and my close friend go exploring all the time
oh yeah not a fan , so how old are you ?
17 but wish i could fast forward a few years to get my own house
yeah but i am ready my parents are too strict on us
well it hopefully cant get any worse .
good afternoon , i am trying to get this money
like puppies ? i do i love mine
i am in college for childhood
i like that too me an tiki
i am a teacher already , what do you do ?
that is cool , like oldies music ?
that sounds so cool to me
not really just chatting an catching up on money
hello how are you today ?
tired , i have been studying all day trying to make some fresh beats
no i am a student at the local university , what kind of dogs do you have ?
wow those are big dogs , how old are your kids ?
i make music in my spare time , i have to be creative in my family
i am perusing a degree in music degree
i should learn how to do that but my dad looks down on it
hi , i will try to make this fast for us lol
could be better . wild fires in california where i am from .
congrats ! i just bought a chevy . so that is nice .
well that should be fun . i will be working at the powerplant here next weekend . no fun .
sounds interesting . do you like spaghetti ? i do .
me also . what are some other things you like ?
fun ! i go hunting too . i enjoy it .
ten years or so . i do not like the meat though . i donate it .
will you listen to me playing the drums ?
i am making pizza . listening to my main man drake
i do not follow that game
what do you do if you do not mind me asking ?
that is private sorry .
i bet . do you want to go to a restaurant with me ?
pizza is my favorite . pizza hut maybe
hi how are you doing
i am good dropped my kids off at school
3 little ones do you have kids
that is nice do you see them often
that is so great i hope my kids do that when they are older
yeah that is true do you like the outdoors
i take the kids on family camping trips
yeah its a great family bonding time
hello . how are you today ?
i am well . do you all have chocolate . i love it .
yes . lol . where are you from ? i was born in georgia .
florida is beautiful . i cannot wait to have kids . i want two .
lol ! can you sing ? i am not very good at it .
i sing only in the shower too . lol !
i like gospel music . what about you ?
hello mate , how are you today
hanging out in my room , in the dark .
oh yea , where are you right now ?
i love the outdoors too ! i hope you are not crazy
i think you might be going crazy . . .
then eat some more food ! fish and chips are awesome !
i have been eating a lot to deal with depression .
my parents both died in an automobile accident .
hi how are you doing
do you have any pets
an adorable puppy who's super playful
i like to cook what about you
what autographs do you have
wow how did you get these autographs
that makes more sense what kind of food do you like
hi there , how are you ?
really ? i feel the same way . i do not like anyone in my friend group
they just make me feel lost and far away from who i truly am
i wish , but i get busy all day with cross country and basketball practice with my boys, I wish I had more tattoos like you
i am sure a middle-aged mom of 2 high school boys is not the person for that haha
my husband is big on recycling , so i try to . i like to coexist well with him
he is pretty cool . good example to my boys
hi there , how are you doing today ?
i also have a sickness that prevents me from grabbing things up high
oh my god i just saw a spider i am going to cry
i have also heard that praying helps . i also do it in the morning
of course ! my mother raised me alone and also taught me to pray
which sock do you usually put on first ?
oh wow , i always do the left one first for good luck
i am about 7 feet tall so that makes it difficult as well
hi , how are you ? my name is eve
i am a english teacher
oh wow that is awesome . i love telling stories to people . so i enjoyed my job
i have two children . i am rising on my own . my husband died a few years ago
it is difficult but a mom has to do what a mom has to do
thank you ! how is your sunday
i am working . its all good though
and too you too
i wish i had a car so we could visit
well the park is close by . we could meet there
oh well i have no kids so maybe not
i like dogs . my hair is purple ! my favorite color .
that must be hard to be so smart
i am an only child . so i was lonely
i run in the park and watch the ducks
hi ! do you have any pets ?
oh yes , i have 2 dogs moe and minnie . my babies
my mom is allergic to dogs , so i understand . how is your day going
busy . just on my lunch break . we had two different sick boa constrictors today
i am an assistant for a vet . you ?
very cool . i play the trombone . nice portable instrument .
yikes . too scary for me . and for my dogs .
hello hows you night going ?
mine too ! i made brownies , so everything is great , lol
lol well brownies make everything better , wish i could give you some lol
in school i always wanted to be juliet , but i have too many freckles
lol , how funny ! i would probably laugh too much if i were in a play
fun . i am self employed , so i lounge around in flip flops all day
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , just selling some clothes on facebook .
when i cant sleep i clean the house , i usually hate it .
i have two kids , i enjoy spending time with them . how about you ?
that sounds amazing . i know nearly nothing about it .
i hope you can , i would like to be my own boss .
my best friend is blonde with straight hair and i have dark curly hair .
nice , how long have you been best friends ?
good day to you sir
no kidding , have you heard of itunes ? it will ruin your day .
i wish i had that positive influence . then maybe i would not ride skateboard .
very musical life ! i just have gross orange and blue hair for some reason .
will you still be in a band ?
even in retirement in florida ?
absolutely this is true . my clothes are also not great .
they are dingy which is i think a kind of boat ?
good evening assuming its evening where you are .
hope you are not texting and driving , . .
actually , i was wondering whats for dinner tonight . your dinner , i mean . just curious .
your gut would be right about that . oddly , i never learned to like beer myself .
as far a liquor goes ? vodka . rum . and . . . . brown sugar bourbon !
tell me you are joking ! but farts are better than cancer .
new hampshire . or new hampsha , as we pronounce it .
good evening , how are you ?
i am . getting ready to settle in for the night , i am an otr trucker .
traveling is my first love , this is a perfect way for me to see the country .
i dye my short hair pink , so i do not have to waste money in the salon .
that is very nice . i do not have any close family . you are very lucky .
i love rap . tupac rules . how about you ?
i was too . still am if i were honest with myself , lol
hello . how are you doing tonight
i feel your pain . i hate my job but i get to travel to india often .
oh wow cool ! i rather be an explorer . dreams man dreams .
i know ! but being an athlete pays more . so got to take the bad with the good .
basketball . that is why i get to travel internationally for my job sometimes .
oh nice ! i never been to a opera house before .
i will definitely next trip . you play sports or have any other hobbies ?
hi how are you doing
where are you right now
that is too bad do you have any games
that is cute go play with your dog
that is a great idea do you have a job
i am working to open my own business
what kind of business do you want
hi how are you today
that is good i recently became a father
that is a big family . i have to work overtime now hardly ever home
that is hard sometimes . do you like listening to music
i can listen to imagine dragon over all day .
they are pretty good you might like them .
i like both of those genres . it was nice talking to you
hi do you eat bacon
i have a house on the moon , you should come visit someday
big deal , i rode on a turtles back
i hear you just bought a luxury spaceship to fly thru space
2 fiances , that is double the fun , good for you
i think i seen you in a 1970s movie , you a crazy nugget !
pizza , pizza , and more pizza , the solution to all problems .
if you do not watch yourself you can get a stroke from all that salt
hello have you heard any good jokes lately ?
no i was at a bar last week with friends , but no good jokes
my dogs would probably love to go on a hike but i never take them
do you have any dogs ?
not a good time to have a pet , i have four dogs they keep me busy
i have a tattoo of all my dogs on my arm
yes i love my dogs
pepper , precious , panda , and pixie
hi how are you ? i am trying to figure out technology . no skills at all .
oh really . i am stuck in decades ago due to living remotely .
do u like it ? i do tend to like my work farming i enjoy the outdoors .
do u have any hobbies
sweet ! i like to play darts . my friends keep saying i am savage , whatever that means .
have u ever been to a ufc fight ?
he must be really good at gaming .
where are you from . . . i am from okla
hi i am stephen . how are you today ?
oh fun ! i am planning on someday ruling the world , so that is appropriate !
writing is cool . i am a big fan of singing in the shower .
no real favorite foods but i have a nickname which is bubblegum .
ah your majesty ! guess what ? i discovered the secret to curing the common cold
not yet . have to patent it first , sorry . do you have siblings ?
that is nice . family is important . i have one brother .
i like a lot of genres . probably first would be jazz .
hello . i am joan and i love to cook . how about you ?
oh ! i love documentaries . what kind do you watch ?
interesting . what parts of the world have you been to ?
no . but i write so i am a mental traveler
contemporary romance and paranormal romance . do you read ?
not vampires so much but celtic mythology
i do . irish , english , scottish , and welsh . and you ?
nice . there is some rich mythology there .
hey there ! i just got back from my favorite sushi bar
it is only my favorite food in the whole world
and if it gets sick i can put my nursing degree to use helping it back
indeed , and my husband is the big strong firefighter
wee plugging up bullet holes can be called many things . exciting for sure
that is so sweet , helping people in that way would make me so happy
well nothing is more important than my two kids .
that is fine , such is so common these days
hello hope you are having a better day than i am .
my girlfriend says she wants to leave me . japan is cool
thanks for the hope . hope you are having fun
i would like to travel but i just enjoy john grisham movies .
where is your home . i do not like the grisham books as much as the movies
i understand that . i used to travel with my parents . they were in politics
that is interesting . my parents discovered that politicians are evil
i agree . i do not have to wear pants when i work on the computer
i just love the color green . its my favorite color
its . just a beautiful and peaceful color .
no singing is my thing . i plan to go on american idol !
i am a country and western singer .
yes i curently live in a small town in oklahoma
yes me and my animals had to move to higher grounds
hey , how are you ?
i am also great thanks , do you work ? i am an insurance broker
the library seems a calm place to work , are you married ?
recently divorced but currently looking for a date , no children i am guessing ?
your time will come , i have a boy and a girl . any particular field in science ?
good luck whichever you choose . so how do you spend your free time ?
geocaching seems awesome , i spend most free time looking after my grandmother.
hello my favorite hobby in the world is painting . . whats yours ?
i love food trucks but anything that is not fish sadly bad experiences
i have over 20 cats and am an only child . . my parents live out of state
aww that is awesome big brother . . i foster most so there is a big turn around
i travel on cruises regularly my favorite was the australia trip
oh i hate traffic and crowded parking lots myself . do you have any hobbies
painting mostly but trying to grasp photography
i do not do people i do landscapes and scenery for inspiration
hello , how are you ?
whatever my husband wants to do . its our anniversary .
20 . we were high school sweethearts .
how lovely ! any plans this weekend for you ?
my mother used to have a home in greece , did you live there ?
mine passed a few years ago . she came here before i was born .
hi how are you today
i see do you have a job
sorry do you have any kids
do you play instruments sometimes ?
very cool he ai not nothing but a hounddog
speaking of hounddogs i have 3 suppers
do you workout and stuff ?
cookie , i like cookies , also making them !
training dogs is something i like to do !
bagel with everything , that is what i really like
coke is what i drink , it is my favorite !
keep going ! running is what i really like though , i run and like it !
i love to create biscuits
hey there ! how is it hanging ?
doing great just got back from hunting and settling down with baseball !
i am thin myself , sitting back and watching Walking Dead and the Tigers
wow that is interesting ! maybe i will try that out when hunting
that is good of ya , sometimes we all need a little prayer , like Tigers baseball
your apps ? maybe they could try being an extra on Walking Dead
interesting . would be nice if it were as easy as baseball
good morning ! today is my day off from my job that is 9 to 5 . you ?
great . i am cooking and i like doing that . do you ?
how about baking ? hopefully i can open a bakery when I retire .
cute ! did your family ever own a restaurant ? mine owned a small one .
i am . my husband volunteers with me when I go to the soup kitchen . you ?
i forgot you mentioned your husband earlier ! any kids ?
none yet . we hope to have 6 . do you have anything interesting to tell me ?
hi how are you today ?
just fine , thank you . i am listening to some tones . what are you up to ?
oh i should listen to them soon . it has been a while . ed sheeran
i am in bad so i get many names
you have probably heard of my school before . i am very organized . are you ?
do you have a favorite person ? is he or she spontaneous ?
my mom ! she has taken so good care of me
just playing in the band . do you have any hobbies ?
hey , how are you doing today ?
not so bad , just listening to music . how about you ?
oh that is cool . what music genera of music do you dance to ?
wow , my favorite is pop , but i can appreciate that
yeah . what is your favorite color ?
wow we have the same favorite color . anything home cooked
cool , what kind of show
oh , well that makes sense . do you watch any tv ?
hello how are you this evening ?
doing well . where are you from . i am in alabama
nice to meet you arnold . i am cindy , i am tall with long blonde hair .
oh wow my youngest one is 10 years old and he is my twelfth kid .
i tend to watch television a lot now that extremely overweight .
i love pizza but my favorite are tacos .
i majored psychology . then went on to criminal psychology .
hi , how are you today ?
what do you do for work ? i am a mechanic
sure , what would you like to tell me about your dad ?
have you ever met your dad ?
what kind of books do you sell ?
why do you think he is great ?
have you ever been in the military ? i was when i was younger
hi how are you doing today
why do you have a headache
that is a lot of annoying things
that is a lot of people
that must be great . i bet they have time for family .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
can you wear it to work
things have changed from when i was younger
hey there . are you into fashion ?
ever since i was a young girl ! i am in school for it now !
you could come hang with me in ny and i will doll you up !
and go shopping in all the stylish stores !
when i become a fashion designer you can be my assistant and make me coffee !
we will create a special coffee martini and call it the coco chanel !
after i stop using exclamation points ! ! ! ! !
hi there , how are you ?
ll , nice . i would be willing to try that with some mountain dew .
haha sure . what is it ?
ll , that is pretty awful . do you like chess ?
www . you should get back into it ! its my favorite .
nice . yeah , i have this beautiful marble set .
i follow football more than soccer .
hello , how are you doing ? i live in cleveland , you ?
nice ! i have lots of books about wisconsin in my store . what do you do ?
now what do you do ? i would travel if that were me .
my girlfriend and i did a weekend getaway up there the last time we were in chicago .
they have a lot of great restaurants in chicago ! my older brother lives there .
you can make your own and freeze , that is what my girlfriend does .
we do not , our apartment is way too small for a pet .
hi do you wanna play tennis ?
that's all i play , been overtime work at work , accountant
how about music ? have you heard of hamilton ?
how about foods ? burger is the best
what else do you do
do you like it that way ?
how long you work a day ?
oh , it is not showing at all
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
oh i am sorry i try to paint when i am upset it is very relaxing
i do not like to eat fish but i did travel the world on a boat
no i had to leave my 23 cats that i rescued at home
oh we have plenty of room i live a simple life
i am vegan so i love summer so i can grow my own food
that is a wonderful time of year also
hi just got home from the bar that i own
i have heard of allegra but that is all i know
neat eggplant is one of my favorite foods
my fifth wife made the best dish with eggplant
nice i have a bad habit of smoking a pipe
oh no i have a cat named radar
yes , he is a good cat . i am not allergic
hi there . how are you ?
oh . i have three kids . all girls .
one of them is on the swim team at her school .
oh . where do you live ?
oh . i live in a rural town in nc .
yeah , every now and then .
i only have one brother . he lives with my parents .
my brother is older than me .
hi names barbra and i started to become vegan 2 years ago
oh cool ! ! i am a painter , and paint murals . i enjoy it
is that what you want to do for the rest of your life ?
i detest the taste of fish . yet my cats love it and i am 23 .
yeah , i want to travel , in a boat around the world .
yeah ! ! we could go together that would be an adventure
sounds like we have a plan ! d
next year some times in may ? what do you say ?
hello enjoying ribs but distaste cleaning
nice i work for citi financial so this is my splurge
i paint in my free time i love watercolors
i am new to america i am from italy hence i love ribs
well i also want to dye my tips blue to match my nails
it would be more highlights then full dye
well paint your nails i cant grow nails
mine are so brittle
hello there ! how is your life going ?
chirp chirp ! did you think i was a bird ?
danit . i have been told that i have lifelike bird calls
maybe . do you read any good books ?
ya i stay busy too . . . making clothes . . . for myself
yes . yes i do . and i look fantastic in them
i am . i make clothes and talk to birds
hey how are you today
i am good thanks and you ?
i am not sure . i play pro soccer, I wish I could play pro soccer like you, being a goalie must be intense.
yeah i am the goalie its lonely
what is your favorite number ?
do you play any sports ?
hello , i am new to this area just bought a mansion
i am sorry to hear that i love the mountains !
i love all creatures . what is your occupation ?
i see i come from poverty but now i am a big rapper !
i live in japan . have you ever been ?
i thank god for my rapping career and huge mansion
i have to carry my lucky pen wherever i go !
yes only the best . my mentor is frank ocean
good morning , how are you ?
things are good . i am eating breakfast of eggs and bacon .
i like milk . i get mine fresh from the source since i live on a farm
on weekends i hang out with friends so it is not too bad .
swimming sounds fun . i never learned . do you work ?
the farm is my job . i have here since my family moved when i was 18
its all i know so yeah .
hey how are you doing today ?
oh wow i have 8 brothers . we visit each other all the time .
i can not imagine having only one . must have been really quiet at your house .
oh wow , i am the shortest out of all eight . so they bullied me .
i love pink . mine is red like the sunset .
she must be really pretty . i have a thick red beard but no girlfriend .
no , nobody wants to date a 5 foot tall redhead .
for a girl that is not so bad and pin hair is so cool .
i love its about to be fall !
i love green and i love playing tennis !
no with my dad he is a veteran .
i love to laugh at funny movies ! is he in any ?
oh really ? why ? do you like music instead ? i like music
i like fall because of the colors !
wow why do you hate kids lol you are craaaaaazzzzzzzzyyy
good evening ! i just got my child to bed . lets chat !
right on ! i got my glass of red wine . its my fav .
sigh , me too . i do designing for a clothing retailer . what do you do ?
very cool . i spend my free time gardening . i enjoy it .
me too ! cant wait for cooler weather !
we just got a new ford focus .
this one is more computer than car !
it can be . it was a bit of a learning curve .
hey , i write poetry and some call me poetry sam !
wow maybe we can collaborate together . i donate my old clothes to a shelter
my clothes go to the homeless shelters . i also am the leader of the gun club
wow that is cool . my friends and I go golfing on sunny days . do you play sports
aww how old are they ?
wow . they are in kindergarten
canada I have , niagara falls
hello there ! how are ya doing ?
haha pandas are my favorite animal !
and they sleep and eat all day ! haha
i love meat ! especially in Italian food . what's your favorite food ?
veggie burgers are not too bad . i also try to eat healthy so good call !
you used to surf ? that is pretty cool ! i am afraid of open water actually haha
wow a fancy juice sounds so good right now ! haha
you know what they say , health is wealth !
hello , hello ! if you were an animal , what would you be ?
i would be a housecat . i love cats . i like working with cats .
i tried out for cats at my local theater . i got a minor role .
i had not heard . i always have my nose buried in a history book .
my fiance might be interested in doing business with you .
i should look up the history of karate . . .
my cat is here , seeking attention .
hello there , how are you ?
that is funny , that is my favorite food as well .
its always fun . where are you going next ?
that is pretty cool . what music do you like ?
yeah , i also enjoy rock as well .
what bands do you enjoy the most ?
agreed , todays bands just are not the same .
phew just got done spending hours at some thrift shops . hows it going ?
nice to meet you as well . i am mike a art teacher .
i do , i would of loved to make some cool clothes for him
wow that is very awesome to have at 16
i should make some seat covers for you from my thrift finds
for sure anything you need
you got it ! maybe you can come thrift shop some patterns with me
good morning , how are you ?
your welcome . i had a very busy morning how about you
awesome i spent the morning running all morning
that is a good idea . where are you going ?
nope i do not have any . what is your favorite basket ball team
i love the vancouver grizzlies
yeah me too but i will take tv just fine
i know the feeling i am too busy running marathons
hi how are you doing ?
i was just doing some martial arts . i am a black belt in karate
wow that is cool . i teach karate to my 3 kids too
i got my wife by singing to her . maybe you can try that
i love singing karaoke all the time
how come ? robots taking up your time ?
my wife has me sing to her . she has terminal cancer . makes her feel better
hey ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing okay . keeping busy today ! what are you doing ?
that sounds like a lot of fun ! i work for the government . which is not fun !
maybe you can ! i certainly think so . got a favorite sport ?
that is cool too . i am a big baseball fan myself . what kind of cars you like ?
how cool . i bet that helps with flying planes , huh ?
you got any favorite things to eat ?
hi there !
good thanks and you ?
i work as a cashier at a gas station .
yes true ! i am planning on moving to san diego in the next couple months .
just wanna try something different . maybe ballet !
my mother used to be a famous ballet dancer in london .
do you have a favorite band ?
hello ! good morning stranger . i am kevin and you ?
well it happened , so i guess i want to know about mars landings now .
well like i tell my three girls . education is very important and the internet lies .
three thumbs ! that is pretty cool . my doctor wife would be interested in that .
i will tell her about you bob . it will be after our vacation though .
sorry bob thought my horses got out . we are going scuba diving in the caribbean .
i wish we could , but the flight expenses would be too much . i am no millionaire bob .
hey ! crazy purple haired pet sitter here . how are you ?
iowa here , not a lot going on here . where do you work ?
i cant have pets , so i watch others . i live in foster care .
i very much do , especially history museums , what is your favorite ?
i like abstract ones , what kind of writing do you do .
my mom was a write but she died when i was 6
wow that is a lot of siblings !
hola , names antonio and i quite conservative in politics and support trump .
i have two kids and my wife roberta is amazing i work for amazon .
i also enjoy robotics , hoping to get a job at hansen robotics
what kinds of shows do you like to stream ?
awesome do you watch nat geo or discovery ?
wow that is great thing to watch
what do you really learn from those shows ?
wow that is interesting to hear
hello , how are you today ?
really ? i just got back from fishing . me and my lab .
esquire . where are you from ? i am from nashville , tn .
no i have not nor do i know much about oh . i am a charlie daniels fan .
yes he is . he is also a rock singer .
he sings a million miles .
i like all music . i like tupac though if you like rap .
yes he was charles wallace was as well .
hello how are you today
that sounds like a lot of work . i just started college this year
i have not decided what i want to major in yet . what is your favorite food
man i have not had tuna salad or gummy worms today
tuna salad and gummy worms
thanks i do not think i have had sushi before
i will . do you like music
i like rock opera its one of my favorites have you ever heard of it
hey good afternoon how are you ?
i am okay tired in ohio
me either i want some good italian food also
i like live events like concerts , do you ?
cool , i like animals also
really ? were you scared at all !
how would that help lol
like what lol being a lawyer does not prevent accidental death
hey there . . . the names red , or at least it would be if i named myself . yours ?
that is sad . almost as sad as people who believe in the moon landing .
finally someone with some sense around here ! sorry if i am talking too fast for you .
dogs ? no . the only dog for me is clifford the big red dog . because he is red .
amazing ? what's amazing is that i have more thumbs than you . you got two thumbs ?
you should get a job as a typist , its what i do because i am great at typing .
graduate school , eh ? what kind of degree are you going for ?
my names ringo , i had it changed when i was 18 . whats your name ?
to match my favorite band ! my family did not like it , though . tough breaks .
i like to cook , no meat though because i do not dig it . you ?
meat reminds me of family memories , too harsh for me . does popcorn have peanuts in it ?
oh good , i am allergic to peanuts . i am from here , there , everywhere . you ?
that sounds great . do you listen to the beatles ?
hi . . . . how are you doing today ?
i am sorry to hear that
that is a hard thing to deal with . . . i am the oldest of all my sisters
i am in my 30 and my youngest sister is in the first grade
yes my dad is a teacher so he is use to have kids around
i do not always like mine either but we make it work
that is a very hard thing . . . . i am sorry you have to deal with that
how are you doing today
i want to go to the comic store
what kind of artists do you like
i see . those are oldies .
i see . you must have grown with them .
do you like beans at all
i love the smell of it though
good afternoon , how are you ?
great except for my stinky feet , pew
they smell bad , it goes good with my blonde hair
my mother and i are both champion weightlifters
we do it for money , she loves the money like i love it
well got to run , later gator ! take care !
after while crocodile , not too soon baboon
omao , that is funny , and new one for me
hi do you like the sunset i do
zi get up every morning and watch
i work so many hours like 60 a week so it is hard to find free time
just watching the sun rise really
that is about all i have
i am a vet and i need more exercise
i hope that works out for you
i hate that i have been doing it for years
hello what is going on in your life ?
just got back from visiting my mom she is in the hospital
i hope so too . years ago i was a runner and could run pretty fast
yes i did and now i have some health issues i can not chew my food
that would be so awesome i am game
i love the mountains especially this time of year
i am an er nurse so i know a lot about hospitals and doctors
hi how are you today ?
i am doing great . where do you work ?
not really but i am into body modifications .
like piercings . i have 10 of them !
haha whoops . i should stop smoking .
haha its so bad for me though
ambition is a subjective term
hello how are you doing today ?
i am great . i was on local news the other day
nothing illegal , just a family work day
it was scary but cool .
i loved math and science
yeah it is ! tell me about your family
what is that new job assignment ?
that sounds like fun ! i just sleep all day
what is your favorite meal ?
i am awesome . i dig pizza too . you like making it or taking out ?
i feel that . cooking is a good hobby to take your mind off stuff .
i work in a restaurant for now . how about you ?
i admire that a lot . i love the library . do you enjoy it ?
the best way to be around kids , haha .
hope someone is out there to brighten up my day
i want to go to school but got fired so now have no money for winter session
i know how you feel . someone at school found out i like men and women equally
yes but its hard to hang out with them since i still live at home . you ?
i think i need to find a support group to help me work out things .
if i can find a fun new job sounds great .
if you lived in co you could grow pot . make lots of money !
hello ! tell me a little about yourself
haha , well height is not the only thing . i am a vegan ! i care about the earth
oh wow ! you sound like my cat jasper ! he is the best .
well as a vegan barista , i can tell you there are health and planetary benefits !
you sound smart ! lots of people have trouble giving up eggs and fish .
not too bad . i distracted myself with my favorite things the color orange, roses, etc .
i understand . so you are smart , not very tall , and have big cheeks ?
hi
i live in celebration florida which is near disney
i know pretty bummed about the whole hurricane situation
just got to make it through the next few days at least i am not on the coast
i am married with 2 kids so i cook for them a lot
eh not so much my kids hate them
hello , how are you ? tell me about you
nice to meet you , my name is tiffany
what's your career ? mine is in law , i love running
my wife left me , but i love new york so i think i will move there
1 2 marathon is very impressive . how do you like nights
what kind of dogs do you have
nice , i have a yorkie and a great dane
right , but you can guess who run things
want to get to know each other ?
a little bored . i like excitement
i am planning to climb mt everest
i think so , on my last trip i went big game hunting
i love it , it is a thrill . i got a lion
it is important to me , i also work with clay
i make models . it takes practice
i like tea when i relax .
hey , i made the best tasting cake at work today .
three layers , chocolate , vanilla and strawberry with a caramel frosting .
yep , i would love to be a cat , and sleep 18 hours a day . you ?
oh , i am sorry . want to come play tennis with my two sisters and me ?
well sounds like you need to get out and have fun with friends .
not really . my mom works long hours , i too busy cleaning .
not really , rather be playing tennis ? are you coming with us today ?
hello there
not bad . how about you ?
right on . i was just practicing playing the bass .
electric
paul mccartney
right on .
what kind ?
hey my friend how are you
sounds fun tired of getting picked on about my glasses
sad now i want kids just my man left me so i want to enjoy life
just want to be alone anyway what name cat
hard to read what you say though sound nice
dogs will be better and i miss my cat husband took him
i need some space i just like alone time
wonder what my ex is doing
hey , how is it going ? what are some of your favorite things ?
i do like cops ! i also enjoy the opera ! ever been to one ?
maybe ! i am pretty tall though ! i am 6 feet !
5 inches ? what is your favorite car or truck ? i drive my favorite ! want to guess ?
i drive a 1980 bentley corniche . do you have a favorite vacation spot ?
i love water ! i have been to paris a few times , absolutely beautiful , i love it !
sure , sounds like a plan , you can be my date
crazy cat person here for ya
i have 4 . i have to work at a grocery store for a cat food discount
do you ever listen to Metallica while you train
they are my favorite ! i rock out to it while walking to my college classes
i hike to class . my college is up on a hill
it is ! the cats love it
sometimes . i feel incomplete without them, I wish I could bring my cats fishing with me on the weekends
any Metallica cover bands in Vegas
hi watching nascar with my uncle is fun
my parents taught at the local college
my dream is a beach house for my mom and me
i have a slight mcdonalds addiction
their shakes make my day plus my ninja broke again
yeah shakes not burgers their next door to my moms doctor
yeah my mom dad passed in high school
not really his work was more important
hey ! i am dealing with an extended layover for a flight and could use a chat .
that sounds fun . what kind of music ? did you write it yourself ?
a person with many talents , i see . i wish i had time to learn an instrument .
i travel for a living . i am headed to dubai for the first time .
my iphone case is red . that is probably my favorite color , to be honest .
i have seen a few , but they are not really my thing . do you watch them ?
i live with my mom and dad and they watch them all the time .
i always put on my headset when my parents watch scary things .
hello . how are you today ?
i am doing well . what is a hobby you have ?
i love to go hiking . that is cool .
cool . those are always fun to watch .
i work as an environmental engineer .
not really . i just like to live the experience without photos .
that sounds like a great thing .
hi there how are you
i am ok , need a shower though . my feet stink !
oh wow what color eyes do you have ?
mine are brown too ! i am muscular like my mom . she was a weightlifter .
i am not looking for love . i would rather have money .
that is one thing money can not fix !
not really , it is a waste of money . i spend my time trying to make more .
hello , how are you today ?
yeah , he was pretty good . i miss chester bennington
haha . i am kinda short but i won a competition in tap dancing
my twin brother works on cars , maybe he can fix it
lol . no , besides , i am a girl who had past girlfriends
haha , i wish i had an identical twin though
i work at bakery where i bake cakes .
my name is rose , 21 years old , want to be an artist . live in ny
california dreams ! do you have any pets ?
i live in a tiny fish bowl myself . along with prissy my little kitty
my neighbor accidentally killed hers in a dishwasher accident . for reals
question is . . . would you get a new dishwasher or would bleach be sufficient ?
new dishwasher , right ? right . sorry lets talk about something pleasant
i am an orphan . like annie . what did she teach you
which war did your dad die in
hello how are you tonight
i am doing very well . just got done with basketball , and had dinner at mcdonalds .
i am sorry , i cannot help you there .
maybe music therapy will help you .
that is horrible , are you going to go back ?
i am sorry , do you need a job ?
go to your nearest mc donalds , they will hire you .
someone there will help you .
hello how are you doing
awesome i am in a band
i want to direct a movie
i have over 600 movies
yes that would be nice
i can not wait to grow up
i need to go work at the circus
hello , i am looking for the love of my life ! you ?
oh , no ! i always do my hair and make up so i look good !
i like red ! most of my workout clothes are red ! do you work out ?
i love my marketing job . since i have no siblings i work a lot .
how much of an age gap ?
that is not good . i work out so i look good .
i like to jump rope . what else can you tell me about you ?
i hate those things but then again i do not have a TV.
hi how are you doing ?
oh i love that show
i would have to say black
yes i do since i work all day
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in california . ever been ?
hey , whats your favorite movie ?
ahh . favorite sport then ?
mines not a typical sport . i like rally races
subaru off roading , pretty much
i am not a big sports car person , lol . i need a car that can get dirty
nice ! i own an iguana , but that is about it for expensive things
his name is gary . like the snail
what are you doing today ?
what do you do for work ?
i am a teacher . for middle school . i teach art
i am not in college anymore but i went to UNT
awesome that is a great school . what goals do you have in life ?
that is a good goal . i want to visit the great pyramids one day
i play pool . i am really good at it . win almost every game
practice makes perfect . i used to be bad at it .
hello how are you today ?
do you work out a lot ? i do
i am a pretty big guy , i play a lot of football. I wish I could join a football team and play alongside you.
i am a truck driver , i do not like straight hair .
nice i served so my truck is a pretty safe place .
do you work out ? i am at the gym four days a week .
i am the new owner of a camper do your stones start fires ?
i like the smell of sage , can i have some ?
yes ! let us smoke it up
alright well , take it easy
how are you doing today ?
my name is beth , whats yours ?
that is ok lol my eyesight sucks
its alright i mean i like pizza but only with white sauce
yeah but i only have reading glasses at the time
me too but i am trying to get contacts and those are not cheap or free
worked up over what exactly
hi , how are you ? i have been busy playing games at the arcade .
i enjoy listening to music , especially linking park , but i am not sure why .
i do not have a job , i have not done much since high school
i do not think i could do that , i am a quiet person
i was recently diagnosed with autism
it explains some things , why i was always quiet in school .
i probably could , only get out to go to the arcade
hi i am tom and i am eating my favorite thing , pizza
oh awesome you should take her to an italian restaurant who does not love that
wow ! ! ! that is so cool , i better keep trying to watch what i eat maybe i will find someone
congrats i got mines a few years after moving here i am from east asia
well its never too late to explore
well that means you will have help when the baby arrives
hey how is everything ? are you watching the football game ?
the texans vs . bengals . love football , it reminds me of when i played in college .
yeah its a nice break from all of the news of politics .
i have since i unfortunately have a passion for it .
i am somewhat in envy of the kids i serve who are oblivious to it .
i own a local candy store .
i would love to but my wife somehow has a nose for when i do .
being with her for five years , she is my health police, but I wish I could join my brothers on their hunting trips more often.
i love chocolate foods it is so good
really ? do you have siblings ? like instruments ?
i am in college to help people out .
what do i mean by what ?
oh no that was accident , i am young lol
no not yet , learning the human brain .
i use geocache do you know what that is ?
how how is it going ?
oh do you work late ? how come ?
that is cool . i like to listen to music a lot when i surf
not bad , do you like donuts ?
i am an amazing baker i bet you would like mine
oh you sell clothing ? that is cool what kind ?
not bad . are you married ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
alright . my two daughters love that show .
is it fun ? i am an english teacher .
that must have been tough .
my dream is to be a writer one day .
we should go there together one day .
get ready for the plane ride though . i love telling stories .
how are you doing this evening ?
unless you count finger painting with my grandchildren , i would not know ,
indeed ? my husband was a soldier , until he passed .
honestly anything easy to chew . what is yours ?
wow . adventurous . i do not do anything more exciting than reading .
i wish i had a garden . i used to love tomatoes . how many kids do you have ?
what sorts of things do you like to grow ?
yeah . cukes are good . i have 4 kids and a gaggle of grandkids .
hi what is your name ?
ok debra i enjoy hiking , do you go to college ?
i see i enjoy reading american literature what do you enjoy ?
yes tennis is great . i now teach elementary school
secretary is a good job did you go to college ?
very exciting is archery a sport ?
oh yes i starting teaching american literature next week to them
hi ! tell me a bit about yourself !
oh really ! i ai not seen a lot of redheads around here . you irish ?
well the ocean is practically my home . always out sailin
ah come on , you have not lived until you have swam with the wildlife of the ocean .
i like to go fishin and read while i am waiting . love me some Jane Austin . you ?
nah those are too intense for me , i am more of a chill guy
nah , not for me . what kinda food you like ?
fish ! catfish is my favorite
i love working on trucks with my pup doberman .
ha , not the kind this guy works on .
hey i love a good food truck pizza as much as the next man .
what kind of store ? you should pick up pizza . if you could not tell its my favorite .
then i would recommend not doing it with cars around you .
with my job i park a lot of trucks .
yup , at 25 i am a professional parker .
yes , as uncommon as it can be did .
hi ! do you come from a big family ?
yes , but i cannot tell you the last time i spoke to them .
i do , but on facebook i have more than 4000 friends . kinda helps .
me either . i get uncomfortable in formal situations . you ?
oh i am sorry to hear that . i have a confessions as well .
i like to hitchhike . it is something i enjoy . kinda scary as well .
that is cool . i live for suspense . i have a boring day job .
good morning , how are you today ?
would like to get to know you better . any children ?
still young and energetic then . i have 3 older sons .
i own my own shop . i do custom upholstery . you ?
nice , do you own any pets ? my grandchildren fill that spot .
oh , pets take time for sure . i live in the country , upstate on a lake .
love the eagles . classic but they are great .
age differences , haha . i do not know them . my husband might .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great , thanks ! do you have any pets ? i have one cat ! her name is speckles .
yes , in an office ! and you ?
oh , cool ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to knit
that is pretty cool . do you have any tattoos ? i have two myself .
actually , yes , one of them is .
yes , they are . i love jewelry ! i go shopping often for it .
hello how is your weekend going ?
i hear ya on the hectic schedule . i have gone to mexico four times already this year .
i am a doctor ! good luck in nursing school tough career .
its a lot of work . my wife and i do not get along anymore because of it .
its the curse of the profession . i escape by skiing . what about you ?
gotta love the beatles . classic .
good afternoon how are you
i love to take pictures of people
me either i love blue
yes they do i love my puppy
mine either but it is going to be alright
thank you people tell me i am great
thank you for your kindness
me too they make the world a better place
hello how are you today
i am a student in college and captain of the cheer squad
blue and black , i am so popular regardless my anxiety
i read james patterson , cant wait to graduate in 2 years ! !
i live for asian cuisine but my dog bart not a fan of it . .
not til after college but my boyfriend and i have been dating since junior year in high school
i am going for a degree in computer programming
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is cool . no dad huh ? what do you do on your free time ?
everyone likes food ! i like reading books written by strong women .
since you have 2 moms i bet you are really liberal .
yes , i am a activist and like to educate myself on political issue .
currently , women rights ! i feel like i am really contributing to society via activism .
i absolutely agree , women are just as strong and capable .
hi how are you doing
nope , but i have seen the fall
oh , no . really , but when did you do this ?
sleeping in with my friends in newyork i love that
fish is healthy right ? i love eating foods that is healthy
those healthy foods makes my brown hair healthy too
especially during winter and fall my favorites
how are you doing today ?
what kind of phone do you use ?
do you ever go snorkeling ?
lg that is a far inferior phone compared to iphones
that is a shame i love to go snorkeling
what do you like to eat in the mornings ?
i can hold my breath for ages
i love friends and sushi . you have a fave tv show ?
wow ! england is where my brother lives . you self employed ? i am .
no gardening here . in mexico i have a timeshare . you have siblings ?
wow ! 9 huh ? i sell cable boxes . what do you teach ?
you go ! i am impress ! you sing ?
yes ! all the time . you dance ?
good for you ! i cook but not a chef . you cook ?
hmmm . what you growing in the garden ?
hi , how are ya ?
good , watching mike trout play baseball .
oh , i play in college going to be a shortstop someday . you like any sports ?
ll . i am 19 i like baseball and baking . odd combination
yes .
yes , i do , i bake pies with my grandma .
yes in missouri . how about you ?
fun in the sun lol !
how are you this fine evening ?
oh no . i bet you are just hard on yourself . change what ?
do you have siblings that can help ? my 3 sisters are always helpful for me .
you sure can do that . do you hike or do anything physical ?
me too . it gets my mind off things like work . do you work ?
hate it . especially to animals . do you have pets ?
i have 4 cats . they are comforting for sure , but make it hard to travel .
hi ! how are you doing ?
i know him somewhat . can anyone ever fully know god ?
not much of a reader . i have a ton of cds though !
that is true . oh it is okay we all have things we are passionate about
no idea it existed either haha i have the beetles though . they are my fav !
you met them ? ! ? that is amazing !
i have not done anything cool like that . i have a pretty boring past time
i like to gather rare stamps . . . or go shopping for vintage furniture haha
ahahah i really need it . maybe instead of shopping i will start helping people like you
good afternoon how are you
my spouse left me last night
i am very sad and lonely
i loved steak she did not
i love going to new york
i am going to find a new wife
i may go to new york to find her
i run every where i do not drive
hi . my dog's name is george . do you have animals ?
cats ! you are brave ! i like to take george to the beach . you ?
i enjoy bike riding and work . i use to work at a cable company . not fun .
sounds much more exciting . how long have you been married ? where did ya meet ?
i am so sorry to hear that ! so , you had 4 dogs and 2 cats ?
sorry about that . do you want more animals ? more kids ?
hi how are you ?
so do you do babysitting for a living ?
i work in a factory boring job
i was able to get a new sports car
so what is your hobby ?
i have a shin red car
hello how are you doing today ?
nice , i am just at amazon , fulfilling orders . i work here .
thanks for the tip , i forget sometimes . i exercise with my 2 kids though .
you seem to love working out , that is great . i need to make more time
that makes sense . i am very interested in robotics too .
yes , i just like this big company and i like to shop here too .
what do you like shopping for ?
do you like doing things outdoors like camping ?
hello how are you today ?
i am good just finalizing my divorce
yes good . what will you sing
yes but i wear very big glasses
no not by choice its because i have no kids
25 kids wow you have been a busy bee
i am a childs library teacher
hello , how are you ? i am in college and ride my bike .
i supplement my income by writing short stories , what do you do ?
i only work part time , at a daycare . i love kids
i only have two , they are both older . how many do you have ?
that is a lot of cats ! what kind are they ?
rescues are the very best ! i have a rescue rabbit .
it is slightly chilly , thankfully the sun is out .
hello . how are you this evening ?
doing great . what do you do for work ?
that is great ! my wife and i are both zookeepers .
i have to say the tiger . we have now trained over 20 types of animals !
what are you studying for at college ? baby tigers are adorable !
i am sure you will decide soon . any hobbies ?
how nice ! every since my wife beat breast cancer we travel in our spare time .
hello ! would you like me to tell you about myself ?
i live with my four german shepard dogs .
do you have any pets ?
how long have you had your kitten ?
what does she like ? my dogs like rides in my convertible , so i only buy convertibles .
have you ever written about ghosts ? i believe in ghosts .
after seeing ghosts several time . i created my own person religion about ghosts .
what is something out of the ordinary about yourself ?
hi , hows it going today ?
my kids love granny apples
rewarding job , i work at a hospital
its cool , would not go singing myself though lol
i am into baseball and hiking
you like just about everything lol
hi i just got out of yoga how are u
ouch careful , i aspire to get rich n take care of my family
wow neat i recently became a vegan
i hope it does i really like the guy, if I could, I would love to join my brother on one of his archaeological digs.
no i bet it is really nice
ahh well they do not have much hockey there i would be bored
3 dogs and a bearded dragon , you ?
hello , what are some phobias or fears you might have ?
oh , so i am guessing you are claustrophobic
i love snakes , salads , smoothies , lol
oh okay , what is your gender ?
i am a female and i work as a mystery shopper , fun right ?
do you know what a mystery shopper is ?
i have been doing it for a good 3 months now , i am still quite new
are you selling them , i would happily purchase one
hi how are you today
i am good do you read
what did you read then
which book is your favorite
mine is the half blood prince yeah
i do not like sports really
podcasts mostly i love them
i listen to lots of them
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
i love weight lifting not going for squats ever
lol i , like protein drinks ?
oh no well i use water in mine
watching tv , the mma is dope
yes like any weapons ? like knifes ?
what kind ? i do also
cool , i like the police do you ?
hi how are you tonight
i am good trying to figure out why i am not married
i am too that is cool i like fall but summer is better
i like to sleep in late and stay up all night
my hair is brown but i might dye it blue
i like to eat anything healthy
i do too but they are so bad for you
i imagine it is i would like to try it
hello mate .
sadly no . i would love one to watch sitcoms with .
my reality tv is talking to strangers on the subway .
my exercise is walking to work when my old honda does not want to start .
i listen to fall out boy cd every day to make it better .
it does . no , veggies and i are not the best of friends .
how many kids do you have ?
hello how are you today
me ! whats the craziest thing you have ever done ?
depends on what you go as lol i fell up a whole flight of stairs
what is your fav food ?
yum ! i make french fries at home with the little roman packs for salt
yeah i little . i mostly listen to music do you like up ?
cool . what else do you like cars ?
i love music from the eighties !
i like the music that talk about ghosts . they are really interesting .
i have never been good with names , but i know the singer has yellow hair .
day time is great . i like yellow . what about you ?
i always wanted to be an architect . what did you want to be when you grew up ?
i love games , do you make games with ghosts ?
even the dark ? maybe you can add some happy music from the eighties !
i just signed up with a site that allows me to buy bitcoin .
hi there , how are you ?
not doing so good , my wife thinks i am lazy and poor . she hates me
the thing is i actually won the lottery , but i did not tell anyone . its been 6 years !
because i did not want things to change , but now i am living a lie
well , i paint and i like it . organic scenes with trees specifically . so pretty
that sounds amazing . what do you do where you are ?
maybe my wife would not think i am lazy if i took surf lessons
that is a good idea . see , i need some tips
i think exercise is so important . how about you ?
my favorite exercise is swimming . how about you ?
what is your current job that you do ?
i attend college myself . do you like parties ?
not me . i love to be with people ! do you have hobbies ?
what do the police wives charity do ?
great . do you ever swim ?
how are you doing today ?
in a car in la
i see ! i am looking for a job !
well , i am not sure . i dropped out of college
some , but i am not sure is air hockey is a port !
i have never heard of that !
well , i go to the movie , play mario on n64 , stuff like that !
how are you ? what do you do for work ?
cool . i am a kindergarten teacher . there is about 26 children in my classroom .
did you go to college for that ? i graduated last year
the school i teach at is huge ! it is almost like a college .
mostly pop , a few like country
what do you like to do in your free time ?
haha , i go kayaking a lot , it is how i get most of my exercise
usually alone , i like the peace and quiet
hi how you doing tonight i am good let us chat .
oh yes no problem can you pray first ? thank you ,
okay anyway i thank god for our lives health and strength .
i learned how to do art with nice trees .
i hit the jack pot no body found out about .
i am broke now it was not for much but i would love sharing .
cool my woman do not like that i do nothing and have nothing .
you got that what is your favorite food ?
hello ! i cant wait for the weekend so i can go shopping !
i am a size 12 and there is always a sale on .
hopefully i will drop a size or 2 when i do dance lessons with the bf .
just basics right now . tango eventually .
eventually i want to go on a cruise . i have never been .
we will do a short one first .
you should go before it gets cold .
that sounds awesome . i bet it will be fun .
hi ! how are you doing ?
oh i wonder what it will be like to work one day . i am only 10
right now i am taking martial arts class after school with my best friend abigail
yeah ! almost as much as reading
i do not know how to cook yet . but i love reading harry potter whenever i can
what kind of work do you do ?
could you teach me how to cook ?
cool thanks ! me and abigail could teach you martial arts !
please tell me you are a guy lol
ok well maybe you can give me some advice .
awesome ! well i still have a thing for my ex . have you ever ?
yeah , you are right . i still love him . i do not know what to do
well he cheated on me so i would say yes .
you are so right . damn girl i wish you could smell this lasagna i am cooking .
hi how are you doing today
reading is what i usually do
i love different authors and i love the fine frenzy band
i do work in our hotel in i love eating chicken nuggets
i do play with animals
any kind of animal not really a specifically
chicken nuggets i like those
not really i just need it by itself
hi ! just getting ready to leave home for a period once again .
following my family footsteps , enjoying a long haul out west .
performing is fun . i look to my truck for great performances though .
do jugglers need to diet ?
ha ha ! dieting ! i stopped at a farm stand once and met my love .
i would like to take her away to a beautiful place like you see movies .
just like my dad teaching me to drive truck ! great !
hi ! what are you up to tonight ?
i love flowers and enjoy planting them . i have a garden .
do not feel bad . i live with my mother .
i have a dog that i love taking on long walks .
i am not much of a reader . i do like to cook for company .
mainly i like to cook italian , especially pasta . do you like pasta ?
especially if there is a side of garlic bread !
just toss in a salad for a perfect meal .
hello , my name is sarah . what is your take on the moon landing ?
faked for sure ! what do you do for a living ? i am a transcriptionist
being with 3 thumbs , i type at least 140 wpm
agreed . is your guitar red ? i love all things red .
that is great ! i live in new york . i talk quite faster ever since i moved here .
all over the place . i live in queens and there is one on every corner
i have never been to nashville . planning on going there sometime .
i make my living in a supermarket .
the supermarket is blue , that is my favorite color .
i work in the bakery i make cupcakes , i love cupcakes .
i am a big guy , green eyes and brown hair .
i read a book on weddings once , reading is a passion of mine .
i love that decade it had great music .
yes they did , great dancing too .
i have never met a ghost , so i am not sure .
hi , my name is vitaly . how are you ?
i was an actress in the past , now sitting near the laptop and chatting you
no , sorry . i live in eastern europe . i like country music and i am vegan
also , i like animals , especially dogs
yes , you are right . pandas are very cute .
yes , i like fresh mango and orange juices
nice , i would like to try it . are you a bar owner ?
wow , cool ! good luck ! nice to meet you
hi ! do you have a dog ?
mine is my best friend but i work a ton too computer technician
i do not get much time to read . coffee or tea or neither ?
i am obsessed with chai tea before bed and no real preference , i guess samsung .
if you could only wear one color . . . what would that be ?
me too ! what animal are you most afraid of ?
spiders scare me to death but i love snakes !
i am currently trying to write a novel
medieval times . knights and dragons !
lol a minute here , a paragraph there . i will get it done one day !
wow ! that sound like a full load and then some !
i bet . that sounds like a very full life !
lol my companion right now is the show rick morty . i watch while i write
yes it is ! that is why its my favorite . laughter is a great stress relief
hi , i am planning a trip , do you travel much ?
i would like to go on a cruise would you ?
why be scared i am planning on taking more dance lessons with my bf
ok , that is sad do you like to shop ? i do not have much time to . .
i only have time on saturday and sunday to shop
not sure , there may be many during the week
hi how are you doing
i am actually more into books
i am a teacher at a high school
i do but i use ot to spend time with my kids
8 and 10 both girls
girls are so nice and sweet
haha so true not excited for that
wow that is nice both teachers !
hi . i smell like awful feet
i am not sure . i love dogs and kids though
nice . i love to shop and chat
blah blah blah that is me
i cook alot . i am pretty fat
well , that is a good thing or i am doomed
ii adore ireland . i will also
hi , where are you from ?
ca . stanford university alumni ! did you go to college ?
i live and breathe soccer . it supports my wife and son , he just turned 4 ! you ?
active family , that is great ! you should get him in soccer now while he is young !
thierry henry started at that age , and now he is famous . my soccer idol !
what do you do for employment ?
oh , my wife does that too . she has been since i met her at stanford .
hi , i am 44 and have 5 amazing grandchildren
i do not like to read , but i love the sun
i love cheesy hot dogs , what do you like to eat
i also like chili corn dogs and also pizza
i live in a rural area so i have to drive 1 hours to get to work
yes i love being alone , i dislike crowds ! ! ! !
hello , how are you this fine evening ?
that sounds lovely ! i am a actor so i never get to do fun things like that .
i have done acting since i was ten . i am gone to much for a pet .
i started starring in commercials when i was a kid . acting keeps me pretty busy .
how interesting . what kind of art do you make ?
that sounds like it is really fun !
how many kids do you have ?
are you married or do you have a boyfriend ?
hello there my name is kat
i do not really watch sports
i mainly spend my time studying to be honest
i study radiology , and is it hard ? i never was a good runner
it is , and is it cold out there , i heard yall get a lot of snow
haha do they actually be out often ?
are they at least friendly
people do that ? seems really mean
have you seen my neighbors pool boy ? so cute .
yes he does . no ! yes he does , you do not know anything .
can you cook cake for me ? mystery flavored cake ?
it is a mystery silly , we would not know . the voices in my head say chocolate .
i bet the pool boy likes chocolate . what sort of things do you like ?
i like fake dogs wearing rain coats . have you run across any toys with rain coats ?
thanks , i need to add to my collection . do you collect things ?
hello how are you doing
oh my yes that would be awesome
i love trains too especially the thomas one
my boys play football in the fall
well my kitty died and i am sad
of course i would i will name her percy
awesome i can take the train
sounds great see you at four
hi am jane and i enjoy sweets very much and it is an addiction of mine
hey ray , my grades in math is a c and science is a d .
i am to young to help you . i enjoy listening to bruno mars
i have this thing where i just want to sleep
running is a good thing to do . i normally walk .
are you in the navy
oh ok , there is a difference
what else do you do ?
hi there . how are you ?
how old are you ? i am just freshly 19 .
i love baseball . you like sports ?
sounds super cool . i aspire to play baseball .
thanks ! i appreciate that . nice of you
do it if you want . live for you and only you .
i hope to also . thank you . do you enjoy church
hey hows it going tonight ?
just got done reading a good mystery ! so tell me about you
i like to read but not school texts ! i am working on my law degree . so over it !
that is awesome ! where are you based out of ?
oh man ! its awful ! i was in chicago for college and it was brutal ! !
that is awesome ! is that what you do in your free time or for work ?
that is awesome ! ! i am not nearly as interesting ! i do love tennis though !
yeah , all sports are pretty fun ! do you have a big family ?
how are you doing today ?
i am doing ok i like to draw
i love playing soccer too
i am young and still in school
making money drawing all day does not sound bad
i do i have three dogs
that is such an adorable name
do you walk her when it is cold ?
hello there ! how are you tonight ?
me too ! just tapping away at this keyboard with my long noodle fingers .
you gotta love working with kids though right ?
are you playing tennis now ?
not really . i do not believe in watching television. I wish I could relax by the lake on weekends like you do, Sarah.
i have always wanted to be a teacher , but my skeleton like body would frighten them .
i work at the local grocery store . . . where i scare kids .
i utilize my long legs to stock the highest shelves no one else can reach .
hey , just got back from out of town .
princeton . just visiting my old dorm .
very peaceful . i am listening to bach right now . how about you ?
wow ! that is a lot of work . do not you ever get tired ?
do you ever watch the voice ?
i love it . you should put it on in the background sometime . 3
is there anything else you like to do ?
hello how is it going
i have still having morning sickness been like this for the passed 3 months
so awesome i am carrying twins already have 3
i should try that since i am on bed rest for the next 5 months
i do my best to do it but my mom helps
how old are you i am 26
yes that is so cool
peanut butter on my pizza
how are you tonight
my bobbys are baking and having fun time with the family
that is cool what kind of cars
nice i work out alot
i work out the same how old are u
that is cool i have 3 kids months 5 and 9
hi ! how are you today ?
ooh , do you have many pets ?
www . i just got back from work , 3 hour drive that is .
yeah , i like my job but its a long drive and traffic is awful .
not a big fan of music myself , i listen to lots of podcasts , though .
no , i listen to a variety of podcasts .
i love it too . i also love reading , its so relaxing .
hi how are you today ?
where do you work at ?
yeah i hear it is always a party
mine is probably christmas and you ?
what is your favorite color ?
that is nice do you like music ?
that is nice do you have shoes ?
hi there , how are you doing ?
it is my birthday , so pretty good . i am nineteen .
love cats . how many do you have ?
would love one , but too busy with college baseball .
i hope so , i just made the team . starting shortstop .
thank you . what do you do ?
i never saw that show . how many kids do you have ?
hi , how are you today ?
i m in florida , i really like colorado . i m a writer
horror , i am also gluten free
is good , i enjoy rock climbing
do you like dogs ? i have one
what color is your hair ? mine is black
my wife just made me laugh ; she always does . are you married ?
do you have children ? each child of mine , i love dearly .
not to be actors , i hope ! i tried that . now i am a plain baker .
what kind of car ? why do you want a car ?
not my first choice . what else do you like ?
i plan to watch more baseball after I retire . i can hardly wait to retire .
except for an orange car . what do you do for work ? are you a student ?
what does she do for work ? what do you do when she is at work ?
hello , what color is your hair ? mine is blonde .
you should watch tv to escape from that . have you heard of the walking dead ?
what do you do ? i an a hunter .
same ! so much so , that my favorite team is the tigers ! do you exercise often ?
everyday ! what do you do in your free time then ?
where do you want to move to ?
you will get there , just keep connecting with people with common interests .
i try to be . the world needs more better people .
do you have any pets ?
i am well how are you ?
i hope to own a ferret one day
i write blogs how about you ?
i like pizza . that is one thing i am not allergic to
well no , i am just allergic to one thing
peanuts , i have a peanut allergy
hi there . tell me about yourself .
i love movies too ! i do a little acting myself , community theater .
i am in med school right now to become a doctor like my parents .
i should have done acting full time , but i will make more money as a doctor .
that is great ! i wish i had time to exercise .
i want to lose weight . i am in love with a beautiful girl .
same age as me , but she does not know i am in love with her .
why do you say that ?
hello , i am on my way to a Taylor Swift concert . are you a fan ?
that is cool . do you like beer when you watch sports ?
my employer is a beer distributor . i could bring you some .
i from Miami, FL . i am here with my husband and kid .
my husband was a teacher before he became a stay at home dad .
i do too . you can drink beer after a long day of grading papers .
hello there , how are you doing ?
doing well , definitely cannot complain .
yes i do , i play baseball for the baltimore orioles , you ?
way more impressive ! where did you go to college ?
i studied at miami u myself , i donated a million dollars to them a last year .
thank you it was a whole years salary ! and yes , i have a husband .
hi . hope you are well this evening .
i am good . i have 2 dogs actually . you ?
i have a bunch of siblings ? got any ?
i am a freak and left turns terrify me
i dig your attitude . good way to live .
we need more of that in this world . i hope to do that too .
i suppose you have to in that line of work . kudos for your strength .
totally agree with you . good outlook .
hello how are you today
i am doing just great enjoying some alternative rock now
i will have to leave soon to work at the craft store in my area
i do it to keep busy at times
i like the smell of daisies
that is great we have something in common
i love a good movie
i have seen that before , and i like to crochet
hello ! how are you . i hope you are from australia
i want to move to australia some day
i fear the cold which i why i work in houston
when i go jogging it is nice to have a cool rain come in
i do not know much about computers . hope it turns around for you
i do not know who that is . what has she been in ?
she sounds like a good one . i wonder if my sister knew her
hello how are you doing today ?
great , i am just spending time with my 8 grandchildren since i am retired
it is , i like staying very active to keep in good health
yes , it is . tell me about yourself .
you sound amazing ! vegan , that is a hard lifestyle choice !
since you are amazing i might not have to use my glasses to see you
true , you might burn the retinas right off me
an amazing buddhist . tell me more !
me and kj my goofy kitty say hello ! how are you ?
good ! just finished unpacking . we just moved to a new state for work .
its my husbands job . he is in sales . i am actually a retired nurse .
well we have lived in a lot of states so i look to explore local sites . you ?
really ? that is interesting . i joke that kj likes politics . political kitty !
haha , probably . he is a sweet lil guy who loves tuna and is not mean .
hi there , are you a retired reporter like me ?
that is absolutely great just fantastic
you should bake a pie in the shape of my mustache , it is huge !
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i was an alcoholic once
that is absolutely great just fantastic
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
you can throw a birthday party in my condo
hello . how are you doing ?
i am retired at 53 years of age .
it is great . here in alabama , i like to go to a lot of sporting events .
ah , nice . i should probably help with something like that . sitting around has made me fat .
very cool . have blonde hair like me ?
yeah , maybe i will do that .
oh , so you are bald ?
hey ! i will try and keep this short . how is it going ?
i am pretty well . i am hanging out with my wife tonight .
that must be fun . it is nice to be alone every once in a while
i remember those days . i am out of school though , now i teach yoga .
it is something that i have been doing with my wife since high school
watch netflix , hang out with friends , go hiking . what about you ?
that is interesting . my mother used to love going there before she passed .
plenty of time to think and figure yourself out .
hi how are you today
i have homework but am to worried to do it
i stress about money too much
i am only in 10th grade and i hate school and am always in trouble
i will my dad just has these crazy rules he is so strict
that band is amazing ! Flea is an epic bass player too
i wish i could play bass like him, if only I could travel back in time and learn to play bass like Flea from Red Hot Chili Peppers
hi there , how are you ?
you sound healthy . i am actually a registered nurse myself .
well , i am not much into sports , more of the reading type and a good movie
a book on veganism . i turned vegan recently
i read it was not healthy . sometimes i sneak one in when i watch pretty woman though
i live in utah . how about you ?
i wonder if he is close by . i remember you telling you lived in pittsburgh already . sorry !
utah is really beautiful you should let me know when you visit
i sorry to hear that . what else do you do ?
i work a lot , so i do not get to do much else
good afternoon ! how are you today ? i just woke up from a 10 hr nap . ll
so you like to work out ? i wished i had to time
wow , impressive ! all i do is work , play my guitar , and sleep .
sorry to hear about your mother . how old were you when she past ?
i hear running is good for you . i should try it one day .
maybe would not sleep as much that way i can look for a band to join .
thanks for the encouragement i definitely need it .
how are you doing tonight ?
good . i am on youtube , and i am eating shremp !
i use bbq sauce , and i am unsure if you would like that !
my dog , droopy loves them !
thanks ! i hate adobe reader !
well , because i think it is to hard to use !
oh , it is ok , i just use something else that is easier !
i have 2 sisters ! do you ?
saving up to get my first car, you?
this year i will be taking off before i go to college.
fyi, i reside with my mother and father.
44!, i have a job working at the local mcdonalds.
a year off before i go to college will be good.
100000 so you know, i live with my mom and dad.
hey, what's going on . you play video games ?
hah i love video games . i really like ballet too though
that is awesome ! ! were you wearing purple ? ? i love purple
that is really cool . now you can always watch it
holy moly ! that is a lot . any favorite foods ?
yea do not do that . i am obsessed with mac n cheese ! !
how was your day today ?
well i was not successful in finding a job so i start a business , so productive lol
do not we all . i sell random things in local fairs
haha they are yummy , and i am lucky its been better than expected
i am sure they were real at one time , know they exist in only fairytales
the best , until they burn your house down ahahah
my best friend just came out of the closet !
girl . i thought she liked my sister . i was right
work for the man . i will own my own one day
programming is where i will make my mark .
staying up late . is that a hobby ?
well then , i enjoy long walks . . . and staying up late
no pets . may get a snake ?
i just love flowers , especially roses . how about you ?
do you have animals ?
my cats name is jasper , he is so cute !
i am a barista at joe jacks coffee shop
i like nature , i am vegan so i feel close to nature
i am 40 and i love the color orange
that is why i love fall , because its orange everywhere
hello how are you doing ?
doing good nighttime is my favorite time
i do artwork at home and sell it . and you ?
i used to years ago .
just got older and not as agile
yes that is true . my cat charlie and i could dance lol
somewhat lol he sits when i draw and watches me
he is about 2 years old
hi there ! hows your day ? i just finished work at the zoo
what game ? i love video games . i wish i had time for them
that is cool . my wife and i train new animals every day
all kinds . mostly reptiles , but i have trained 30 animals in my career
my wife is in breast cancer remission so we eat plant based diets .
its hard ! my valedictorian daughter helps keep us on track . she is responsible !
ah , how many siblings do you have ?
hi how are you today
pretty good thank and you ?
what do you do for fun
nice what do you like to drink
i love coke its great with jack too
do you ever go running ?
me too running is the best
noah gimme some of those genes
hello how are you doing ?
i love dogs and cats and have a cat named radar
i eat out so much cuz i do not care for cooking
i like to draw . i wear contact lenses so i can see better
i love to eat but it makes it hard to lose weight
i am so short i have a hard time getting up into a 4 wheel drive
hello my mommie let me play on her computer
i am 5 years old
i like dino dan and i like sesame street
i like big bird and bert
i am a female and i am smart for my age
i started school last month
it is good . i go outside and play and dance a lot
hi , there i am john . how are you doing today ?
i am happy with anything . as long as there is not a long wait !
absolutely , last time i was in a mall was for senior prom photos !
canada , but i wish i could just tour the world with justin bieber . you ?
who does not ? so , do you have a spouse ? kids ?
gotcha . my sister wants me to find someone , have a family . but i am only 22 !
hi there how are you doing
i am the son of a dairy farmer
honestly badminton is my passion but the careers are very limited
do you like vegetables and fruit ? i hate them
mostly cake , i just pretend to like the healthy stuff
i love playing basketball but my game needs work
do you want to have a career in music ?
do you play any sports ?
hello . how are you today ?
i am in school in florida getting my degree .
no pets . i am too busy with sports . do you play any sports ?
i like watching tv mostly not really into music .
i do not work . i was in two car crashes so i cannot work
i think food and water are the best . you cannot live without them .
hi it is a lovely rainy day , great for fishing .
i had a job since i was 14 , since my dad passed at 2
oh that is awful . do you have a favorite season ? mine is spring
i do agree with you , in fact i would be inclined to agree any other day lol
fishing . do you have any ?
most tv reality stars have eyes in the shade of blue .
yeah , but i would not cash me outside those tv reality things .
hey there how are you today ?
uh oh that sucks . i am good . still in high school . grades are slipping
yea i have got cs and ds currently
that is cool . i have a serious sweet tooth lol so that helps me
haha yea i love cookies . i sleep way too much too . you like music ?
i am obsessed with bruno mars . he has a killer voice
how are you doing tonight ?
well , i was born right under a moon !
well , i live in the mountains ! i enjoy hiking !
well , i have never left the us , and i work odd jobs !
i do love pizza ! what is your restaurant called ?
no , how long has it been open ?
when did you take it over ?
do you want to run it ?
hello ? anyone out there tonight ?
doing great . hey , you wo not believe who i ran into the other day .
jimmy fallon . he was at a bar i went to .
yeah , he is pretty funny .
not as great as johnny carson , but he is still pretty good .
indeed . so what do you do for enjoyment ? hobbies ?
interesting . what character is that ?
good day . how are you doing ?
currently working internationally on some business . pretty nice having a wonderful job , and no schooling .
that is wonderful . I currently know over 300 languages from constant travel . how about you ?
never met my parents so i am not much for sports as most men are .
that is nice . what would you say your most outstanding characteristic or talent is ?
guess all the languages i know would be something to brag about . any kids ?
nope not yet . hope to settle down one day , but the business life has me now .
trying to track down my parents so i can one day meet them . you ?
all over the place . you ?
hi ! i am from chicago , nice to meet you !
nice ! ! ! i only play quake . i play it on my slackware linux system !
very cool ! ! ! both my moms were so proud when i did sports as a kid !
i played baseball ! they still tell me they love me every time i call them !
i just buy whatever i can afford . i have adidas at the moment .
that is a long time for one pair of shoes ! !
that is true ! ! quake is the only game that makes me happy nowadays ! ! ! !
if you could visit any other country , which would you choose ?
good choice ! i love to travel and wish i could more
i have heard its super nice , is swimming a favorite hobby then ?
i understand that completely , i have a new job so i am working all the time
i can imagine , do you like being a secretary ?
that is a good reason to stay there then !
i have cats too ! they get so jealous when a new member comes
i heard of this new mexican restaurant . want to go ?
i did my homework quick so i can go hunting .
nothing much . my mom wants me to take up piano she taught piano when i was a kid .
no , i would rather pluck a bird than piano keys !
where are you from ? deep south for me .
i love baked goods . that and mexican food . hate seafood , though .
blueberry pie ? i like things that are blue , even when they are purplish like blueberries .
blue is best , though . i always go for blue whenever i can .
hi my type of music is country ! how about you ?
could not less agree ! glad to hear !
i drive a food truck at the moment . hopefully i find a better job . dear lord .
nice ! now that is a job to have !
lucky ! i am almost 6 ft tall . i do not know if that would be a job for me .
it is ! being 6 ft tall is not helping either.
hi . i am so tired . i work long hours at the hospital . do you work ?
do you drive ? i love my toyota . i love driving home , but not to work .
i ride my bike to vote . i vote for everything !
yes , but do not have any . do you have any animals ?
i bet . are you married ? do you have kids ?
same here . all work and no play ! what do you like to do for fun ?
are you into star track movies ?
i am a big fan of star trek movies
i see the stars overnight when i work on the railroad
i love to listening to vv band well driving fast cars and eating pretzels
cookies are your favorite food ?
i am more of an omnivore when it comes to food . wish i was taller too .
hello , my name is carson wentz
i am a quarter back for the philadelphia eagles .
well you should . last year was my rookie year .
sucks for you . this year i plan on making it to the playoffs .
that is cool . this is only my second year in the league .
hunt in north dakota mostly .
i do not hate on museums and art , just more of a country boy i guess
do you not like traveling ?
what time you go to work ?
what did you have for dinner ?
how is the weather now ?
what do you do for fun ?
do you have any pets ?
are you married , with children ?
ok do you like sports ?
what is your favorite team ?
maybe i should get another wife ?
it would be my sixth . yeah , i won a bar , so coffee is a must .
a poker game . owner lost on a bluff , what an idiot .
of course i am likable . i am a millionaire . i own a downtown chicago bar . ha .
i do not care . i am rich . i want a wife . how about you ?
look at that , baby . i will buy you a hat .
sure . enough coffee to fill the bathtub for you .
hi . my favorite show is dancing with the stars
nice . i sing broadway show tunes
i like to think so
a couple dogs and a cat
nice , dogs are good pets
i like purple the best
hi how are you doing tonight ?
got some achy joints but other than that cannot complain .
gonna fix me up some beans and rice and probably listen to sinatra .
you like stephen king novels ? or more john gresham ?
not much of reader but i heard those authors were good .
i like to go fishing on my private lake . its pretty relaxing
nope . retired 20 years ago . just enjoying my life now .
enjoy it while you can ! try to meet people and settle down if possible
what color is your hair ?
i have brown hair and like being barefoot . do you have cats ? i have one .
i love to sew ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love reading too but i need to move more to lose weight . ha !
i have two brothers . one plays the sax .
firestarter by stephen king is my fave . do you like country music ?
i used to play the clarinet so i like classical music too .
what is your favorite car ? mine is prius and i drive one !
i live in my own home and you ?
how do you get around ? do you have family ?
my car is too small , that is why my wife is at home with the kids .
my car is too small , that is why my wife is at home with the kids .
do you have a big family ? i am a lawyer
ha ha , but my firm is big though , small car big company
hi how are you today
probably have more coffee ha
i work at a coffee place i can help
where do your parents live ?
mine literally live across the road
them across the street i suppose
just being an amazing barista
hello and how are you today ?
listening to music , not working today ?
working , waiting for lunch , i love to eat .
lukas graham , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
i love mostly anything . swimming i would say first love .
hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream.
yep , want to win the lottery , does not everybody ?
sounds like you keep busy .
man i am having a rough day today .
just not happy . my girlfriend never understands me .
well i want to go clubbing , and dress up and she hates it .
haha , no wear nice clothes .
she only wears jeans and a t shirt , that gets old ,
she would probably just dig out a pair of my old clothes .
hello ! i am anne ! nice to meet you !
i am sorry to hear that . i am doing great !
that is not healthy . i find shopping relieves my stress
tooth , but the car trunks were so small ! not that my seemers that big . . .
true . but i bet women then could not rack up as much debt as i can now !
exactly ! ll and being single at my age would be a scandal !
hello ! do you watch telenovela shows ?
it is a Spanish soap opera .
i learned Spanish by doing commercials . i am an actress .
i started when i was ten . so , almost 15 years .
i go to spas and hang out with my dog .
i am an actress , so i do not care for movies .
i am an Ohio native ! what about you ?
the rock and roll hall of fame , hike , sports , cedar point , etc
hey you ! what did you do today ?
oh you sound mean . i am fat too
do you sew or crochet ? i do
you sound interesting . what do you look like ?
haha i am a girl . short , fat , with brown hair
we would get along then ! tell me you love cats too
aw my cat would love your chinchilla . they can cuddle
you would think i am really hot then
hi how are you today ?
good just finished my training last week to become a welder .
why are you really excited ?
cool . what is your favorite thing to do ? mine is riding roller coasters .
cool . do you have a dad ? mine left when i was 5 .
that is great ! i am going to start an internship soon , at a construction site .
curly hair can be a pain !
lol well everyone has to be something !
hey how are you , what do you do for a living ?
i am self employed but i want to be a famous actor singer
right , i love the arts music just want to share my gift
i grew up doing gospel , but i play rb , jazz , oldie pop
haha that sounds awesome , it would be a dream come true !
not really , i just love music singing acting
thanks , you think so ?
hello , how are you today ?
oh ? i take it you are into fashion ?
cool . i do not know a lick about fashion .
i would rather cook and bake than clothes shop .
the usual stuff , but baking is the best . i own a cupcake business .
my peanut butter and bacon cupcakes sell the best .
it is interesting , but sometimes you need to think outside of the box .
hi , mountain bike is my favorite sport
i hope you have a good sense of humor .
the country is where i am now , do you draw ?
yeah , you are right . i do drawings of people on the streets walking .
do you like tea ? i love it .
tell what ? let me know what you mean by that ?
you sound like you are very healthy
people watching ? that is a hobby that you enjoy ?
hey you . what is going on ?
they are okay . i am much more passionate about computer programming
yummy . i love hot dogs . i bet that is a fun job
that is so unfortunate . i am sorry
sometimes it is for the best .
my gay best friend would rather have a dog too
no but that sounds like an interesting job
ew ! so strange . i eat a lot of taco bell as a student
i m so glad to be done with the 9 5 life
no i haven t but it s something i just been able to afford regularly
that s great ! what are your thoughts on working 9 5 ?
have you every tried your luck with the lottery ?
yes actually i recently hit the jackpot and i m loving life , you should try it !
my goal of never clocking in again came so unexpectedly ! how s your life ?
that s a very rewarding career field i heard . what interests you about it ?
hey . how are you doing this fine day ?
sounds fun is it a pony ? all i got is cats to play with .
my little . trying to watch the dragon ball z .
over seas sounds nice . you must miss him . my cat is nice .
does the army let you have a cat ?
how many horses you have and that is good
sounds fun . this dragon ball z is amazing .
my cats is amazing and do you have any ? goku is great .
hi ! how are you today ?
not too bad . i am waiting for my chocolate cake to finish baking .
so does my grandson ! i really enjoy baking . what do you like to do ?
i can never understand that show . i must be too old for it .
i would rather watch days of our lives . now , that is the drama i like .
if you like game of thrones , i doubt you will enjoy a soap opera .
hello there , how are you doing ?
i am doing awesome ! i had breakfast at a great restaurant .
chicken and waffles with ambrosia
very . i am in finance , what do you do ?
nice ! i went to an ivy league school , where did you go ?
ah . okay . are you active in politics ?
i make better chocolate cake than they serve at mar a ago i bet !
i am a hunter and i seriously doubt you shot a lion or that it eats cake !
i only hunt to eat not for trophies . why you kill a lion ?
only rich people climb mount everest . how is that great ?
whatever . i would much rather stay at home and make fur coats from rabbits i kill
lion fur is rough . and it stinks . you do not sew much do you ?
hello . how are you doing
i am great . i just need to get through my game
dungeons and dragons . i wish i could live in the game .
that sounds nice . what movies do you like ?
i work on video games
that sounds very interesting . do you like it ?
i want to visit another world
no i do not in this world
hi , how are you doing today ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work for a greeting card company .
i proof read cards . do you have any hobbies ?
do you like movies ? my favorite is goodfellas .
i like to read in my spare time .
do you enjoy watching sports ?
hello . i am omar . how are you ?
cool . where do you live ? i am on a small farm in ohio .
cool ! do you have any siblings ?
oh . i have three brothers and i am the youngest .
do you play any musical instruments ?
oh . i am in a local band and i play the guitar .
that sucks . i am sorry you are going through that .
yes . they are always feisty .
whats going on , have a good day ?
yes that is a bad habit . i have to have soda all the time . that is bad too
i am a restaurant owner . my diet is horrid lol i eat junk all day
oh that is awesome ! my sister is a teacher . whats your fav band ?
oh sweet ! i love pop punk . i am obsessed with the rolling stones though
i will have to check them out . do you like a day to remember ? ?
yea they are from fl . i am in a band called broken city sky . check us out !
hi , hello , how are you ?
sick ! you condition ? gotta keep it soft
i learned about that while i was training over 20 different animals . what kind of bike ?
that is cool . i got a single speed i like to cruise around when its not 100 degrees
ah shoots . whats its name ? i am picturing a et type of move
i love my wife , i work with her . is that because she is cute as a button ?
adorable . tell me more about yourself
i like being 6 feet tall . how tall are you ?
i see . do you like being that tall ?
it is kind of a struggle for me sometimes as a woman .
no kids . i hope my kids will be as tall as me though .
well , i hope they get our genes ! do you play basketball ?
awesome ! i played in high school .
i am turning 30 in a couple of months !
nothing yet . maybe watch some nba .
hi . i live way out here in rural wisconsin . how are you today ?
that does not sound healthy . like to snack on popcorn .
bummer . i like to stay active by horseback riding and snowboarding
my bro used is lazy now . he used to play in the nfl but retired
yep ! he gave all my inheritance to the harvey victims .
yes , but we will help them out too
hi there . do you like music ? i love gaga and madonna .
i love beer so expensive at concerts though . i go to at least ten a year .
i could never afford to live there . not on my walmart salary .
uh oh . time for planet fitness haha .
that is the cheaters way out ! haha
that is really gross , but to each his own .
well i love to read .
yea , i am shy so i stay home a lot aside from the concerts .
hi what do you think baseball
i am started shortstop . i am in baseball team .
not much . mike trout is my idol .
he is famous baseball player .
do you have good at sing ? my old is 19 .
cool . we are very different .
i like fish . what do you like ?
hi ! just came back from my weekend bike ride , do you wanna chat ?
so nice , i sale insurance and with the hurricanes has been very stressful .
went to sears yesterday , bought some blue paint for my house .
not really , i posted a comment in my reduit account .
it is not your fault .
ok , apology accepted , i will post how nice you are !
i will need some more blue paint , so sure !
hi how are you today ?
i am not sure but my dog is maddie
oh dang i am on fifteen heh
they are quite energetic . i got yucky braves .
i should be buy i am playing hoolie
i bet . everything is new to me because i am a teen .
i do not i study science mostly its fascinating
are you smarter than a 10th grader ? p
i have a confession . . . i my name is mark and i catfish people
nothing really i make loads on being an international catfish
miami . . . i live in little cuba , but i wish i lived in europe .
what do you do ? can you speak another language ?
to europe ? i google europe for about 15 hours a day !
awesome ! i am supposed to go meet my online gf but i am a catfish
anyone european , my life is boring , but hero culture is wow ! do you like movies ?
i love foreign horror ! much scarier .
hello care to chat with a rap music lover ?
oh well maybe when your older ? do you have any hobbies ?
i like sleeping . that happens when you get old .
awesome ! do you like ergonomic keyboards or chairs ?
is just a special design of where to place items . its pretty awesome .
yes . so do you have brothers and sisters ?
hi there i love this weather an the trees an the clouds
i am well trying to teach my kids things
no i just teach my kids my languages an cook all the time
no but i do love it !
i do not work at all . just my mom teaches .
cool i would love to travel i like different environments
it would nice too see !
hello . got any burritos . my favorite food is burritos
do you like to hike ? i love to hike and be outside !
no . i am close to my mom the hiker but not my dad who rides motorcycles .
those are so cool . really expensive though !
i wish mine was . i barely make minimum wage .
i am vegan so no i do not . what do you do for work ?
hello hi how are you ?
i got married , how about you ?
we met at a bookstore , near the nicholas sparks section my favorite
good luck with that , i hope you are happier after being more open
my plans are to plan for next week . how about you
how about writing , do you like that ?
i do a bit , mostly journaling . do you like to sing ?
if you love it , if it makes you feel better , than you have got talent
hi do you have any hobbies i love drawing
wow i am 2nd generation from greece
well people think i am a guy cause i am so tall
5 foot 9 and i love asian fusion
men are intimidated by my height
nah far from it but black n white hair 3 tattoos but my height is a problem
i hope so cause i want a family beyond my animals
never been to jail and only 1 parking and 2 speeding tickets ever
hi , how are you today ?
very well . just cooking dinner , so that makes me happy .
lasagna for my room mates . i have two . do you live alone ?
you are a student ? did you get stuck on the first floor ?
i am looking for someone to take pictures of my dogs .
just 2 , plenty for living on the third floor . do you have pets ?
i imagine . must be a circus . i am afraid of clowns .
one of my room mates picks on me . the other room mate agrees .
hey i am amanda ! tell me something interesting about yourself !
yum ! i love five guys and i love anything italian ! especially cooking it
that is cool do you travel i love hitting the beach near me
do you have any pets i bring my pug everywhere with me !
that is so cute ! i love my pup i am obsessed with him and my nieces !
i am like the best aunt ever !
7 wow ! i have 5 nieces !
they do ! but they are so worth it !
hi , i am so bored .
i am so uncomfortable , huge and pregnant .
i am keeping it a surprise this time .
a stay at home mom . what about you ?
can you teach me something ?
whatever you want to teach me
that sounds pretty boring .
working at the fire station as a paramedic . whats up out there ?
awesome i love teachers . i am studying to be a rn soon
i have 3 sisters who live in mexico
sure i like to listen to music when i walk . i like the beatles
yes i can bake some in my studio apartment . i have a small oven
you sound like a professional cook !
that is a great combination someone who cooks well and can teach it !
hey there i feel like i never rest as a doctor
this hospital is just so huge , really ? i like that on my boat .
yes me too ! i hate it is ending soon
i just enjoy the boating when we are not vacationing
what is the biggest fish you caught ?
what was the biggest that you caught ?
i could not let it go i like fish to eat lol
hi hows it going with you ?
that is good . what kind of work do you do ?
i like games but do not have anyone to play with
not familiar with it . you ?
cool . i watch lots of tv because i have nothing else to do
i am sure that would be cool
hello there ! how is your day going ?
oh my . my grandson loves to fix cars . is everything ok now ?
so is my grandson ! its not easy getting old for people or cars .
is it something you can afford soon ?
sorry . my income is pretty limited after getting on medicare .
i am long retired . now i watch a lot of tv and cook for my family .
hello ! hows your weekend going ?
been repairing my boat so i can get back out on the open seas .
no place better to fish , pillage and plunder and drink mead !
we do not just like in minnesota ! ll indeed so . how about you ?
ha ! i knew i liked you from the start !
we have a long history of good map making and navigating .
not pleasant , but must be done . so why do you not like the ocean ?
hello , how are you this evening
what do you do for a living ?
that sounds like an interesting job
that would be so nice ! working in your pajamas all day
do you have any hobbies ?
wow , 10 cats ! that sounds like a cuddly handful
i really enjoy the outdoors
good afternoon and i hope it is a good one
good just hanging out in my empty apartment playing some video games
i am really good at monopoly
yeah it is a fun game
i do not have a lot of spare time but when i do it is fun
sometimes but i do play my guitar a lot
i like different types of spanish music
yes i am learning how to play
hi how are you
i am really into nature and yoga . you ?
that is a great instrument .
oh gosh
what kind of food do you like ?
i have been experimenting with different salad recipes lately
ahahah its not that bad
hi ! !
pretty good you ?
do you like sugar ?
i am diabetic . lucky
nope , it will put me right in a coma . do you like music ?
very cool . i have never been employed .
my mom works at apple . are you a mom ?
how are you doing today
ok just getting for my limo driver
really ! was it a nba game
i play basketball at maryland college
my favorite nba team is the wizards
ok i played against them and i scored 45 points
yes i am one of the highest paid player in the nba
hey, I am pretty down today
i need a little help in the kitchen all the time , lol
me too lol ! i am a little weird too especially with vegetables ha !
this is really weird lol me too
yes i am ! i am going to have me a steak today !
yes i do , an i like 5 different coffees
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i love the outdoors . . . hiking camping
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like the outdoors , hiking camping
i work at the library
its a very peaceful environment
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i am a stand-up comic , simpletons are how i make a living
must be nice to have that problem . i still have to work
sounds like you could be in the TV show i once had a part in
i hope so . although my parents wish i was not an actor
that would be great . i can support the theatre
cheesecake is my favorite ! cheesecake for days
hello how are you today ?
good morning , mornings are for me , because mornings are mornings .
i am , are we in love ? i enjoy role playing .
sure let us get pizza together
pizza that i can eat in cars that i love . you ?
yep , pew pew , gg , not too fond of animals though .
who are your people then ?
your parents are people ? do they eat mornings ?
hey how are you doing
yes tell me about it . . . . i love those things
yes always . . . . what do you read
what do you do for a living
i am an accountant for the nike company .
ll you should invest in gummy worms stock
how do you feel about the current political climate ? it is distracting from work
working with law should make me feel empowered but only online activism helps . .
lately i have been reading to distract myself from work and politics , activism is exhausting
what do you read ? i prefer female authors more , somehow
read 50 shades of gray , that is a book by a woman i do not like !
as did i at first , i fell down a political rabbit hole researching it !
they are inevitably going to affect our lives in different ways , unlike my job
hey what up its by
no which one ? last night ?
sounds fun ! i have a bunch of hockey gear i bought and never used , lol
i am always buying stuff and forgetting how much i spent . until i check my bank statement . yikes !
ya . but not as unwelcomed as the time i almost had my beemer repossessed !
haha . but i got it back tho . its nice to take about on first dates !
wow ! that sounds amazing ! very flashy
what are you doing today ?
i love that band . what do you do for work ?
i would much rather do that than work at target like i do
i bet you miss him often
oh wow , i bet . what does he look like ?
he sounds handsome . much better than me with my red hair
oh well that makes one of us !
thank you . that is the sweetest thing anyone has said to me
hey you like water ? i do
nice , do you like the lake ? i do i go often
no not yet i like enjoying horror books
i just have animals 3
well why cannot you drive ? i work at the bank
my color is blue its my favorite
hi ! what is your name and where are you from ?
oh my gosh that is amazing ! congrats ! what will you do with it all ?
smart move ! i do not have 40m but i make ok money as a teacher !
haha you can go and travel the world ! where would you want to go ?
i was born in switzerland ! you should go it is beautiful !
yes not many are as fortunate . that is why i want to be a teacher !
do not live there anymore lol i live in america now and go to college !
haha you barely know me ! you are very spontaneous and romantic i see !
hello ! how are you doing today ?
hi anne ! my name is becky . i am doing great too . have any hobbies ?
i like to crochet , thank you for asking . i like to play with my cats too , haha .
oh that is sweet , i am 33 years old . i have a daughter that is 7 .
that is sad . i am sure you are very smart . are you ok ?
i used to but i am just so busy now . what about you ?
do you and cayden have any hobbies together ?
hey how are you , did you ever fly a plane ?
actually only short people can be fighter pilots
i am more of a tea guy . i get my tea from china .
asparagus is used a lot in italian cuisine .
oh , i do not eat steak i am a vegetarian .
what is on tv tonight ?
let us hope there is a good movie on then . you can also stream it .
i do not own a tv i only stream .
hey hey hey , wheres the beers , baby . . . .
i do not care baby lets have some brews for the gang . . . .
look what are you doing , i am just making an order this is not right
i am married to my farts . b
yeah i have not seen my feet in two years cuz i drink so much beer
home you smell that delicious fart i am in san francisco
not my fault you came on this site come to san francisco i will buy you a beer
hello ! what kind of music do you like ?
not far off ! i like classic rock . i am older though .
nice . i think i am one of the few at college that still listens .
that is a great book . i watch more basketball than read however .
coffee is expensive . i spend a lot of money on vegetables .
the fresher , the better ! sometimes frozen are good standbys though .
they are really cute ! do you have one ?
you should get one and bring it over to watch the basketball game !
good morning there . my name is ernie .
great . i have the day off . engineering is my job . environmental . you ?
oh nice . pretty chilly here in portland , maine .
no kids . no wife . quiet house .
that is good . good boy . hobbies ? photography is a passion .
nature mostly . i hike a lot and take a lot of pictures .
agree completely . what are your plan ? heading back to the bakery ?
same here . relaxing today on this friday the 13th . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for stand-up comedy.
hey there ! how are you today ?
not too bad over here . just listening to some music .
singing in the shower is awesome . i love singing california love in there .
i hear you . my roommate hates riding in the car with me . it is too fast .
rap music helps me get moving faster when i am late . you should try it .
i work for a limo service . i drive around my black car all day .
that is pretty cool ! i really like 2pac . you should play it in the restaurant .
how are you this morning ?
looking at my past gigs of playing guitar
who is your favorite band ? mine is the story so far
that is cool ! i have a miniature pinscher , but he never really cares for my guitar
nice ! i have newly began to work online , and i love it . love the lifestyle and freedom
i previously used to work in a factory with many people
we made boxes , so i did not really have any nails
i also used to travel a lot . i played guitar in my band
hi how are you doing ?
not the worst . super tired from chasing my 12 kids around all day though
you must be really smart
well i am from alabama living here with my husband and kids . do you work ?
wow , you are definitely smart . i am just a dumb blonde
nah i never got a job . the kids take up all my time . you have family ?
kids are a blessing . my youngest is 3 as well
it is crazy . somehow i am still overweight even though i run after them all day
hi , what is your favorite cupcake flavor ?
oh ? wanna talk about it ?
i hear that , i work at kroger . i deal with similar crap .
no ? what happened with the first relationship ?
oh that sounds quite messy
cheer up buttercup , take it one day at a time .
do you read ? i love reading at night before bed .
hello
i am good and you ?
that movie got good ratings ? better than saving private ryan ?
how was harry styles acting ?
no but i did like a few of their songs . . . guilty pleasure lol
shhhh do not tell no one , especially my friends lol
hi , i am kathie ! i do not like eating fast food
great family time ! enjoy with you family .
i am a fisherman . i like racing
i love playing guitar . i am very good in that .
wow that great . i love to know that .
i love grilling . i use george foreman grill . its really great
wow that is great . what is your shop name ?
will definitely check it . where are you from ?
what is up my man ? how are you dude ?
very cool , just jamming along to my favorite band .
the rolling stones ! i play along with my guitar . you like movies ?
lucky you ! i also work in a theater , been there for eight years now .
i like bladerunner . i am a fan of cyberpunk movies .
sounds good , forgive me i am so tired . tired all day .
always up late ! and i do not drink coffee . do you ?
do you like the album beggars banquet ?
hello ! where are you from ?
i love italy , so rich in history ! i am producing a play set in italy now actually !
i mean the setting for the play is in italy . i work for the theater nearby .
great idea ! are you also a history buff ?
my parents liked jazz . my father took the good albums from mom when they divorced .
mom . she is so sweet to all living creatures , especially animals . i love that .
the woman i am engaged to had a doll collection also ! do you have Japanese dolls ?
roll tide ! where you from ?
i will have to leave soon to pick up my ma from circle k , entertain me
i hole up at home because i saw a monster one time , you ?
entertain yourself with some got ! what music do you listen to ?
anything but songs about where i live ! haha
wait , what is a 4h ?
wow that is really great of you , how could i get into that ?
sounds like something that could get my ma out of the c store biz , thanks ! !
hi , what do you do ?
cool , i am writing a fiction about a ford car . do you have any hobbies ?
well i am a teacher so i spend most of my days working puzzles .
no , but on the subject of trucks i like country music .
pretty much anything that is classified as country . what other things do you like ?
oh really ? how many do you have ?
that is actually really impressive . as a teacher i do not have the income for that
hey how are you doing ?
i am doing quite well today
no my mom is allergic
maybe when i am 11 i can get a fish
i am only 10 years old
you are also 10 ? that is wild . i am a boy
i am arnold , what is your name ?
not really , just drinking juice
hi , i am from canada and you ?
i come there twice a year to run marathons . what do you do for a living ?
cool , that must be really nice
do you have a basketball court ? i love basketball
yes i have a new puppy , what about you ?
awesome ! ! ! a purple poodle . must be your favorite color
my favorite color is green
hello , whats your favorite foot ball team and why ?
neither do i but am a fun of prayer festivals and follow them a lot .
seriously , you need to think about god beyond that .
no religion has ever crossed your heart meaning touching you at heart ?
can we meet and talk because i want you to be my friend in christ .
yes , that puts me close to you but at least an address can be better .
please i want to meet you so that i deliver the message god has for you .
it needs quiet some good time together to perceive it well and its based on interaction .
hello , how are you ? where do you live ? i am in california .
i am fine . sorry to hear that you are upset , what is bothering you ?
how long was your coworker working there ?
did she show more effort than you did ? what kind of work ?
i am sorry . would you like to talk about another topic ?
i work at a nuclear power plant . what do you make at the factory ?
those are yummy ! i also like spaghetti !
that may be why i like it ! do you do anything for fun ?
hello , i love jesus very much .
have you seen any scary movies lately ? i love getting scared !
oh wow , college , books are my thing !
i am also learning about medicine . i love helping animals .
i am going to go pray to jesus now . this world is getting crazy .
whats your favorite book ? mine is by shakespeare !
gosh , i love animals so much , i am going to give them all big hugs !
hello , how are you doing ?
i have a super high iq , 250
totally random fact , but you know you can make houses out of matches ? i do .
i am sad though . my parents just died in a plane crash
i would love to . . give me the details
nice . . you got some cute friends
cool , i will be there soon . . cannot wait !
hi . what do you do for a living ? i work as an accountant .
cool . tell me more about you . i am a guy and i own two dogs .
ah . i like to eat potatoes .
ah . so much more fun than accounting .
who is a librarian ? do you own your own car ?
cool . i lease the car i drive .
toyota corolla . the best car around .
you are not very friendly , are you ?
hi , how are you doing ?
my name is jenn . do you like movies ?
i love comedy movies but i like to be active too .
i eat terrible too lol . i love hamburgers .
i have a hard time staying away from anything chocolate !
not much . working around the house . how about you ?
my parents had a honda . they were in a accident and passed away a few years ago .
hello , my name is janie . how are you ?
lol . yeah , same here in florida .
sounds nice . i m enjoying a day with my kids .
they re too young for games , but husband has an xbox .
they ate your xbox ? wow , didn t know they could do that .
lol , have a lot of pets do you ?
you should get a diffuser . i love shopping and see those everywhere .
yeah . i blog about life hacks and that would help the smell .
hello i am david , how are you ?
i help people get into shape during the week
have you ever played in las vegas ? that is where i am from
i do not drive . i like to stay in shape and walk everywhere
i have hiked all the way to mount charleston one time
yes it is close by , have you ever been there ?
do you go fishing there ?
i love it , i go fishing when i am not working .
good morning . . . yawn . . . just getting up for the day .
i just sleep a lot . i like it . have to go to work soon .
i work nights at mcdonalds .
sounds nice . you should stop by in the morning on your way out . breakfast .
are you flying somewhere ? that would be a good writing prompt .
sounds great . i am always looking for more writing ideas .
for fun . my latest work , my biography my hair is brown .
i unwind by sleeping .
hello friend how are you this evening ?
great . i was just reading a book and wanted to take a break
i bet you keep busy
wow ! that does sound very busy
ll great combo do not you think ?
the vegan lifestyle is for me feel much better
went hiking over the weekend . what were you up to ?
i am a real guys guy but everyone can be who they want to be .
want a hulu subscription ? you can spend your money and stream shows .
put me down for 5 pounds . i can make a mess of burritos .
burritos are perfect for camping or whatever you do outdoors .
that is sad but hey i can be like a brother . we can binge watch comedy shows .
sibling rivalry can be rough . we can go fishing , kayaking , surfing .
do you sometimes feel like things are unreal ?
hello how are you doing this afternoon
that is nice what do you do for living
i work as software developer
i am senior android developer
i have ten cats and i take care of them
yes i do own my home
cats do not require much attention
cats usually sleep most of the day
hi how is your day ?
sounds fun ! i am planning on going for sushi for dinner . i love it !
do you like animals ? this girl is an avid dog lover !
that is a bummer ! favorite color ?
blue is mine too ! i actually just bought a blue car !
nice ! which team is your favorite ?
very cool what sport do you play ?
hi i lost my arm sadly
i am the baby of the kids i lost it in a accident parents have 4 kids
really ? i am a farmer come shoot the wolves that eat my crops
no it is not its my life i still hike tho its a like of mine
i just recently graduated from school , college that is
i bet that is where all the big deals happen huh ?
lol no i am not i just want to sit an watch ha lol
you are nice to chat with i like that
hi
not too bad now that its late . i prefer it dark instead of the daytime .
no i am just not fond of the harsh daylight . hurts my eyes too much
i used to . progressive lenses help . what are you up to ?
i am working on a playlist . i can spend hours just thinking up the right mix of songs
i have more playlists than I can count . what breed are your dogs ?
grin . both yip yips and woof woofs . . . that is how my niece categorizes dogs by size
not my own , but my sister made up for it , she has got 5
i may only be 10 but i bbq some mean ribs
tomorrow i become hall monitor
i do marital arts when not studying
my bff loves tool her name is abby
only a red belt for now
she is proud of me she is in scouts
umm i do not think our parents would approve
your very strange i do not like this
i love animals so much i became a veterinarian
i got married in america but i am from spain
yes i do we have 5 beautiful children
i am also a vegetarian but i love hip hop !
i have 4 boys an 1 daughter an 3 dogs . whose your favorite rapper ?
it was nice to chat with someone like me ha
if i had to pick between the 2 it would biggie ! get money !
hello , i am getting ready for my vacation to paris today !
not really . i am agnostic , so i do not believe or disbelieve .
my only sister has the same feelings as you do .
i am going on a three week vacation . i am very excited .
evil is wrong . that is why i love labrador retrievers .
i work for a pharmaceutical company . help is available for you .
one must heal and take care of them self first .
there are a variety of medications available to ease your suffering .
i am fourteen and like to swim ? anyone want to go for a swim ?
if you are my age . my grandparents and mom would disapprove .
i have just 3 best friends . we hike in the woods around here often .
i like very much to learn about race cars when i have extra time .
sometimes . i prefer to read about the cars . what else do you do ?
one of my 3 good friends has an older brother who works at a state park .
design or work on race cars . train to be an olympic swimmer . how about you ?
hey how are you today ?
that sounds good ! i am currently working towards a loan , i will get what i want .
i am sorry . i was put in an orphanage because i am missing a limb
i have some . i care deeply for them .
i want to be noticed , i will act like a clown for attention .
i guess . i just have to have the acceptance , i guess .
thank you . it a been nice talking to you also
yea we can . it sucks sometimes but we can overcome anything .
hi ! jen here . medical receptionist and avid reader and you ?
great ! and you ? i love kathy . she the best dog i have ever had .
no . new york . i am shy because i have ocd .
you believe in dejavu ? what college did you attend ?
do you know pennywise ? i wish I could confidently socialize like everyone else. what's your ocd ?
do not sweat it . i will be in florida in november .
how should i handle shyness ? when were you diagnosed ?
oh , i was in college . did you say you knew or know pennywise ?
hey how are you today ?
i sure will i am old looking for a friend outside of my husband
no i am not i just retired
no i do not but i like to help
yes we both are we are in a nice little rural
true where we are we are just fine
you wanted an affair ? i love my man
yes i do lol are you married ?
what are you doing right now ?
pretty cool . i am a single girl but i have a ton of friends
that sounds really strange . what is it ?
no not very often . i typically go out to eat
heck yeah ! i blast her music in my bmw
no . i am typically too busy shopping for exercise
sometimes . i like to go out to the park with my friends
i walk around my fave mall all the time
hi , i see you are a fellow night owl
i am single and eat chinese food and watch my shows on my der at night .
nope , do not talk to my neighbors not many friends . except the robots i make. I wish I could have a robot to help me with my workouts.
ok , that is odd .
well nice to meet you .
do not we all .
hi how are you today
very cool where do you work
cool i do music do you
mostly rock and stuff . are you in a band
we are the able stables
the keys i have done piano since i was 5
i am from the us and you ?
sometimes you guys are so nice
hello ! how are you tonight ?
no , but i would like one to explore the outdoors with .
yes , i do not pick up many ladies working as a janitor .
i am just sipping on some whiskey right now .
people do not understand how intelligent i am because of my job .
i already told you no , do you ?
i apologize , it is the whiskey talking .
i drink a lot of whiskey . it helps dull the pain of my job .
hey how are you ? do you live in the usa ?
i live in brooklyn , new york . ever been to ny ?
yeah . . . . kinda dangerous . ever travel outside of the usa ?
some people are just so close minded . gonna go to visit my friend in japan soon .
what do you do for a living ?
cool ! i am looking for a permanent job . am walking dogs for money on the side
hey there , how goes it ?
wow , i am doing the same thing .
my little girl is asleep in bed
my father is a surgeon , i do not work right now while in school .
i have brown hair and eyes . what about you ?
that is pretty cool do you like movies with action ?
me too . yeah i have a small garden , but i restore classic cars .
hello , how are you doing today ?
great ! i run miles every day , so always feeling great !
i have been working at a candy store so i just eat a treat afterwards !
are you married ? i have been for years so we both work a little .
nice ! i do have love a good political conversation so sometimes we argue .
very much so ! playing football in college made him that way too .
no , actually we met at the candy store we both work at
maybe get a job at a candy store ? lol
hello , how are you today ?
very good . i am having a nice day . what did you do today ?
i went to school , and did some work when i got home .
my mother is a tutor . she teaches children to speak spanish .
i am more of an intellectual than a sports fan . whats your favorite band ?
prince was my fave musician when he was still around . love that guy .
true . so sad the he passed away . what are your plans for today ?
just going to do some more work . respond to job leads . etc
hi , where are you from ?
usa , i was on the local news , but not for something illegal
interview me , what state are you from ? i ve never been to the west coast
florida . my father used to be a taxi driver in the 70s .
same , i love pizza . do you like to travel ?
i had a dog , i only like to travel to canada , been there 2 times
you too have a nice day
yes , me too , i would like that
hi . my life is very pink
i wish i had a little sister
i have 929 pigs and goofballs
no no no no no no
i work on self-driving cars
what is ork ? i do not know
i think so . i like to think logical
oh no ! never ! i like gummy bears
how are you doing tonight ?
it depends on my mood
i am feeling a bit lazy getting sleepy
yes i am married as well
i wish i could travel more often, I wish I could travel to different countries on missionary trips.
yes i do . i am also trying to cut down on eating so much meat
i am trying to eat more veggies
i am really busy working and it is expensive
hi , how are you today ?
i tried cooking vegetarian , but my two boys just will not give up meat !
i would rather be on my horse than on a bike
oh that is wonderful ! i am so glad for people like you
i know about hard work . i am full time mom to two rowdy boys !
yea , my family is everything to me . i try to take them camping once a month
yea ! you should come ! it will be a blast we can jam out to justin timberlake songs
how are you doing this fine evening ?
great . just shining my knife i keep at me at all times
what kind of plants do you have ?
that is great . i love nature but one time i started a fire in a forest
anything at all . i am not picky
that is weird ! what do you do for work ?
i do character voices on the radio
it really is . i actually used to work on sesame street too
i am so hungry right now . food is life lol
not a fan of fast food , i grew up with my family restaurant food .
i have never given them much thought . what about you ?
i listen to whatever is on the radio at work . my coworkers usually pick .
i just work a regular 9 to 5 gig , but baking is my goal someday
same ! maybe when i retire i will finally open my bakery
do you have any big dreams like that ?
i hope you get there . how cool would that be ?
hey whats up
chilling and knitting . listening to my sis play guitar
i am knitting a blanket in honor or my fave book pride and prejudice
ll what do you mean . i am the tutor i do not need to take notes
well that is your fault . i am junna go barefoot in class tomorrow . join me for notes
yep ! join me lets start a movement . no shoes no problem will be our tagline
hi there , how are you ?
just bored and thought i would try to make a friend . do you like comedies ? i do .
what are you hungry for ? i am a partner in a law office . you ?
i understand that . i workout when that happens . it helps keep my muscles toned .
i have no hair and beard but i could be lazy too .
head is naturally bald , but i do trim my beard weekly .
nice . in my profession i have to look good and dress to impress .
hey there how are you ?
oh bummer i am sorry i am doing fine about to go to paris actually !
yeah paris is the best vacation spot even if you are trying to read in a caf .
super true but there are not many opera halls or things like that there !
how pleasant i do not cook because i am too tall to use anything in my kitchen
yeah it just is a pain because everything is made for average sized people .
its unfortunate but a lot of things like my bentley are adjustable so that is a plus
i guess its the simple pleasures in life like cooking and paris right
hi , how are you today ?
good , i am so excited to go shopping this weekend ! i am addicted lol .
i am not big on grocery shopping but i love shopping for shoes !
awesome ! i could not do that . i cannot live without my pizza and burritos !
secretary . kind of boring but it pays the bills . what do you do for fun ?
that is nice . sounds like fun .
what city do you live in ?
hey ! whats shaking ?
i was supposed to be in florida this weekend , but these hurricanes are scary
i took off from work already too for it . how was your day
nice , i never been . social gatherings make me really nervous
you are probably right , how long have you all been dating ?
yup , i am a pilot . what about you
i did not think i would be able to become one because i have mild OCD
hi , i am mary . guess how many cats i have .
far more than that . twenty three , actually .
please do , that would be fun . i take good care of them .
yes , but i can afford it . what are your dogs like ?
are they purebreds or mutts ?
i stick to vegan diet . some italian dishes are good .
it is hard to pick one . . . maybe michael jackson .
yes , definitely very talented . what else do you enjoy ?
hello my name is alex
i am just chilling with my cat leroy jenkins
what kind of dogs do you have?
haha what is his name?
i love that band too! !
i can understand that. i like to play retro video games
i love swimming too! i used to swim a lot
yes, professionally, but that was back in college. why so many?
good evening ! guess who i am .
i am fine , thanks . just wanted to start the conversation in a fun way .
well , i have been thinking about my life . . . i guess i can say i am fortunate .
i get to do what i enjoy . i have a good family . i am grateful .
what do you do ? do you like your job ?
wow , that is impressive . where did you go to school ?
i got my masters at university of michigan . do you have time for hobbies ?
hey hey good morning to you
i am well trying to get good grades
do you like animals ? i love them
i want to be a vet i love dogs
what kind of sports do you like ?
i love that too ! and soccer !
just keeping my grades good that is all really .
yes it is , so what do you do ?
hey there what are you doing ?
holidays coming i get to see my family !
no i am not yet i need to be lol you ?
my dad always has a story to tell , he is a teacher
i am the oldest , my little sis is in first grade
what you got baking today ?
you gotta come on down
good morning , i am up and making breakfast while listening to music
i like to go , go , go lol anything that keeps me on the move
wow sounds very nice i bet they are beautiful
yea well its like fixing a plane , it takes hard work to be great
only to my vinyl and trying to fix this beautiful world we live in
well maybe that will lead to something nice
maybe they will you have just got to give them a chance and be patient
hello ! ! ! how are you tonight ?
sorry , but that does not sound so great .
my love the color blue . . it matches my mood .
i am blue , because i was born male , then transitioned to female 3 years ago .
just lots of different emotions to deal with . i am only 20 .
the part of the usa that i live in is not very accepting . i am working through it .
but i do love a good pizza . that makes me happy .
hello how are you ? ?
good , just became a vegan
it is ok , what is your favorite color
you must save a ton on childcare
that sounds amazing , wish i had a woman like that
no , can not seem to keep a good woman
church girls are probably trouble
i garden , i love roses
what have you been up to today ?
i love animals . i have cats , dogs , rabbits , and birds
great . i can also film some of the wildlife i see every day
that is cool . i go to the shelter and visit animals during mine
i am obsessed . i watch them on youtube too
yes , tons . and all sorts of other things too
yes it is huge . i love visiting it
where would you like to travel to ?
hello , how is your day going so far ?
getting ready for work . no sundays off for me . i am an er nurse .
it is , but rewarding . what do you do for a living ?
that is really admirable that you are continuing your education .
i love reading too ! what is your favorite book ?
to kill a mockingbird . i like the themes .
i was just here before going out to enjoy some running .
as long as things are organized , i really enjoy running .
i do too , but being a mom who is home all day really helps .
then it sounds like you love cooking .
cooking is great ! i love it , baking is not fun though .
then i should go running with her , i really enjoy it .
hi how are you today ?
how did that go for you ?
that is good , i live there . i am doing ok .
near rancho cucamonga ? did you see the ships and fish aquariums ?
cool , i travel to disney land every year .
it really does not . well its good to have someone take care of that .
that is good , do you like to read ?
yes i enjoy reading true crime novels .
i hate watching sports but love to dead it
i really love my family but sometimes i drive fast to a pizza parlor
can you do it to me but i am big and gentle and i almost died .
why what breed is your dogs and why is it hot ?
you paint your dogs sometime ? but why ?
so you are a dog eater when did it start ?
that is good would like to try that someday .
i do not like it i am not like you i feel bad when i do that
hi how are you . i just came back from my bartending shift . what are you doing
i would rather not . do you have a belt in karate ?
oh i am sorry about that , why are you sad ?
i cannot fight anymore . nowadays i prefer reading quietly
sure , what kind of books do you like ?
i do not have any favorite books , i just read when i have nothing to do .
do you live with your father and any other members of your family ?
sounds like a nice family , what do you do for work ?
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . just got done eating some spaghetti .
i like music okay , but i love to read .
where do you live ? i am in california .
oh cool . i just bought a chevy camaro last week .
i am not that in to music .
it was nice chatting with you, maybe we can discuss vintage furniture next time.
hi , i am randell i have 4 bearded collies
that is awesome ! good luck . my kid read green eggs and ham and reciting the lines
awesome . do you like to swim ? because like to swim
no more like as an exercise thing
i am an electronics technician .
in some ways i can depending how extensive the damage is .
it pays the bills and puts food on the table .
that is awesome keep up with your passion . it will be satisfying in the end
do not mind me just admiring my huge rock collection ! hi
puppies are so needy , unlike rocks . that is why i only deal with inanimate objects
did you get a poodle ? no , let me guess . . . a chihuahua ?
so cute , you should name her . . . crystal my favorite rock !
bah , whatever . do you collect things , ever ? like perhaps little figurines ?
i loooooove collecting all sorts of things , including dragon ball z bobble heads
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i am good . just thinking about painting my room purple . how about you ?
awesome ! what you think about getting ?
nice . maybe i should get a small swimmer tattoo since i love swimming .
yes . i think you talked me into it . i have swam since i was three .
should be in nascar . better than a masters in education .
must be a fun lifestyle then . could teach me a thing or two .
typical female educator . get hit on a lot by teenage boys . its awkward .
hey how are you today ?
music is nice seen drake in concert last night
hope it gets better . just about to cook .
like to cook pasta . listen to music while i cook
fun good tips and spare time l am in a band
drake is better though some rap artist is still good
just like to beat on the drums to ease my mind
thank you and sure does relaxing is nice
hi . how are you this evening ?
i should probably be asleep but i took a nap this afternoon .
i am glad you are glad . have any pets ?
i have a cat . he is a being a jerk right now .
so what do you do for fun ?
yeah , i have a laser pointer and i tease him .
i have not been to the movie theater in a long time .
you too my good buddy .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
okay , i am trying to eat healthy , but it is so hard . pork is my weakness .
i do too , i would love to be a vegetarian .
meat is amazing , lol . bacon is my downfall .
it sure is . i do not like veggies at all
i have never had indian food .
i am an american and so are my parents .
i am in vegas with my husband at a police softball tourney .
hello ! how are you today ?
wonderful . just spending some time in the kitchen with the kiddo today .
oh looking for anything good ? i just bought some gourmet sauce pans last week , haha .
nice , nice . have any hobbies ? job ?
we are considering visiting paris but i hear they are obsessed with cheese . yuck .
i sometimes help a family friend in her restaurant , but i prefer cooking at home .
hi how are you today ?
oh i am sorry . where do you live ?
i live in chicago . i am a bar owner . are you married ?
are you married ? i have been married a few times . 5 to be exact .
tell me 2 interesting things about you .
i am a pipe smoker and in 3rd grade was the winner of my spelling bee .
not in 3rd grade ! your funny . what is your favorite food ?
i eat a lot of vegetables and protein . my favorite food is eggplant .
hi how are you today
i am doing well . thanks just got off work
a factory making reptile tanks
do you have any downtime ? i like seeing the ufc fights
their bass player is the best !
i like the cooler weather so i can drive with my sunroof open
my brother does too . do you like to travel
that is understandable i go to many different places i love different zoos
hello ! how are you today ?
i have lots of kids , so that is kind of hard to do !
i would love to be able to draw the pyramids ! they are so pretty !
ahahah how ironic . i mainly draw my kids and husband
same . i am convinced they are out there somewhere
that is exciting ! i love gadgets , so i am always tinkering
how are you doing today ?
very cool ? brand new or used ?
very nice ! i am currently a college student . hope to be a teacher soon
yes , lots of reading . although it is mostly for school and not pleasure
i would just hang out outside if i lived there
do you ever travel for fun ?
i understand . i love travelling , i am not originally from america so i like going home
hi , hows your day going ?
great , planning my next trip .
italy . its my second time . what do you like to do ?
i wish i could take my cats with me though .
ll me too . i am the only child so i had to get cats .
that is awesome , i would love that .
hello there how are you this evening ?
that is always a blessing , was it a long day ?
that is hard work , do you travel ? i want to go to the UK
oh that will be an adventure . do you have hobbies ?
writing poetry and skateboarding when I have time . i am also in a band
punk . i am the singer . our band color is black that is my fav .
i sure do . i think they are pretty good .
lol funny how the time flies would you not say ?
hi how are you doing ?
me too . . . i usually eat vegetables , except nasty sweet potatoes
fishing is fun . do you have any pets ?
cool , so you love music then ?
fun . i like racing too . mostly running though
i like both , but i do marathons so its more jogging
relaxing is definitely very nice
hello . how was your day today ?
rick and morty ? never heard of that one . what type of movie is it ?
its always something new with everyone . way too much to type about
i have been watching animal planet since I got in from work . is this your first year ?
i doubt it ! i love watching the animals and learning their ways
do they actually bob their heads to the music ?
yes one shih tzu named bently
pickle . . . . . hahahahahaha . are you serious ?
hello , about myself , my 2 kids are girls one is 2 and the other is 6
i am sorry to hear about the divorce , where are you from ?
okay nice ! i am from sterling heights in michigan . where do you work ?
insurance is something we will always need , mine is aldi its parttime
that is very true ! i enjoy it ! what movies do you like to watch ?
i like the titanic its my favorite ! i will never let go its a movie line , oxymoron
yeah its sad , because right after she said it she let his cold hand go
hey how is it going , what you do for fun
that is great , do not hear that often , i read scifi stuff , love it !
what kind of job do you have ?
what industry are you and your family into
that is awesome speaking of food i eat a tuna salad everyday
i eat alot of gummy worms , alot of them , i need work more
i would love to try that
hi there how are you doing
i am doing fishing and catching fish
i play guitar not that great yet
do you like sandwich and what music you want
do you know jimi hendrix ?
wow , that s so cool , i want that
what music is your favorite ?
i really love jimi hendrix
what are you up to this fine day ?
what kind of reports are you working on ?
ah , okay . as long as you do not report me for riding my scooter
cool ! so what do you look like ?
you sound nice looking . i am a ginger !
it is not all it is cracked up to be !
heights are scary . the only think i do not like is music
ew . i just do not like it . music is annoying
hi ! how are you ? i just got back from india , where i go often
do you like cold weather ?
do you have a big family ? what do you do ?
athlete , but what i really want to be is an explorer ! do you like your job ?
wonderful ! whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
do you travel a lot ? that would be great !
hello how are you today
playing a game in my iphone 7
i love my iphone 7 its the best
yes it does . although i should of gotten the iphone 7 plus
that is true , i hate seafood , i am allergic
yes , i sure would like a hot chocolate right now with this cold
my dad does the same for 11 hours a day
how are you doing today ?
are you watching cartoons ? i like horses .
do you like to eat meat ?
are you from the planet uranus ? i am from planet earth
i love redheads ! i like to put on some boots and eat ham
do they have hair on them ? the eggs . .
sure sprinkle some of that goodness on them
hello ! how nice to meet you .
i am originally from germany , although i grew up in florida .
it is a little scary because it is unpredictable . plus , flooding scares me ! where are you located
i visited there once , i bought my car there . do you work in boston too ?
oh neat ! i have a friend out there who brags about the amazing steak houses
what do you enjoy doing for fun
i enjoy driving too ! it runs in my family
hi ! how are you ? ghosts are cool , are not they ?
great ! are you good ? professional cook ? do you like cooking for bigger crowds ?
great ! i asked , because i plan weddings and maybe i could have used you .
nice ! so many languages ? where are you from ? what do you do ?
me too , us . what music do you like ?
but what do you want ? when i was little , i saw myself as an architect .
i am into music from the 80s
my advise it to pursue your passions ! good luck !
hi how are you today ?
i am good why do you use caps lock ?
oh that is okay life is mistakes
because i owe way too much in credit cards
yeah maybe i will keep spending instead
i appreciate that thank you
that is nice what is your favorite color ?
mine is also purple , like prince
hii how are you doing tonight ?
I am doing good ! i work in a pizza shop
yes are you like eating food ?
what is your favourite dish ?
yes i like music daily 1 are 2 hours i listen are you ?
oh ! ok i too i do not have one . what is your hobbies ?
i like to play football are you like football ?
hello ! do you live in the city or the country ?
that is in the city ? my friend lives in an urban area . i like to visit .
you cannot buy them at my store , unfortunately . it is only for groceries .
awesome ! my hobby is gardening .
which team is that ? a school team ? my mother works at a school .
i always forget the name of it . she is a social worker .
oh , wow ! that is awesome !
most definitely . it takes a special kind of person to do that job .
good afternoon , how are you doing ?
i feel the same way . do you have pets ? i have cats and dogs .
that is a good name . do you like television ? i enjoy anime .
what do you do for fun ?
i like video games too . what is your favorite video game ?
do you play on Xbox or PS4 ?
me too . i cannot wait for the next wrestling video game to come out .
hi there , how are you ?
fun ! i have a pretty big pool . wish i got to use it more
i live by the ocean in a huge mansion !
how old are you now ? you in college ?
cool . i went to school in maryland . you like bask
i meant to say basketball ! haha
you heard of the washington wizards ? i play professionally for them
dude , the description is actually me , how do they knowwwwww .
where are you from ? i am from mi
are you really a robot
why , in the night sky , are the lights hung ? can we please talk like real people ? ?
what color is your hair ?
ew that is so gross . pumpkins are nasty .
hows it going person
do you like watching action adventure movies because i sure do
and i like popcorn with goobers and soda pop , it makes me feel manly
i am 38 and yes i do live with my mom ? i am starting an internship next week
no my dad left us when i was five , my mother raised me since then
why do you say , oh ? ha , just messing with you , i love two things in life, if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to go horseback riding whenever I can.
my mom and riding roller coaster man , they are the bees knees
hello , i am fluent in four different languages , pick one
i am the best bilingual plumber you will meet , except german
i can do impressions of celebrities as well
i won award as a 4h honorary member
only my son , when i volunteer in his boy scout super troop
mine too , i am having an affair with the troop leader
he just does not know yet , he invisible
south texas , near the alamo
what are you doing right now ?
oh really ? that is a great way to exercise
i love the indoors though . my job is a librarian
that is so great . you are a good parent .
it is located in pittsburgh . it is gigantic
i am at the front desk typically
it really is . i love doing that , and volunteering with animals in my free time
yes that is it ! they are so wonderful
hello , friend ! tell me about yourself .
cool ! i have never seen one of those , but the advertisements were everywhere
me too ! especially hiking vacations . last spring i fell in love with the appalachian trail
chase your dream ! my marketing job is not doing much for me either
climb every mountain . . . for me , the mountains are the dream haha
yes ! i love music too mostly folk music . you ?
that sounds like a good vibe
hey , i am jill . whats up ?
just got back from surfing . its a beautiful day here today . is it where you are ?
oh no , that is terrible ! hopefully things are better than just the weather there
well , besides surfing i like reading on the beach . i love the beach ! almost always there
do you run often ? i am a health nut , always exercising and eating healthy
cool ! oh man , i am a vegetarian , veggies are all i know ! lol
hey man whats up ? i am gerald
kinda sucks . had to work a double shift at mcdonald today
bout 4 years . shoulda gone to college instead of playing basketball all day
made all state senior year . you play any sports nigga ?
well , what are you into then ?
dank bro . i got a rock band myself
my own , lol . we are called the renegade angels
hi , how are you ? what types of things do you like to do ?
i am good too . do you like to get together with friends ?
umm , i guess it would be blue , the color of my bmw
yep , i can take you out sometime if you want !
not really , but i would be willing to try anything my friends like !
i do not know , i have never played it .
okay , that would be great ! is it a date ?
that sounds great ! especially since it will be free .
hello , whats going on today ?
pretty good ! i went hiking to get my mind off my gambling problem . love the outdoors !
cats are great . what is your cat's name ?
yes , i have two cats . sam and olivia .
are you really into cats ?
ll , what do you do for a living ?
i teach high school spanish .
good morning , how are you ?
same , lol . the indians kept me up last night at least they won .
me too , lol . i hated baseball until i met my husband . now even our kids love it .
mine was any and all forms of racing .
twenty years . we married young .
i prefer it this way , it gives us more time together .
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
yea , i know a lot of people are too .
lol what ? how do you know ?
okay , i have not watched it . i need to smoke .
i am looking to hit my pipe soon and then eat some delirous eggplant
ca not believe i missed spelled delicious . i won a spelling be back when i was younger . ll
thanks , sounds yummy persian meal . what else goes with eggplant ?
hi ! how are you today ?
cool ! what kind of music do you like to listen to ? i like linkin park .
cool . so what do you do for a living ? i have not done anything recently .
neat . you seem quiet . i am quiet , too .
i have autism , i am not sure if i can do that .
i guess i would have to . we can listen to music while you do that .
i like linkin park . they are a great band .
hi , wanna chat with someone that lives in kansas ?
not me , i would like to live some place that is much warmer , maybe arizona .
my farm went thru foreclosure last month , so i am in search of new work now .
i am hoping i will qualify for something , not much work for an ole farmer .
ll , yeah , age gets to all of us .
73 last thursday
cheers ! how is life where you are ?
it certainly seems that way . i spend many hours in books .
you should learn french . it is the most romantic .
when i am bored , i draw . the ladies love an artist . are you male or female ?
come to france ! no better way to learn new cultures than travel .
the best food is french ! though , i love tacos as well . vegan of course . do you eat ?
a passionate foodie ! you would make a good frenchman . where do you call home ?
hi how are you doing ?
what kind of doctor will you be ?
do you like to work with kids ?
i do not have any kids but i hope one day
yes i gotta find love first
it seems i always meet the weirs ones
i cant seem to click
what city are you from ?
hi how are you today ?
doing well its chilly here
do you have any siblings ?
i am an only sibling do you like it ?
very true . what color are your eyes ?
i do not but would like some . you ?
hello , tell me about yourself .
a good burrito is hard to beat ! i like fish and chips myself .
if the telly is on its football all the way !
my brothers and i cheer on manchester together ! 2 older and 1 younger and you ?
my dad and i are not that close either , he
dad is all business , all the time , helps me with my stock portfolio though .
if you could live anywhere in the world where would you go ?
hi there ! how are you ! i am sad because i used to own six cats
i did not see them run away because 200 feet is how far i can see
i depend on my spouse who was a high school friend
yes ! since i do not know how to write , i cannot do much
yes , although i do know how to dial 911 . i had a terrible headache one day
no , just sit here and be sad that i had six cats and now i do not
my high school friend that i married helps with boy scouts
i bet . i wish i had a good teacher like that
i will be on the next espn showing of nascar tonight !
hey , i could use one actually . i go fishing sometimes too .
i run track and field when i find time . being an athlete and all
you have a doggie ? my 4 daughters would love to play with him !
wut ? my daughters ? that is kinky but i do not approve . lol
if i had to name my kids after food , i would pick different kinds of fish !
hi , interested in joining my bible study group ?
yeah , i do not see why not .
i am an older guy and i will be there with my wife .
wow , those sound good . i cannot wait to see you .
bring your favorite book . i am sure like me , it is the bible !
a sense of humor and a smile .
hey there how are you ? like to workout ?
i run a lot , my wife cut out of me . it is cool .
i cannot wait for dinner in new york , best steaks ever .
really ? you make the clothes ?
yes thank goodness i can save more money now .
really ? is it hard to do ?
i bet , i am glad i always had a little something saved away from her !
what are you making right now ?
i am so stressed out today !
how ? my boyfriend lost his job yesterday !
i have got no one to watch my daughter . she is only 7 .
ca not afford it . my rent is due next week .
i am fat . i have gained so much ! 25 years old and overweight . sucks .
i do not need god , i need willpower !
i am so proud . i reached 50k subscribers on my youtube channel .
i share beauty tips about makeup with tutorials on my channel .
something similar happened to me . then i took beauty classes .
if i can learn about makeup for me and others , anyone can do anything .
what do you do for downtime , besides watching bloggers ?
my brand new channel on youtube is a full time job and a part time one .
mostly about makeup . pros and cons of products . time savers , what to maybe do or not .
what do you like to do besides baking ?
hello how are you today
that is cool . i want to get into publishing
i love to write in my free time
we could get together i write and you add the pictures lol
i love museums they are so fun for me
wow that is so cool i would go there all the time
hello
good and you ?
i love to sleep
no but i play guitar
i am in a rock band . you ?
any kids ?
i am married with two kids
whew ! just got back from an awesome bike ride . whats up ?
that is awesome . i started riding a lot around my 30th birthday . old girl , new tricks !
i am . . . if you are not counting my 3 dogs and 2 cats ! ha !
very cool . i am all about animals . i am a veterinarian by trade !
what are your other hobbies ?
oh yes ! i want to try yoga with my pets soon . i have heard it is relaxing !
mainly cycling and spending time with my cats and dogs .
i will take you up on that .
good evening , how are you ?
i love coupon cutting . i detest school .
i love to . its hard leaving the house tho , i live by the lake .
i am good at the moment . in the summer i walk and read the paper for coupons .
that would be really cool .
well , i fell in love over the spring and summer . we met at comecon .
one of the girls from the tv show dark matter .
sadly no . they are a big profit setup .
how has your night been so far ?
that is not good , did they eat something they should not have ?
hopefully they feel better soon . so any plans for tomorrow ?
i will be baking with my sisters all day , we work in a bakery
yes , it is fun and luckily our mom is a dentist so no cavities
i would love it , how often do you run ?
i love running and tennis , i am in canada though so the snowy months suck
too funny , and yes there is , what will you be cooking tomorrow ?
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing great , relaxing eating cheesecake
all the money i got i could buy them all but not my cup of tea
the bud was my best friend in college
ll anything else you like ?
yeah l like r b music
cool , my wifes into rap
10 years to miss usa
my life is a lie ,
hatred is only what my wife has for me
she called me lazy , and even poor
i paint trees , like nature . painter is my occupation
you know , i won the lottery but no one knows that was 6 years ago
you have a better living and sweet people around you
what games are you looking of buying soon ?
hello how are you today
i am doing pretty good just waiting out this storm
yes it is . but it has not come to central florida yet
that would be pretty cool . i am just worried about my garden
i may lose my garden and some working hours at the grocery store
oh no its fine i will be right back at it once the storm is over
lucky you lol . i bet its beautiful there
hi how are you today ?
pretty good do you have pets ?
oh well do you have pets ?
its alright . i need new clients
i watch pets for people haha that is why i asked
i appreciate it . is your mom alive ?
i am glad . what does your dad do ?
greetings humanoid carbon life form !
my age is 46 , next year i will be 47
i prefer the singing troup the backstreet boys
i dislike controlling my automobile
i require to ingest 4 tablets a day to survive
i love the flavour of fermented solidified dairy products
my age is below 46
hi there . lets make this fast and get to know each other .
nice ! this should be a lot of fun then !
how can you function with that little sleep each night ?
bummer . i will be your friend , friend .
oh my goodness me too . my birthstone is a coffee bean .
haha that is when i need it most .
yes ! be yourself . nothing more , and nothing less .
do it . add some mushrooms . and have a damn beer .
hey , do you want to grab some steak ?
sure , i will pick you up in my chevy tahoe
u serve some nice coffee and play rock music there ?
that is fine too . . . i will tell you stories about my grandpa who was in wwii
how about a story about me almost drowning because I can't swim
so we are set for an evening out ?
great , then pick me up in your red prius at 8
hi . how are you doing this evening ?
i am well . just hanging out . watching a comedy special on netflix . you ?
what kind of car ? i am actually sell my civic .
you work at mcdonalds too ! what if we work at the same store !
i am 27 . i just got hired .
not a bad idea . maybe i would still be in college if I took a break .
right . you are absolutely right . check out praxis .
that is not a bad plan . i went to school for anthropology .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
wow that sounds very spooky
mine i am yours by jason
it will not let me say his last name mraz
i do not work do you
nice give me a job
do you like music ? i have 9 guitars .
that is so cool ! i am trying to play in a local area band here .
i have always loved music . learned piano at only 6 .
i have always wanted to learn karate but never did .
nice . oh and i am also vegan no meat for me .
i have never been a big coffee drinker iced or otherwise .
for me it is diet coke , ice water , or lemonade .
it has to be really sweet for me to like iced tea .
hi . how are you doing ?
i am alright . i was just reading .
who do you usually talk to
do you ever win a lot
i do not . i am very quiet .
i like to read sometimes
so you must spend a lot of time outside
hi . how are you today ?
i love going on walks ! i hike every weekend . 3 dogs , wow !
why ? i have 3 brothers , so they made me an active competitor .
that is fun . i work odd jobs so i have plenty of time for bike rides .
do you sing too ? i am into moon cycles .
i would love to hear you play
if you ever play under a blood moon , i will be there .
hi how are you doing tonight ?
that is awesome ! i do volunteer work .
it is when people act grateful .
yes you do but i still enjoy it a lot .
that is cool my daughter plays soccer .
that is cool i make my own clothing sometimes .
i can but i have not in a while .
that is cool it is a good brand .
good evening , how are you ?
relaxing now that the power is back on .
i know ! just last month my daughter had her first child and i am only 44 ! scary month .
i hear ya ! last year i could not decide between chilli or a cheery hot dog , now this !
person well , i have to drive a hour to work and back every day , could talk then .
sounds like a good plan to me as well !
hello . how are you today ?
that is wonderful ! where did you go ?
for a living , i work on semi trucks .
oh . cool . my motor is always running . my father drove trucks himself .
no . when i married my sweetheart , that is when i got off the road .
i am sorry . financial struggles too . i want to take her on vacations .
i know right . it is a shame .
yes . very warm . i love it .
hello
good and you ?
i am a housewife
yes two kids , they are kinda like pandas
i watch movies more than i read
omg did it hurt ?
hi . my couch is lumpy . been sitting here all day . i am unemployed . how about you ?
must be nice . broke myself , so i limit my food intake . sigh .
that is so sad . i am sorry . why does life have to stink ?
mostly i just play with my puppy . he is a golden retriever .
you too . maybe you will get to move to Aussie land .
maybe by then i will have a job . who am I kidding ?
thanks . i guess i whine too much . sorry .
hey . how is your night going ?
its going great . just did some couponing and donated to charity tonight .
what a great man . i love saving money and like to shop through out the week .
wow ! that is old . i have stockpiled items organized from almost 24 years ago .
oh , what kind of car are you saving for ?
yes . i do enjoy movies .
yes i have . that is a great movie .
hello ! i am a blue person who is unusually tall . you ?
cool ! what do you like to do ?
i love swimming and reading books , do you watch tv . ?
the voice is one of my favorites ! you ?
what do you like to do at the beach ?
have you ever surfed or boogie boarding ?
i have never tried to surf but i love to boogie board .
hey how are you ? how old are you ? i just turned 32 this month
wow ! that is amazing ! guess you do not live at home with parents like me ?
it is embarrassing i am still there and all i do is play video games, all day !
wow ! what ? ! that is so cool ! what is your favorite food ? i get take out every day
i have 2 pitt bulls ! luna and micco
one is fawn-colored , the other is white
one of each ! the female is the fawn male is white
no , they are rescues , so already been fixed .
hi how are you doing ?
oh yeah that is making me hungry
what city are you from ?
i am in cali . but used to live in tx
yes i have two myself
i like pop , even though it sounds like an animal dying when i sing
its bad . i love to cook
hi , how are you doing ?
very good . i like learning about strangers .
i do not work , but when i get some money i am moving to the beach, I wish I could live near the beach to play golf every day.
i do not golf , but i have been mini golfing . i like the monkey themed ones
that is so awesome . i would love to travel where there are monkeys !
its not bad , i am more into dance music
that is cool . i like pictures at an exhibition by modest mussorgsky .
hello . how are you ? it is good today ?
there are no other things more interesting than tv ?
it is an excellent idea . i would like to have a family too
yes i come from a large family but we do not live near
how many children do you have ?
wow ! its great , i would like to have a lot more than you
when there are children in a house the family is much more joyful
yes its true , it puts a little order in your life
hello hello hello . whats up ? ? ? ?
packing . u graduated high school and i am going to u of michigan in the fall
what car ? lets play like dislike . i hate spaghetti but i love tacos
love summer . hate fall . love camaro . hate kia
how old are you ? i am so over this packing . just want to have some fun
yeah , just turned 18 in august . i am a leo . 30 sounds perf . not too young or old
hit one out of the park for me ! ll
hello , how are you today ?
do you go to school ? what grade ?
i am , and have a long way to go . i am going to be an astronaut
good luck , i have never tried it . i am always reading about space
dark blue for me , how about you ?
i live in California near the beach , how about you
do you surf or anything
tell me something you do every day .
i teach children , drink coffee , and do yoga every day .
i do for animal shelters . my father in law volunteers with the scouts .
i like dogs . i have a dozen of them . they pull my sled .
i live in alaska . i do not have a car .
it is different . my twin sister lives near the equator so we are opposites .
no i do not . it is mainly just me here . how about you ?
do you like candy ? i really like chocolate .
hey ! how are you doing ?
i am just waiting for some cookies to finish baking
i do . i am really talented at baking
are you very good at it ? i love listening to piano music
cool . what do you do for a living ?
i work as a nurse . and yes , i am betrothed to my hs sweetheart
that is too funny . i actually grew up as an army brat
that is heartbreaking . i am sorry
hi ! how are you doing today ?
my fiance has a dog . we just got engaged after three years of dating
what are you studying ? i want to be a baseball announcer one day
one job would be better then my three
oh i will eat anything as long as i can watch south park on tv
sushi is concerning to me . do you ever go to any concerts ?
ahh i just went to see avenged sevenfold
enjoy your walk ! it is a lovely day outside
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing well , just finished writing .
i was writing about me being obsessing over pens
of course ! i am also thinking about becoming an artist and drawing everything with a pen
but that is what they are for haha
i love food . and you ?
you should buy some veggies
good for you ! i love carbs
lol i know bye haha ; p
good evening , how are you
i need to exercise more , but training horses does enough right now
that is probably tough on a short budget
i feel like i do not have a place in society
maybe i will look into that
tackle , flag or just toss around ?
well that sure does not count
patron is way too expensive of a tequila
you see destiny 2 ?
i have been copying the art from it , the designs are sooo good
i really like the knight skin , iron man all the way !
that would so cool if iron maiden also played the game
what . i have room on my fathers credit allowance you want to play it ?
yea yea yea , just help me with making a game and i can hook you up ! cool ?
hello how are you doing today ?
just fine , do you have any interests ?
oh that is great , i have loved fashion since i was young
i do not have pets , i just have the desire to become a fashion designer
thank i am inspired by alexander mcqueen and the great coco chanel
that is good i moved to new york just to study in a prestigious designing school
hi there , are you in nyc like I am ?
dog walking , it is my new gig .
i have a best friend
i keep pet rats I found at Taco Bell , that is what it is like
what is your favorite color ?
blue , I have never left the US
I want to visit my friend in Japan
online I like all those dating apps
karma is real , do you agree ?
i do not believe in dating and have never been
i never say no when it comes to dogs in shelters , i have to have them all
do you like to read ? i do
my age is not important , only my beliefs
yes the bad guy does always seem to get killed
hi my name is bertha , how are you
i am good , abigail , my best friend , made me some nachos
oh how cool , can you make harry potter clothes ?
goblet of fire is my favorite one , how about you ?
i do too , i am only ten . so i like contests
i do martial arts , i have a contest coming up soon
haha thanks , i am more nervous to start my safety patrol tomorrow
yo man , do you enjoy music as much as i do ?
awesome ! i shred on the guitar and listen to music basically whenever i can .
that is how i feel about most rap . do you skate ?
oh wow , that is impressive !
i love them ! i have a pet lizard named bobo .
i would love that so much .
i can forgive it this time .
i ride my bike a lot when skateboarding is too much .
hi i am jane do you like ribs
cool i just painted my swingset purple
the seats are blue ! ! just want the bars to be purple
i just finished my masters in teaching
i gonna teach elementary not many are female here
cool do u like kid rock
i got paint on my pants ha ha
pandora mixes it up so i just paint n let it go
hi , i am divan . i like all kinds of music .
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you like movies as well ?
oh ok . i like watching funny movies . i like to laugh a lot
i do not play water sports much . i, however, like tennis
my dad's a veteran i try to get him to play to stay in shape
what do you do for fun ? other than water sports ?
i love to read . i am no good at crocheting .
my mom is from greece my dad is from india . where are your parents from ?
what do you write about ?
sorry to hear that . where do you live ?
that is cool . if its hot i usually go swimming
yes we definitely are . family reunions get togethers are always crazy
i only like it when the weather is hot
my favorite color is green . what is yours ?
hi , how is your day going today ?
your cat or your car ? i would feel bad for both !
oh well not good . lol i do not drive while in college , just use public transit .
that is really ambitious ! and i thought being a biology student was .
my only hobby is reading , 1984 is my absolute favorite .
i would love to have the vinyl for that . all i have is old punk records .
me too , the clash and the romanes , and newer stuff like american psychos .
absolutely ! i love bands who do not hold back in anything .
hey i am big bertha , how are you ?
oh cool , where do you fish ?
i moved to florida recently , lots of fish here
i only moved here for the small surf waves . so i am might move away
yeah , its all cloudy like in twilight . my favorite series ever by the way
i would let him suck my big bertha blood
hi how are you today ?
oh yes , i feel very bad for those affected
i really like to listen to music
my favorite band is the rolling stones
not really . with 3 kids , i do not have much time to watch
what kinds of food do you enjoy ?
i love soda . i have one with me all the time
hi how are you today ?
i am pretty good . where do you work ?
i am a manager at a restaurant i work so much
nice you should come work for me
life your live . down with the patriarchy
i like to cut loose and lose control
the notebook and stuff and etc
howdy what is a better name for crypto currency than bitcoin
hmm true good point . . . whats new ?
always a good feeling to be done and start fresh
neither i am about to travel so pets are out for now
horse please ! but i am about to travel to iceland and faroe islands
do you have a dog currently ? i use to have a black lab
are those the wrinkly dogs ? my lab would eat pizza a the table with me
oh i see . good luck with that ! i am going dancing tonite at la casa mike
hey i am a week away from my wedding
it is going to be low key in a park
it is going to be fabulous . are you married
that is sweet . we are going to niagra falls for the honeymoon
it is a little cliche , but i am excited
that is great advice i think i will make our dog the ring bearer
good advice ! i will do that
too busy planning , what have you seen ?
what took you so long to get here ? i am a pilot you know
that means i fly planes . anywhere you need to go ?
do you like the army ? i am in it
my favorite musical group is Tool ? you know their tunes ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend to help you ?
i am sorry to hear that . good luck ! you are great to your kids i bet
and they will realize one day how good you are to them . keep it up !
yes , definitely . i know i did when i grew up
hello , how are you tonight ?
what is it with americans and hunting ? i am french , we do not hunt .
i just moved here last year . i recently had my first taco , i am in love .
france . i am studying here now , literature .
what else do you do ?
what do you hunt ? do women hunt ?
i am experimenting with pineapple blends right now .
do you have a favorite artist ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am an accounting for a small business
its alright i guess , kinda boring
i love reading horror books
have you seen the conjuring ?
i am a big fan of elvis , i once saw him in ny recently
when i did saw elvis , i got a blue car
i also start to wear blue shoes , the suede ones
that is nice i also have one kid , he likes elvis too , we both like blue color
i hate dragons it is an evil creature . elvis rules !
elvis may appear in your city this week
please do not make me angry , you will not like me if you do
do not be like mr . mcgee , be like elvis
hey how are you
sweet
is that what you like to do
i am great , looking at amazon love to shop haha
that pretty cool , maybe i will buy one of your games
really what kind of games do you design
i am worried my kids wo not love to volunteer at the animal shelter like me .
i had a couple of cats as a kid , thought they might be like me
yeah , they seemed totally uninterested . i am not as good a teacher as my parents i guess .
my parents taught , so maybe that is why they were more effective at this parenting thing ?
my two kids are the best , really . its just a struggle .
yeah , i bet . i guess i just have to keep trying . you do not have kids though ?
how are you doing tonight ? just got home from the arcade myself .
cool . what are you studying to be ?
cool . my teachers in school were always trying to get me to talk .
oh , what is your first language ?
i would like to go to sweden . what is it like there ?
do you ever miss being there ?
that is awesome . what kind of music do they play ?
hi how are you tonight ?
hi how are you tonight ?
i have not they should cool though
i really want to live on mars
do you have kids of your own ?
i do not have a dog but do karate, but if I could go back in time, I would consider adopting a pup like Tiki.
hi there , how are you ?
trying to write my book about escaping slavery after 10 years and became a carpenter
wow ! good luck with that . you married ?
i am much older than you then . been married 10 years now !
well , it is good . especially after being a slave . we got married in my favorite color ! red
i cant say i have ever played that . good strange is fine with me
what else do you enjoy ?
well , i am hoping my book makes me rich
hi , care to chat with a chef that likes to bake pies mostly .
that is great what are your hobbies ? i like gardening
that can be like a hobby . i also love to travel .
i am 53 but i have a birthday coming up
i have traveled to mexico and holland . apple pie
thank you . i like those too
i would very much , thank you
hello , do you like to draw ?
i enjoy drawing other people .
only if they have a sense of humor
i like hard boiled eggs , maybe you could make a joke about eggs .
rock and roll . do you like tea ? i drink a lot of tea .
i like scotch with my tea haha .
goes well with hard boiled eggs , you have to try it lol .
hello ! what is your favorite type of food ?
oh delicious ! mexican food is my favorite , but i cannot stand seafood .
my mother taught piano , so i must confess that classical is my preference .
cool ! i think i will try listening to techno soon , it sounds fun !
hunting is a hobby of mine , makes sense as i am from the south . you ?
cool ! i have never tried using a drone , that sounds fun !
i do , i love anime ! have you seen yuri ! ! on ice ! ?
if you like anime , i think you will like it . do you have a favorite color ?
hi how are you doing ?
oh sorry to hear that , you alright ?
oh wow did you guys meet at work ?
oh that is cool , i enjoy walking my dog and kids .
nice , we did a field trip recently in the hills . i am a teacher .
they are peaceful and pretty . nice getaway . do you have any pets ?
what type of doctor are you ?
wow impressive , your wife is a nurse on the same floor ?
hi how was your day ? i just got off work with my brothers .
we work at a factory . family is everything to me .
wow ! yes , i have 2 brothers and 2 sisters .
i do have have 3 nephews and 1 niece . i work a lot though .
cars actually , i work for gm . i just bought a lexus though lol
i live in ohio , near lordstown , and you ?
my girlfriend loves me inspite of me being overweight lol
we can't share clothes anymore but hey
darn she was not a rider, I am sorry to hear
I decorate cakes lol I do not have the time my doctor said I am healthy
why? It could be worse. Like animals?
yes, they do, yummy! I enjoy cats though
like cakes? I will make you one and decorate it for your smile
hey whats up its chad lol
congrats goalie ! i love playing hockey . . . for beer !
cleats are your fave ? like your favorite thing ever ? lol
new england baby ! new england all day
the nike cleats are your fave , cool stuff . so what else do you like goalie ?
just lacrosse for me . i am playing college lacrosse next year
its a small one , you may not of heard of it . reed college in oregon
i do , this is next year when i am in college . not in college yet lol
hiya ! how's your day going ?
so happy ! no one bit me today and my boss brought in strawberries , my favorite !
no , sound great ! as long as it's vegan, I am in !
I drink when I am out with friends . what do you do ?
my cats like it when I am online , they are both right here now
anything fun planned for the weekend ? I will be at the beach
hey , beats being at work huh !
bias , my phone is ringing
hello , how are you today ?
i am good , just applying for loans so i can finish my education .
that is awesome ! have you ever been to las vegas ? thinking about moving there .
oh , okay . do you have any recommendations on shows to watch on netflix ?
i do the same thing ! my sister and i are really close , so we watch everything together .
what do you teach at the catholic school ?
i wish you taught self defense , i really need to learn that !
hello . my name is sarah . currently married with 5 kids .
hi joe . my kids love baseball . i enjoy watching them . do you like baseball ?
what do you like to cook . i love foods all orange . its my favorite color .
italian is my favorite too . what do you do on your spare time ?
oh nice . what do you do ? physician ? they run a lot . i dislike running .
how commendable . i too was in the medical field working for oncology dept .
wish you the best of luck ! where ae you from ?
hey how are you doing today ?
i am great , just eating lots of meat , my favorite , what about you ?
that is not good , do you ever online shop ?
i generally shop for clothing and stuff for the house .
we all eat together , mostly pork because i am lazy .
that is great , i kind of want to become a vegetarian , any opinions ?
i will at your advice , thank you sugar !
hi how are you doing
i am good just dropped my kids off at school
my kids love playing video games
i feel like that would get boring after a while
do not you like to hang out with friends
i am assuming youre in high school any college plans ?
lol what do you plan to do after school
can you make a lot of money doing that
hey there how are you
hey carl , i am very well .
oh yeah ? what do you like abou it ?
i like rocks too , and i drink a lot
i can not even keep a job . what kind of knight ?
how could you possibly do that ?
maybe it is not your fault , i blame myself a lot
oh my goodness thank you
hi , how are you doing today ? i just made chicken and rice with turmeric .
cool , so you work on sundays ? how many days in all ?
that is kind of you . i have several nurses as good friends .
that happens sometimes . my father was a civil engineer down south .
that is difficult to comprehend if you never knew him .
yeah , i do not care for tattoos myself , even on david beckham .
i like music , playing the piano . i sing too , but not such a great voice .
at the piano , yes . i am also a very good swimmer and won matches .
hi how are you doing
i am just dealing with these 2 brats who are my kids
i have a robot and love it
i work at a big cooperation like ebay it is amazon
yes it is great i love it
i could take a look for you if you want
i am a conservative person
hi how are you doing
i am good what are your hobbies
that is nice i work for the government not as fun
haha that is funny do you like baseball
i try to go to a game almost every week
ah what kinds of food do you like
hi there ! i just got back from walking my dog . how are you ?
a little pomeranian , she hates when i play my violin lol .
i placed in a few competitions , my mom is a music teacher in the elementary school .
winners over here ! any other hobbies or pets ?
that is awesome , what is your favorite food to professionally eat ?
ha ! good one ! i guess mine would be pizza .
let me just put away my violin so the dog does not do anything to it .
well , you are definitely fast . ha ha .
hello , want to go for a ride in my new chevy ?
road trip it is ! i love hanging with family and friends .
nice i like sports with my brothers , do you ?
starting new businesses and rope climbing .
i am not working right now
i am in Cali as well
no , i need to find one or two . my pimp hand is weak !
revenge , best serve cold ! haha
hello . i am a ballet dancer . what do you do ?
nice . i currently attend a nursing school . what do you do ?
nyc is great !
true . my mum used to be a sunday school teacher in nyc !
yeah that is a good one . did you attend high school ?
i see . hows painting coming along ?
yeah pays good enough to pay your bills
i enjoy reading and working out
hello , how are you doing today ?
yum . i am having a starbucks espresso
cool ! whats your favorite drink to order ?
yum , that is my second favorite . do you own a pet by any chance ?
me too ! i have a tabby cat named pickles . what about you ?
haha . pickles is a helpful girl , she catches bugs in my rose garden
www how cute ! do the kids like to pet him ?
hello ! how are you doing today ?
that does not sound good . what did your cat get up to ?
uh oh . how old is your cat ?
he is still young then . that is great about the pizza ! why are you hungry then ?
mmm pizza and ice cream are the best . whats your favorite ice cream flavor ?
i am listening to rock music and editing the photos i took today on my hike . you ?
matter , huh ? that is an interesting name . i have two dogs myself .
hi names greg and i enjoy football
my friends and i get together and eat and watch football games at my house .
well if it is for fun in the backyard i do .
yeah not much of a height person at all .
i am a construction worker .
we bring out the good bear when we watch the game
i totally understand that
hi , i just got back from church , how are you
nice , i do not have many friends .
i live in the country so not much happens .
i am currently pregnant with my first , i am scared .
sounds fun , my dad is a pastor so he prayed about my baby .
yes i cook , in this weather i bake more
i like food too , right now being pregnant , i want everything lol .
Chinese food sounds so good right now , wontons yea buddy !
hello . i am in college . you ?
i am going to be a journalist but am having trouble in math .
i hate it . i am bad at it .
i have no kids , just a dog named socks .
he has feet that look like socks so i chose it .
it kind of is actually .
i did laugh at it .
i am umi and i compete on a dance team
i started to attend upper dublin senior high school
that is cool ! ! dancing is my passion . and i like watching disney movies
that is cool to hear . i am competing with my dance team next week
thanks its kind of nerve wracking
me too ! ! i eat a lot and do to fast metabolism lose the weight fast too .
thanks so much for those kind words
my favorite disney princess is ariel
good morning how are you ?
pretty good here , tell me about yourself ?
i am full of life and enjoy bringing other happiness , i am also a lifeguard
no , do you drive a car ?
not really i drive a convertible in the rain tho
what do you like about star wars ?
nope not at all do you like music ?
i bet it is , i like katie perry you ?
hi there ! i am tom ! whats your name ?
never been there before ! i am from a small town in east asia .
i speak chinese and english . yourself ?
are there any languages you want to learn ?
italian ! but that is because i like the food .
oh nice ! so you like drinking coffee then ?
whats your favorite drink to make ?
hello how are you doing
i am swell . who is your favorite band ?
mine is korn . i am a metalhead .
its brown but i want to dye it purple .
that is crazy ! do you like any sports ?
i am quite the avid swimmer . i have my own pool .
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing well . i had a crazy work shift and now am making dinner
i just made some chicken and pasta . nothing fancy .
aw , that sounds nice . is that your only pet ?
no , i work at a hospital and am just not home enough . i wish though
a bit . i listen to music when i run and bike .
i do not think i have listened to korn in like , a decade
what do you do for work ?
hello there ! how are you
sounds like you are following your dream
ahahah . that reminds me of that movie zoolander
did you atleast get to drink orange mocha frappicinos with them first ?
that is cool . i like to make tiny reading centers for ants
ya . . . and ants do not read very well
ok . can you pick me up . i am drunk from giving wine tours
hey , how's it going ? pleased to chat with you
ll . i know the feeling all too well
sounds like fun . it would be cookies and soda all day for me .
great combination . i would have to run those pounds off though .
i like to take my dogs out with me sometimes . do you have any dogs ?
two great danes and a yorkie
nope but I would love to visit .
how are you ? i just got back from the library !
i work there ! i am going out tomorrow !
well , i am going to see my favorite band in pittsburgh !
then , i will be going out for some food ! italian !
i do animal shelter work ! what kind of puppy ?
is that hard to do ?
that sounds like a very long time !
so , that is 18 years then ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing well , thank you ! what kind of hobbies do you have ?
decorating sounds like a lot of fun . do you enjoy fine dining ?
maybe i can take you sometime if you like guys with big beards
an only child , but i am from a viking village so it felt like i had siblings
i never really thought about it . maybe blue for the water i fish in
yes that is my profession
good morning ! hopefully the weather is good where you are today .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a first grade teacher . i love my job .
it sort of pays well , but as long as i can pay the bills i am happy .
thank you . what is your favorite thing to do ?
nice ! my favorite thing of all time is shopping .
hello there . what are you doing on this lovely evening ?
same here ! i just took my car for a little spin . very relaxing .
i have a jeep . i like to cruise through the woodlands .
i am 37 . i am a teacher , though medicine was my first calling .
do not worry , just go to the mall like me !
i do , so much . when i was at harvard i would shop every weekend .
yes ! i was very blessed . did you have an education ?
hat school do you attend ?
hello how are you today ?
horrible i have dirty glasses .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i love that place . my pc is so slow .
what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i really really like hot dogs
i am in love with rita hayworth .
hello , my height is 5 feet 7 inches
no way ! my dog gets a biscuit bought for him every day after i work
he is obnoxious . i am working at target .
take a break , see some movies with me every other month .
i would rather eat dog biscuits than meet your brother .
if he is short , i could probably beat him up .
annoying people like your brother are annoying though .
someone needs to teach you how to watch movies .
hello . how are you this fine rainy friday
oh you sound like my dad .
only of you read my oh with rolled eyes .
lol i guess . my dad is not a cop though .
he drives what he can afford . lol .
oh . . i could have played basketball professionally .
ha , maybe . now i prefer to create music .
halloween is my favorite holiday . followed by christmas .
hello . what are you up to ?
i like to relax and fantasize about a lot of things .
do you like magic ? i wish it was real .
what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas . i love it .
i so like it when the packages arrive in the mail for christmas .
i went camping one time a long time ago .
i have never been fishing , but i do go hiking .
what other things do you like to do ?
hello how are you today
i am doing okay , just watching my children
i have three , do you have any
oh wow , i would love to have five . i bet you cook a lot !
i would imagine you are extremely busy !
fishing ? i have never been , that sounds fun
well i enjoy cooking , i immigrated here when i was 14
we moved from italy , my parents still do not speak english
hi , how are you doing today ?
pretty good since i am painting and listening to Pink . do you paint ?
i am also pretty good at drawing which i do all of the time .
just for fun . are you married ? i have a wife .
sorry to hear that . no , just a natural talent of mine . what's for dinner ?
i do not drive either . just having the best pasta made by my wife .
actually , i only drive for work which takes a whole hour every morning .
that is awesome for you ! i will be working from home next month .
hi , how are you today ?
doing well , just getting ready for work
i work in television behind the scenes .
i like it too but my passion is really singing
my girlfriend loves to read
my girlfriends sweet but i do not always treat her as she deserves
i do always cook her breakfast each sunday
vera here . i did not die ! i love bass though . you ?
huh ? i like red hot chili peppers . you ?
hmmm . boozer is my french bulldog . you have pets ?
i wear 6 in womens shoes . i work at sears . you work ?
good ! you need a washer ? sears is having a sale .
get out ! me too ! i like spicy meatballs . you ?
yes ! omg ! you are my bass guitar twin . you play anything else ?
i see . do not tell me you work at sears okay ?
hello there . how are you ?
i am doing fine , thank you . what do you do on your spare time ?
i love that ! i enjoy kayaking . we do so every weekend on the lake .
lake chaplain in vermont . my friends and i do .
i hear you ! my kind of thing . at the mean time , studying to be an ed teacher
special education , apologies on that . commercials , netflix is my thing
how are you doing today ?
i am just working a lot
i am in sales i work from home
no i am single . how about you ?
that is awesome . what is your favorite food ?
i bet it is amazing . i love the pastries .
what is your favorite color ?
hello , how are you today ?
that sounds like fun . i am currently into silicon valley .
i live at home with my two sisters and my mother , who is a dentist .
i work in a bakery . also i play tennis a lot . you have any hobbies ?
my favorite color is orange . you have any siblings ?
so are you still in school ?
i wish . my work as a baker takes up to much of my time .
yes i do . i stay up too late sometimes binge watching silicon valley .
hello ! despite my age , i love meeting new people
i actually do not because i am really into animals
it is rare for my age but i want to save the earth for my family .
do you have any family ?
well maybe one day you will feel like it . retirement helped inspire me .
that sounds nice ! i am retired now so i am all on my own .
well your time will come ! i used to program computers .
hello , do you like to travel ?
that is interesting . what is your favorite place to travel ? mine is jamaica .
agreed . i am going to barbados in november . what do you do for a living ?
i took over the family business after my parents stepped down .
it is a fitness center . i really enjoy working out . do you ?
i definitely understand that . pets can be a handful .
i do not , unfortunately i am too busy with the business and traveling .
definitely . do you have more than just the two cats ?
hi there !
great , i just got back from the beach . you ?
i live near the beach . that is nice . you seem family oriented !
how
so what do you like doing other than spend time with family ?
hockey ! wow , you must be very competitive . do you win a lot ?
makes sense . i like doing fun stuff and relaxing . surfing is so relaxing !
hey , how are you doing dude ?
nice ! i like cats . i did not get to see them too much in the circus though .
i used to be the clown but now i am in reality tv
that is very healthy , i surf, I wish I could surf like you, but I'm afraid of the ocean.
it is very fun . i also like music
i like country music the most but jazz and hip hop are cool too
that sounds awesome . i love pizza too ! but i am on a diet now .
i sneak it in ! i am trying to gain my six pack again
hi there . i am going enrolled at union college . are you in school ?
nice . bills fan here , got season tickets . who you like in the nfl ?
fantastic . i am planning on becoming an english teacher . you going to be a doctor ?
even better . i am originally from syracuse . you ?
i love mustangs . my brother had one . you have any siblings ?
anything else you would like to share ?
i am . i live in indiana .
hi how are you doing
i am good getting back from a swim
i like to swim in all weather
no i just spend a lot of time outside
it is i like to travel
i do i want to get to alaska
yeah i would probably go in the summer
hey i like drawing do you ?
that is too bad , i have sent some of my comics to a publisher
no , i just publish online
that is good ! you should keep trying though
do not be so hard on yourself
no , i stick to comics
hey , whats your name ? how are you ?
doing great . my given name is william , but i go by bill .
outside of grand rapids , michigan . and you , lucy ?
i would definitely trade the beach for my little farm and herding cattle lol
that is awesome , well our pet animals help . the 3 gorgeous dogs and cat keep pests away .
wow , that sounds like a big help to your parents .
i am interested in repairing automobiles . and yourself ?
good for him , mechanical work is strengthening . whats your favorite place ?
hi how are you ? i am chilling in my college dorm room .
cool . the grocery store where i work carries like 70 different beers .
awesome . do you drive to work ?
no i take my unicycle with me across campus .
ya . it is a lot of fun . what kind of music do you like ?
i only listen to metallica . that is my jam.
ah . i think metallica is the coolest .
besides my unicycle l . not much . you ?
hi how are you today ?
and why is that then ?
then go to the city
why do you hate the pigs then
i guess do you make bacon ?
oh you should give me the bacon then
do you have any flowers ?
then go see the buildings i say
hi how are you doing
i am doing great today
what do you like ? any hobbies
i like to do that too
what do you like to cook
do you like to hunt
do you camp a lot
why does it make you nervous
hello , how are you today ?
very tired . my children kept me up last night
five . i also go to school and have an internship , so i am busy
my mother is a lawyer . she definitely helps when she can
i love going fishing when i have time . what about you ?
yum ! what are your favorite things to bake ?
what is your favorite kind of pie ?
those are all good . i am very excited for pumpkin pie during the holidays .
hello my name is frank
i am doing great . i just got off work from the campus library .
what city do you live in ?
i am in new orleans , where i just began going to college
i major in science . i have three classes and i do not have much time for music
how do you get around in algeria ? i have to get to school using a bus .
yea , i just started attending college so the bus works great for staying on time .
hi ! !
good and you ?
where do you work ?
i am 50 and do not work . i have 4 kids
my husband decided to leave me . with all 4 of the dang kids
yeah the kids are my responsibility now . he just up and left .
life is a cruel mistress . i am 50 and stuck with 4 kids .
hello ! how are you today
i love hiking and animals . you ?
that is awesome . i can talk really fast too . i like to watch ted talks
ahahah ! i am jealous ! ll .
i love pink ! but light blue is a close second
yeah , i am not too fond of red , but pink outweighs every color ;
oh gosh , it would have to be a cat and a dog !
hello i am nancy . how are you ?
i like strawberries too . i am playing with my barbie dolls .
i would love to . do you live by the beach ?
no i am always alone . no brothers and sisters , no pets .
really ? that is really nice of you . how many cats do you have ?
i really want to meet them . where do you live ?
that is no a problem . i like veggies anyway .
yes ! i will try to visit you soon .
hello , i am a teacher , what do you do for a living ?
i hope everything goes right , continue perfecting your passion
just keep trying , i have faith in you , you can do anything
what is your name ?
well jessie , you are gods child , and he has a purpose for you , fulfill your gifts, even if you're on a low carb diet.
i like pop musical gospel music
yes , i am
hello . i eat take out way too much . it is all i ever eat .
what do you do for a living ? i do not want to work .
that sounds cool . i still live with my parents . i have never been to a club .
my mom is a nurse .
if I could change one thing about my routine, I would start playing video games more often.
that will keep you healthy .
i watch football and play once in a while .
hi how is ur weekend going so far
you like music ? i like too . .
i was in a band when i was in school
that is too young . . you are rockstar
trumpet was my speciality . . and i was doing vocal as well
even i hate that too
what happened ? ? these days there are too many vegan recipes
hi , can i play some guitar for you ?
i usually only eat meats . want to come for dinner ?
okay , but be warned , do not mention i am gay to my mom . they do not know .
we could play some video games , and be happy .
i like old people . are they smelly ?
i think that would be interesting .
you should not look down upon her . that is mean .
how are you doing tonight
i am good watching meade halloween
no its actually a movie
its more of a funny halloween movie
that is cool what do you like to write about
that is cool i could not do it
i love to bake i can look at a photo and make a cake
yep it helps with stress too
hi how are you today
do you ever do yoga then ?
i do it 3x a week its relaxing
no but i do teach kids
do you ever do volunteer work ?
you should i was at the red cross recently for hurricane relief
hi , do you like jokes ?
some would say i am a joker , but some jokes go too far
love cake ! do you bake ?
oh not me , i like to know what i am getting . i like simple times
there is a guy on south park that has voices in his head my friends watch it
that could be a problem for you . do you watch the flintstones ?
yes i really like to watch them . do you like any shows ?
that is scandal waiting to happen !
hello how are you today ?
i am in withdrawl so could be better
that is very good . i am waiting for my girlfriend
wow so your about the looks ?
i do not . i am a recovering alcoholic so i like junk, I wish I could indulge in more junk food like you do.
it is very hard for me
i am actually retired
i used to be a newspaper reporter
how are you today ?
i am doing fine thanks for asking .
i like to smoke exotic tabacco in my pipe .
have you ever been to chicago ?
i hit the gym too , but prefer weights .
i own a bar in chicago actually so the smell does not bother me .
cycling is great for the heart .
it has been in my family for 40 years .
hello , how are you tonight ?
podcast help me with anger management in traffic .
i have a long commute , i use them to relax
i live vicariously through books , you should try it .
you sound like my son , lol . only his is tacos .
i prefer brownies and cake .
i believe it , the way he raids the sweet bin .
hi how are you doing today ?
just talking with my friends . i love spending time and talking with them a lot !
interesting . i have never been there before .
i love driving around . i could drive for hours and hours .
i am not good at sports . i was a smoker in the past .
good for you ! i just got my tenth piercing !
yes i love piercings and italian food !
hello i work out a lot
that is absolutely great just fantastic
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
what is your favorite fruit ?
i i cannot eat healthy , i would rather not
i really really like hot dogs
i just like posting them on instagram
you have to look like you are having fun
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i love animals and crafting
what do you do for a living ?
so no job right now ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali , ever been ?
are you a seafood person ?
hello , how are you doing ?
i am ok . i am an old lady on ssi and i ride only the bus .
we have that in common . i like yellow , what is your favorite color ?
why do they say that ? living on ssi sucks .
so girls cannot like blue ? i babysit for next door neighbor .
2 . i have problems paying my utilities all the time . i should charge her .
yes , totally free . i will start charging so i can pay my bill .
it is . i will tell her when she picks them up tonight .
hey how are you today
i am doing ok enjoying a day off
i bake at a bakery at the high end of town
it can be but tiring at times
i understand that . what do you do for fun
i hunt and sew . i hunt so i have meat
do you like music i like pop music especially katy perry
hey there , how are you today ?
i do , i run marathons . how about you ?
nice , i like basketball too . i also love boating in the river .
that sounds like fun . i love pizza ! i am a total dessert person , especially ice cream
it is , every night i have at least one scoop !
good question , probably paul blart mall cop , my dad was a police officer
i love the movie cars !
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing well tell me about yourself . i am a retired mature woman .
i am retired so spend most of my days with my husband and helping at a local shelter
that makes sens . i love to cook , we live in the country so not may restaurants .
that would be fun , you been on tv at all ?
do not ever give up your dream .
i cook mostly . i love pasta so always looking for new recipes
hi how are you today
nice did you win though
i just broke up with my girl
yeah it was my choice i am 30 and she is young
yeah it can be tough i work late
what do you want to be
that takes some hard work
i am a security guard
good evening . how are you ? i am drinking a lot of pepsi tonight .
right on ! i am also gnawing on a lot of chocolate chip cookies . tastiest food around .
same here . i eat a lot when i am talking on irc .
very cool . the guy working on my toyota speaks italian . toyotas my only car .
so , the new justice league movie will not have superman in it . he is my fav .
its what i heard . i am hoping its not true .
no you did not . that is cool .
i love archaeology . i did a lot of history in college .
i take silence over music any day . what color is your hair ?
brown hair . no subway . too many carbs . i love scooter riding . you ride ?
wow . names nick . nice to meet you . you have any friends ?
you work at starbucks ? my and i hate music . you sing ?
i see . does your cat sing back ?
no . i have a little brother . same thing . you cook ?
oh okay . your friends do this too ?
oh okay . you ever work the latte section ?
hello , how are you , how is day ?
i like fish , what is your favorite dish ?
i have my own boat and ride every day
great , i like tennis game very much, what about you ?
i like jane austen author books
cool , what is your profession ?
i am a civil engineer
good , i like tennis , what is your favorite game ?
how are you doing today
i am . i am going to the indoor pool
i love to swim all day
how big is your family
what do you like to buy
chocolate milk is the best
coffee is great as well
hello there , how are you ?
i am well too . just got home from my daily exercise activity
are you a tailor ? my art is in makeup .
that is beautiful . could you make me one dress ?
thank you , that could be really nice .
no , i am not good at anything really , not even at being a human being .
you are mistaken , or i am an exception
what kind of problems do you have ?
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
ah , bummer i used to do that , but not anymore . own my own company now
nice , are you out on the west coast ?
idaho looks like a cool vacation destination to me
right on , maybe i should teach the wife and kid to snowboard and take them too !
all the time . i barely have to show up for work
i draw in class . no note taking . i love my lizards . you ?
wow ! i want to live in a make believe world . you ?
i see . i do not have friends because of my long hair . you sing ?
get out ! me too ! how is the job coming ? i play with lizards .
your kidding ! merna jean says boys do not need long hair . you like long hair ?
my is anyway . what type of autism you have ? you dance ?
oh okay . you a boy with long hair ?
oh okay . I bet you own lizards too right ?
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . do you like fall ?
i love the season . its nice to have the fall cooking and activities .
i can understand why you would like that season .
yes , it does . i like a happy median
no , i have not . is it fun ?
i just got a chevy
corvette is a chevy , have lots of them in california where i live
i am making spaghetti my favorite thing to eat
just have tofu here , that should work i am sure
probably , after i eat i am going to do my favorite thing . . . . read .
i have several in my animal book collection
i need to get a new cat
so my dog has something to destroy
hello . how are you doing today ?
nice . do you like hockey a lot ?
cool . my favorite band of all time is nirvana
was it very nice there ?
i am very happy in life . how about you ?
that is too bad . do you have a car ?
i work as a waitress . how about you ?
are you gonna graduate soon ?
how is it going tonight ? just hanging out here .
i hear that . i am about ready to let the younger boys take the long flights .
that is what i will do when i get my discharge . what do you do ?
i fly a c 37 for the army . and build computers in my spare time
i will match challenge coins with you , sir .
third generation . grandad was field artillery , dad retired a full bird .
thank you , sir . it will be a privilege to hear your stories .
dad and i are both mustangs . college was not for me , so no rotc .
hello . how are you this evening ?
me too . order a pizza and i will be in heaven .
mine in monday night football . typical guy .
yes . i fix trucks for a living , so just want to relax after work .
oh no . i feel your pain . i need a second job to feed my doberman .
his name is gandalf . he is old .
he seems to think so .
good afternoon ! how are you ?
i am good , thank you . just listen to smooth jazz at my desk .
i love it because i can find it where i live easily .
what do you like to read about ?
do you have any animals ? i have a poodle , her name is nanette
oh , i am sorry to hear that .
hi , how are you today ?
i am doing well . reading my favorite book .
the tale of genji . nothing to do with law .
they are tedious and confusing , haha .
i am a pet sitter . mostly dogs .
luckily i do not own them , hehe .
hey , as long as you pay me !
what kind of dog is he ?
hey how are you doing today ?
just got back from a museum visit , it is my favorite thing to do .
i enjoy art museums , myself and my two sons go often .
my husband is old , 20 years older than myself .
do you like wine ? we could go on a wine tour sometime .
red wine is my favorite especially .
i do , meatloaf is my favorite , what is yours ?
that sounds interested , i have never had russian food .
what did you do today ?
i need to work out . i eat way too much chocolate cake
i am gonna rock out on my guitar . you ?
my dogs and i do that every so often . i have a couple of siberian huskies
i am in college now . i am a trooper for my school . michigan state
you work at a pizza place ?
what school do you go to ? i love alfredo pizza !
hey , do you want to take me to the movies ?
you could pick , whatever you want
hmmm . . maybe superhero movies . maybe no .
that is very rude of you to say . you cannot borrow my cape now
i do not understand what that even means honestly
but what brand cape do you wear ?
i was just curious . mine is probably better than yours .
so , anyway , what movie are you taking me to see ?
hello , how are you tonight
i am in cleveland , looking to move to florida next year .
that is too bad , i exercise a lot and eat only meat .
oh , wow . i never want children , they are too messy .
i am a redhead , my best friend is a blond .
not really , there are a lot of us .
weird , i see them all over no matter where i go .
maybe you need to get out more and pay attention .
hi names bert , i wear flip flops all year around
not really , my best friend is coming to visit from tanzania
wow that is awesome there are these freckles around my nose my bf finds cute
everything is about me having fun and laughing which i love to do .
that is awesome and my best friend is visiting from tanzania next week .
that would be cool and we can be twins ! !
haha ok make something that you think we would like !
good day ! my name is
my name is rosa . i have two cats !
i see . i teach veterinary prosthetics . today , our class made right hind dog legs .
yes , most tiger prosthetics involve eyeballs . why caterer ? i use to be a chef
oh cool . must be telepathic ! anyway , i was born in mexico city . where are you from ?
i am a huge fan of german pastry
maybe we could go to germany and take a walk in the christmas market
okay i will call you big red
welcome to starbucks . may i take your order ?
i forgot i am not at work .
no , i would rather dance in my red leotard and tutu .
i wear red , i drive a red prius , and i prefer to eat red food .
any red tees ? can you tell i like red ? lol
that would be great . mom my used to color my hair red .
it is back to blonde now . she is no longer a hairdresser .
it was cheap to have her do it . my coffee shop job does not pay well .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am more into sports and football
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
what are you doing right now
you are a student ? just getting ready to go to my factory job
what are you going to school for ?
i think you will do great . i wish i made more money so i could travel
i would love to go again . it is beautiful there
a few years ago . do you do anything for fun ?
how cute haha . i love ufc fighting . especially connor
you definitely should . it is very entertaining
i love how my garden turned out this year . its my favorite thing to do .
that is cool ! i have got it all veggies and fruits . if only i could grow coffee .
my husband would have been able to make coffee grow . he passed away in 2016 .
you have got coffee on your hip ? i have got to have it daily . black only .
music makes an ordinary day exciting . my family listens to music every saturday .
thanks . the rest of us spend time together weekly to honor his memory .
good for you ! education is essential to a successful life .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
you should run often then
nice do you have pets
how is the weather there ?
is it a bit humid it rained
can you run faster than him
well what colors do you like
hello , do you go on wine tours ?
they are the greatest . my husband does not enjoy them though , he is 20 years older .
greece has wonderful museums , my two boys loved them when we went .
i love the ocean . my home is decorated with paintings i have done there .
what is your favorite cuisine ?
what do you recommend ? i have never tried it .
what else would go with it ?
we are not fond of green tea . does coke go well with it ?
hi , would you like to get to know me ?
that is cool . what do you do while you are filming
so you are a thrill seeker ? i get plenty of thrills in the army
what about your family ? do they worry ?
not really . i enjoy sunday morning brunch , does that count ?
my job is serious . i need to unwind when i can
it is not so bad . but i do like my own cooking better
i make great quiche . do you have any pets ?
hi there , how are you ?
oh why so ? are you okay ?
well therapy can help . i do not have parents , my grandparents raised me , but they died
you know what takes my mind off of things ? chocolate !
i am doing okay . just eating some chocolate , watching anime !
you are welcome . you like flowers ? i can bring you some from my garden ?
i have 2 laptops . you could come join me
hello bro what are you up to ?
oh i do apologize malady . offers you some cheesecake
ah , so is my wife . she is a former miss usa .
yeah she sucks , and so do my kids . i just pay them to go away .
nah last week i even gave the maids 10 , 000 to fight , they are so boring .
but then who will entertain me ?
hello how are you today ?
just being the best baker of all time .
a cookie that looked like a tree
i grew up an army brat
everywhere and nowhere at the same time
cali , it is the best
i would like to learn
i love it i always hike places
hi ! my name is becky ! how are you !
haha i am a kid ! i am in third grade and love soccer ! you ?
oh no ! i am sorry mister ! is she going to heaven soon ?
i am sorry . i do not know what i would do without my parents or brother !
your poor wife ! well i like to draw ! i do not have many friends .
what kind of songs do you sing ?
cool ! i like to draw anime characters ! and i read french comics like asterix !
thanks ! i hope i make more friends in the summer or during soccer !
hey ! how are you tonight ?
that is a lot ! i had two dogs and one son .
oh . i like jello too . do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy swimming and reading .
i work at a restaurant . are you married ?
tell me something about yourself .
italian . i am single and loving it .
no , it is not a chain restaurant .
what did you do today ?
sounds great . i love dogs . i walk them for a living
that is a big family ! do you get to travel at all ?
yes i am in new york ! very city !
that is really sweet . i have never really got to travel outside of the us
i would love to go to japan . that is where my best friend lives. I often dream of exploring the bustling streets of Tokyo.
no i do not . do you ?
that is a huge family ! how cool .
hello , how are you ?
good thank you . what do you enjoy doing ? i enjoy being a fisherman
me too , my father used to be a cook so i watch food network a lot
fish , haha . my dad taught me a lot about fishing though .
me too ! my dad was a hard worker . what about your dad ?
cool , my dad was a good man who taught me right from wrong .
yes i have 7 cats that hang out at where my dad tends bar .
i love dogs ! what are your dogs names ?
hi , i am the center of attention . how are you ?
i am well , i love winter
sounds pleasant . what do you do for a living
i am a banker by day and a bartender by night
super busy but hard work pays off . i have blue eyes
sorry to hear . i never knew my parents , i was an orphan
no but i have lots of friends whom i love . do you have kids ?
aww how adorable . i want lots of kids
hi . how are you doing ?
what do you do for work
i bet that it is
what do you do to exercise
what is your favorite movie
that must be easy to care for
that must be very expensive
hello can you tell me about yourself ?
i just shop and get botox
i went to school once for fashion design but decided i would rather not work
i shop for handbags and get haircuts once a month . i just get what i want .
i do and i do not look as old as i am .
i remember when i was twenty . i think i have to go my face it stuck .
i will be . you have heard no pain no gain .
do you like to do things outdoors ?
i enjoy hiking with my brothers .
three , there are four kids in my family
i grew up in the usa and have never traveled internationally .
i am from california , and i like it there a lot .
i do odd jobs here and there . i have never been to the midwest !
that sounds like fun ! i get to meet people on some of my jobs too .
hi ! i am sara , i am a city councilwoman . what is your name ?
what a coincidence ! what else do you do ?
very specific . i like wide open spaces too . not waffles so much , though
no favorite band , i am too busy with my five acre farm and ten alpacas
yes , yes it is . i make interesting life choices . have any pets ?
oh really ? where do they go ?
so you like stranger things ?
you should stay . i hear sweden is lovely .
acting was something that i longed to do
yup , medical school is where i am at now though
cool , there is a girl i am sweet on , but she does not know ,
shy , after classes , i like to go theatre at the community centre !
my mom and dad are physicians so i cannot do that !
cool ! , acting was my first passion that i really wanted
hello how are you tonight
i am great thank you
2 dogs they are so sweat you ?
i like them too , i just do not have any
wow that is so cool i would like to see, if only I could have a room full of cats to play video games with.
lol i do not see that one lol
it is ok we are all free to do what we want
i love to play them
hello how are you today
oh that is terrible . i hope everything gets better soon
that sounds great . video games is second to watching tv on my favorite hobby list
that is great . before my dad passed away he used to always play football with my brother
6 years ago when i was in highschool
its okay i have gotten through it . my days are better except for my terrible allergies lol
seasonal . mostly get stuffy with the trees and pollen and stuff like that
i like to ride with my guys my bike
we are all young we ride to play football
u play about 3 times a week , my beard is like realllll long wanna see ?
heavy i would not mind that let me know where to be at !
awesome , can i bring my yorkie ?
if not its okay i understand totally
oh it is ? you are getting even cooler by the minute ma'am
hi , how are you today ?
i am just here enjoying a glass of wine .
that sounds nice , i have never been to france .
tell me about france , how is it there ?
tell me about france , how is it there ?
wow 300 i did not know there was even 300 languages
yes i do , they are still alive
i have eight brothers , so it is hard, I wish I had the opportunity to go to school and experience a traditional education.
h hello ! how are you doing ?
w wow exclamation is not that wonderful , do you happen to love animals as well ?
i love dogs as well ! i have two myself .
i also have two roomies .
i do not have a job and i am afraid of clowns too . i am terrified of clowns .
it was great to meet you !
i really appreciate that ! same here !
hi how are you today
i am good do you like the bible
what is your favorite movie
do you sing along then ?
where is your favorite then
they have the best fries yeah
nice i love the bible yeah
hi . a bit shy , but i wanted to say hello .
you must have a lot of stress . i am not a drinker , but i empathize .
a dog like mine . he is my best friend .
neat . i guess i am content to live like i do now .
i prefer cocoa , but listening to music is a great idea .
not really . you like making meatloaf ?
my dog mostly . too shy to have many friends .
mashed potatoes and gravy with chicken .
my name is jesse and my job is in sales .
it is important that i take care of my clients extremely well .
my job involved making sure that products they have is what they want .
i cannot seem to put my phone down do to enormous amount of calls . .
but i do take fridays off , when the weather gets warm . aka summer .
my job can be stressful ; i do my job well and make wrongs right .
that is great ! i am right now at the mall .
yeah it is and you have too . find solutions to problems .
hello how are you today
yes i work at the animal shelter
mine is pink and married for a lot of years
i enjoy traveling around and animals
i do not i like to see different things traveling
new york city and they have an awesome zoo .
hello ! how are you on this lovely day ?
i am great ! the sky is a beautiful blue today . my favorite color !
how interesting . can you read too ? i collected stamps since i was younger .
oh really ? do you swim a lot there ? i go to the y everyday .
do you guys go to concerts ? i love going on weekends .
i bet you do ! i feel like i spend too much money on the concerts .
what is your favorite casino game ?
hello from argentina , how are you today ?
great , just going for a horseback ride in my new boots !
i have a lot of women in my life who love to swim , are you married ?
my favorite food is beef ! and i love boots , what can i say !
what is your confession ? sounds juicy . . .
i do know them , this is how you remind me , of what i really am .
fair enough , i have multiple girlfriends , do not tell my leiden !
jesus agrees , we are also catholic in argentina . where we ride our horses , in boots .
hello ! how are you today ?
i really enjoy shooting pool . i am pretty good at it too !
those are good ! i really want to write a book with a mystery theme .
does it have pyramids ? lol i would love to see the pyramids .
not as much as i would like but a good bit . do you ?
how fun ! i am a middle school art teacher so i travel during the summer .
it is ! and even though i a grown woman , i really still like unicorns !
they really are great ! i would love to take a picture with one .
hello there how are you doing ?
i am doing good thanks , just working on some art . do you enjoy art ?
awesome ! i did a lot of art while i was homeschooled
i like to use art to cope instead of screaming to feel alive
oh wow that is creative ! i love animals very much .
lucky , i care a lot for animals but could never have one
no i do not like doctors . i can not connect with people .
yes they are . homeschooling really messed me up man
hey there , i love to swim , how about you ?
i like to sew too in fact i sew bathing suits if you need any ?
do you like pie ? i eat pie for lunch in my garden . i love making them .
people should accept those for who they are and you seem so nice .
wow , nasa ! he is a keeper for sure . do you work ?
i sell domain names for web . com . i hate it though .
well i have been there 12 years , the pay is good . kind of stuck .
i wish i could afford to take a pay cut to do what i love .
hi , how are you doing this evening
what kind ? i am relaxing by the lake
aww haha . what do you do for a living
ahahah i am a boring accountant who just reads horror novels, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would spend more time reading horror novels.
not really , i do want to see the new stephen king movie tho
yes the original was completely horrible
yes definitely avoid it . i have a cat sleeping on me
hello ! how are you ?
not that i know of
how did you know he was a vampire ?
. . . how does that imply that he is indeed a vampire . . . ?
great point
well that is very creepy . . . do you watch horror movies ?
excellent point ! i love the aesthetic of horror movies though
hello , how are you ?
tired , lol . i just came home from salsa lessons .
i quit my job to work on a bitcoin project and to travel. If I could change one thing about my life, I would love to live in the mountains and own a cabin.
i do , a lab named pizza my fav food
those are adorable pups .
i have two . a boy and a girl .
i prefer hard cider from the winery down the road .
i like a crime novels through stories
do you like dogs i have usually to talk
insurance companies where i work as a secretary
hey i make sure that i go to disney world every year
my two brothers i m really close to them
why it s fun hanging out with them
just go with the flow with them and you find ways to have fun with them
that s hilarious i think that s natural to everybody
stream all nite every nite
i know that . weirdo . we meet at the national park there . so you gonna game or what
i thought you said you would take up gaming , you know i am a gamer
run , hence the bod .
so the boys at the office game , why do not you
you are old
forever young bob dylan
hi ! how are you this evening ?
what are you up to ? i just got home form teaching a yoga class .
i am a yoga instructor . it allows me time to stay home with my kids . 2 adopted puppies !
no . do you ? i am not musical at all .
nice ! do you have any other hobbies ? i am an old movie buff !
dogs are great . like i said i just adopted 2 puppies . those are our kids .
are you married ? kids ? job ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , glad to hear it . what do you do for fun ?
really ? i really like to mountain bike too
do you like nature ? i have been to 12 national parks
i love plants too , and hiking . in fact , i am actually an environmental activist
nice , do you have a favorite food ?
i have never had that , but i want to try it now .
probably hiking and mountain biking , being outdoors .
on the island where i live i love fishing
when i am not fishing , i build boats for a hobby
me and my dog , his name is bob , we are both cannibals
i love crab and shrimp that is my favorite , where are you from
yeah but i am in the closet about being a cannibal
so if you do not tell , it will be our little secret
have you ever crashed one of your planes ?
lol , dragons are not real , you should seek counseling
hello . how are you tonight ?
may i ask , since you run , how many shoes do you own ?
i only own one pair of shoes . my mother owns 500 pair . no kidding .
so what do you collect ? what are your hobbies ?
i like to take pics of my meals . post them on instagram or twitter
i have some pics of some beautiful meals . i always eat out though . can you cook ?
i tried cooking one time . i found out i was allergic to shellfish . never again !
shellfish and cats . only things i allergic too .
i would love to have long hair . my hair becomes uncontrollable though .
ever ? how long is it ? ?
do you at least get it trimmed ?
eating at restaurants is my one and only weakness and hobby .
hello there . how are you ?
i am well . where are you from ?
i am from Allentown , Pennsylvania . what are your hobbies ?
interesting . i like to read and garden .
i have a dog . do you have any ?
awesome . i have a pitbull .
i do not . i reside with my sisters and they help provide my needs .
i love watching movies and cleaning my house .
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
great . . had a big party weekend
i do the same . . i love music on my phone
i did nt get that
nice . . it will be fun to have off on friday
i jst completed my high school
what are your plans for the day ?
you sound pretty . i am blogging about my aquarium
do they smell like ferrets ? i love ferrets . i want one
gross . no i do not own one , but i want one
my mom was a single parent and taught me baseball
i am a shortstop ! pretty good at it
sometimes i do , but only for fun . what do you like to eat ?
i really love jelly sandwiches , but hold the pb because i am allergic
hello there . tell me about yourself .
oh you are a lumberjack ? i am a carny . juggler to be specific .
otherwise you would be some type of machine or an oddly large beaver
my gramps and dad worked as carnies too . family thing
yea . my dogs are part of the act . they are golden and fetch things
yea they do this diet with me too . called keto
yea especially when you love going to the theatre all those delicious snacks
hi ! i am a graphic designer . what do you do ?
what do yo do for fun ? i paint in my free time .
interesting ! are you currently seeing anyone ?
unfortunately i am single . i blame the weather !
i should . spring is my favorite . the perfect weather for love .
do you have any other pets ?
cool . do you have any other interests ?
hello how are you today ?
i am fine . what is your favorite hobby ?
i love to fish .
both . what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas .
that is a good holiday too . i drive and love my impala .
it can go pretty fast , yes like cop cars . i also listen to classic radio .
hi how are yoy doing
those are great i have been learning to cook indian food
that is cool do you like sports
that sounds like an interesting job do you have long hours
i do not really like my job either
that is true do you like the color blue
bonjour ! how are you today ? i am trying to study french phrases .
non . that is not okay .
are you a professional videographer ?
what types of things do you usually film ?
my sister is the one in my family who is usually behind the camera .
she recently moved back to the bay area . we lived there when we were younger .
when were you last there ?
i work in pharmaceuticals . you ?
hello , i am rex .
what do you do mary ?
i am currently going back to school to become a casino manager .
did you got to school ?
that is rough . i have a degree in statistics .
i enjoy it . i used it to count cards in blackjack .
it does but a habit i would have to stop as a casino manager .
nah , that would be too much . just manager one .
how are you doing today ?
i am a little bummed out
i am so in love but she has no idea
i am to scared of her reaction
i do not know if she would feel the same
you are right ! i should try
i am the youngest out of four girls .
hi there , how are you ?
my parents are still together so i would say alright
girly things , you know like make up and stuff .
do you have kids ? i have a ton of them ! !
i do not even know , a lot
it is like that in the rural planes i live in .
that is great , my parents own one , they are still together after 40 years .
i guess there are a lot of factors to consider .
hi , how are you doing today
you know i was adopted , and make myself do something fun
i do horseback riding for the free time
i do accounting jobs in a firm
it is an accounting firms a big one
oh that is alright . that is your favorite
spending time with friends coz i grew up alone
yes , you got it right . how about you
hi , i am a farmer from kansas , but i am looking for a new farm .
yeah , my farm was foreclosed on so i am wanting to move somewhere warmer .
pretty ok i guess . its only been a month since the foreclosure .
i watch a lot of reality shows on vh1 and mtv to entertain myself .
yeah , i was a farmhand so i never really had time for creativity .
i could try country music haha .
yeah , it would definitely lighten the atmosphere .
hello , do you have any hobbies ?
i love cooking authentic ethnic food and drawing .
a lady never tells , but my greek family came to america half a century ago
i no longer drive . what was your first car ?
my husband drove . what do you look like ? i am very tall with curly hair .
yes . are you planning on going ?
what will be your major ?
hello , how are you today ?
no , i am a nascar driver , and mommy to four little princesses .
they have several cats and some fish we pulled out of a pond .
i play electronic versions of board games with my girls each night when i am away .
we do when i am home , we have a large horse ranch .
i am short too , only five foot .
i am laughing , but i have been there .
my name is mia , yours ?
hello . i am so tired from all of this studying .
i am still working towards my degree .
lol . . i am going to be a history teacher .
me and my father were both in the military , so history is important to me .
oh wow . that is awful to hear . i am so sorry .
yes it does . my girlfriend is great . she keeps me positive .
she is a very positive person and always smiles .
yes . do you have a favorite food ? i eat tons of red meat . not healthy .
hi , how's it going tonight ?
pretty good , staying up too late watching about the hurricane . you ?
mostly jazz , i am a music major have class early tomorrow
i like them too . . . i am only going part time right now what do you do ?
ha ! i work retail to pay the bills too and to feed my chocolate addiction d
it is . but then you have to work out i need about a 40 hour day .
i live outside chicago , i like to skateboard but its going to get cold soon .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am well . i am currently getting ready to teach my yoga class .
yes , i got into yoga because i loved the peace it brings me , you ?
that is soo cool . you would get along great with my partner .
no kids yet . honestly , i like the alone time . ll you ?
awe , well your 10 year old sounds like great company .
i can only imagine , do you work ?
hey what are some things you like to do ?
being outside and staring at the sky while the clouds go by is my favorite .
i work selling snakeskin oil , getting a lot of free time is tough
what music do you enjoy listening to ?
i absolutely love Jacob Sartorius and would love to see him live !
i like going to weekend festivals .
that is so cool ! are you sponsored by anyone ?
hey there , where are you from ?
good , just working on stuff for class tomorrow .
i am living in nashville right now . i go to school down the street .
general academics and music . i play a lot of music .
yeah me too . i play country every weekend at the farmers market .
what do you like to do then ?
hello , would you like to go swimming ?
i hope your pool is outside and not inside since you have a giant house .
great . i much prefer being outside . i will bring my favorite music .
i listen to britney spears . all . day . long .
i will bring my pink swimsuit , my pink towel , my pink beach ball . . .
fun ! does it go fast ? the sooner i can swim the better .
i can swim in japan . i would love to ride in your pink ferrari .
i will answer if you let me bring my brit cd
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thank s for asking
i am scared as right now
i hear voices in my head
they do not ever say anthing nice
i have meds but i do not want to take them
wuss poppin b ? u into britney spears ?
its me ! damn , that is too bad . she my idol and inspires me
i am not sure . i would have to say b spears . what about you ?
that is disappointing . you ever watch a surgery live on youtube ?
nice . that is my kind of thing . just like pistachio ice cream . you like ?
damn . that is yum too . whats your favorite edged weapon
i love playing with those , and all edged weapons , like britney
she really touches me . i cant lie
hello , how are you tonight ?
that is great ! i listen to piano since i am learning to play
yeah , i was never a fan of it . my friends played it often .
i cannot have pets , i have allergies . mainly to cats, but I wish I could have a cat, they're so independent and mysterious.
i like jello , but it is not my favorite thing
i am a very avid member of the ymca , i go there every day !
oh wow , i could not do that for the longest time as a kid .
hi there ! how are you tonight ?
watching some cartoons . i like them .
oh . do you like jokes ? i enjoy simple ones .
not off the top of my head . i am tired .
i enjoy meat too . nothing better than a good steak !
i have not had venison in years .
what else do you like to do ?
i enjoy playing tennis when i have time .
nice day outside here today !
i get to enjoy every nice day since i won the lottery
i will never work again , i am set for life . feels great
i agree . i used to be a telemarketer , it was terrible
what is it like living with that ?
i like to travel . i can charter my own plane
you sound down and out
i love diving in the deep blue sea ! wanna talk about that !
it is the most amazing thing !
please do not laugh . i am a party planner .
hello , are you still there ?
i like going to bars and do stand up comedy .
i am from the kansas city area
hello how are you today ?
nice day to shop ! i actually just finished editing one of my short films .
yes . it is easier to access and covert my files when i am traveling overseas .
wow i travel a lot to participant in civil war reenactments , and to visit my mom .
ll ! yes they are . you might have heard of my mom . she is always in the news .
oh you might have seen her donating in texas recently with my sister blue ivy .
us carters and knowles stay in the news . i was in the news at least 6 times .
hello how are you today
where do you want to go the most
they have fires right now its sad
that would be nice . i might get my nails done while owen is in school
no just did that a few days ago . what do you do for a living
i sure will i am a stay at home mom my husband is a lawyer
yep just my son owen he just started first grade
yes i wish i could slow him down a little
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i like to use my hands , building things
mostly furniture , office and home
what are pouches ? u mean porches ?
what kind of music do you like ?
hi , how is it going today ?
that is terrible , i worry about injuries since i only drive a motorcycle
that is cool , where do you volunteer ?
awesome , i do model un human rights debates at my private hs
no time for fun here , too many college credit classes in school
true story , ahahah cannot wait for it to be over so i can go to europe
my parents immigrated and i want to go back and visit
they are watching the french news , thick accents everywhere ahahah
i hate standing in lines i swear
no not yet but later i will to chase justin
i do not want to work lol i want to chase justin
bieber duh lol how old are you ?
i just got out of high school
yes i am but i rather be his roadie
lol not much just think of him
hello ! how are you today
that is not good , i would hate to have family hate me .
i like to go out to dinner and chat with friends and family . what about you
you probably do not have many friends . do you like movies or books
i am more of a book , music , and long drives in the middle of nowhere person .
wow that is so neat ! i have read a book series about someone like that .
maybe you should try to go to dinner with them
or go to the movies . i love the movies !
hello how are you today ?
i will be doing a yoga class soon , i love fitness . how about you ?
i am 5 3 so i have to watch my weight being that short .
what do you do for a living ? i am in sales .
sounds great . are you religious ? because i am . god comes first for me .
that is okay god loves you anyway .
hi ! what do you want to be when you grow up ?
i am still in school , so not much time .
anything with animals and ponies ! i draw pennies all over my 3 inch binder ! you ?
if i were a bird , i would be very chatty . i talk a lot , some people say .
will my braces be in the way of calling birds ?
hmm , i hate my mom made me get those stupid braces !
hi how are you today
i am doing great ! i might go for a hike soon
i just go alone i love to its so relaxing . where are you from
i am in vermont . but i travel a lot i love national parks
i have been to 12 . yosemite is one of my favorites
no i do not i am an activist so do not have time
i support anything that helps the environment
good afternoon , how are you today
great , what do you do for fun ?
cool , i immigrated here from japan a decade ago
i teach high school and do some art classes
i wish i had some , but still single at 35
i have a hard time saying big words , probably why i am single
smoking opium , what is your job
hi how are you doing
oh no whats wrong with your school
yeah that is always annoying do you have a job
that is smart i love to make money
i have a boring job i am really only in it for the money
that is nice what color hair do you have
i have short blonde hair
how are you ? i been enjoying my art projects today !
fun ! my husbands been helping so well time spent . you married ?
oh how nice ! what are they ? i love cooking and spending time . . . friends and family .
yum , and concerts are fun . i have travel all over to see different bands .
that is awesome ! do you have a big family ?
i have six kids . my husband says i am one strong lady lol .
how many ? i love animals .
i wish i could multiply myself lol
i just have a lot of work to do
i had to get my own place when i was 14
yes i do i love animals
they are very loyal companions
i like to take mine to the lake or the beach
i want to live outside i like when people read me books
that would be awesome it really helps me relax
hello there , do you like people with colorful hair ?
i am glad to hear it ! my hair is a lovely shade of pink
i have never warped . maybe i should see if its big where i live , in grand rapids , mi
lol , nothing wrong with that ! maybe one of my 4 siblings would do it with me .
i wonder if being tall would help run away from bees . i am very allergic .
do they do a lot of carping where you live ?
hello there , stranger ! how are you ?
i am ok actually . had a pretty good day . what are you up to ?
nice ! well , for a career i am actually a party planner . on the side i am a comedian .
i bet they would . i have been gravitating towards more family friends material .
sure , why not . i can try and get you free seats .
lets see . when are you two next free ?
well , during the week i am swamped but during the weekends i try and perform .
well , i have a show coming up in two weeks .
hey , how are you . i am a man that has many hobbies ? do you have hobbies ?
you are a teacher , wow . same here .
yes , it is and it is located in a major city .
what subjects do you teach ?
so , do you live in an urban area ?
wow , that must be impressive to do .
hello ! how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
oh how nice . what do they enjoy ? are they good at it ?
good . what do you do for a living ?
scientist . i study mosquitoes .
i do . i really feel like i am doing something useful .
its definitely work . sometimes they refuse the prepared blood . then i have to offer my arm . itchy !
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs myself
what kind are you thinking ?
hi there , how are you doing ?
pretty good . what do you do for fun ?
cool . i love cooking elaborate meals for my friends .
i am a vegan too , awesome .
i love art . bob ross is my favorite . how about you ?
sweet . whats your job ? i am an accountant .
awesome . that is the truth . how long have you been one ?
hi there , how are you today ?
wow , i only have a few friends from my sewing group
sewing is how we connect , but sometimes i think they just love my baking .
my main hobby is hunting for food , but i am a really good baker yes
not really . i really do not have too many friends at all
i am sorry ! would you like to join us in our sewing group ?
you do not need one . you can share mine
hi , i just got back from rock climb , how are you today ?
i getting ready to start working , i am writing a novel .
i am writing about living a gluten free life .
i enjoy the gym as well , and i love animals
i would be the old lady with all the cats in the neighborhood .
have you tried going gluten free ?
i have black hair i want to dye it pink , what is your hair color ?
i want to stand out so i figure pink is the way to go
hello
just got off of work so i am pretty tired . how are you ?
oh really ? what are you cooking ?
that is fairly easy to make . i am heating leftovers waiting for my wife to get home .
unfortunately i do not have much time for hobbies . what about you ?
so I am guessing you are not a fan of it . ll
hey , how are you doing ? watching football ?
awesome , i was planning to go fishing today but decided against it .
do it soon because it is getting cold . grilling up a cheeseburger right now .
never gone ice fishing . i am a mechanic so not enough money to travel that far .
study hard and be successful ! i never found anyone to live with me as a mechanic .
so that must be why we both love fishing !
good luck with that ! and good luck to the steelers !
yeah , same here . and fingers crossed the giants lose again tonight !
hi how are you today
haha . . . i love that . i enjoy dressing up to go out to the club too
i am sorry that stinks . . . my girlfriend understands that i am shorter
i am sorry my girlfriend is not always the best but i lover her alot
i hope to play hockey but i have not yet . . . that would make me happy with myself
i do like to to run alot however i need to get a procedure soon
getting this procedure but i am currently saving up for it
thank you for the advice
what are your plans for today ?
cats are so adorable ! you are a good person
so cool . i pretty much spend time being a gamer
what do you do to keep busy ? i love learning
what is your career ? do you have any favorite foods ?
oh yummy . i love chocolate cake and also chicken if it is fried
i hear you . do you have any brothers or sisters ?
i am the youngest . must be very different having younger siblings
hello . what do you do
nice . i don't work much . i mostly just read books
no , no kids as i wanted to be a nomad my whole life
anything but country music . health condition ?
wow another charlie fan . twins ? that's a health condition
john wayne newton , certainly . . . pro baller in another life ?
i'm not sure i just know i like the cold . you ?
no apparently i just a book worm
hi ! my name is tao and i live in canada !
i do , i am a dental assistant . what kind of activities do you like ?
haha yes cheap restaurants are good ! like mcdonalds ! i love their fries !
checkers too , but other than that i do not eat much fast food
oh tacos ! yes ! and hamburgers ! i guess we are foodies lol
heinz ! I love shopping and finding a good deal, and they sell good mustard !
so where are you from ? my parents are from japan !
actually from osaka . I have only been once but it is beautiful ! have you traveled ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
great , it was a beautiful day here today .
i am a teacher and i love it ! you ?
i have two kids and two dogs .
yes , i have a very full schedule ! do you have any pets ?
haha , i understand . do you live in a city or suburb or the country ?
i live in the suburbs of charlotte , nc
i do not like charlotte very much , its a terrible city .
say would you prefer to speak in english or french ?
sounds good to me , i do not know how to speak french anyways . only read it
ba dum chh . i like your style . read any books ? i once read 3 in a week !
i have been known to play . . rocket league is something i consider to be my side project
nice shot ! its been good . tell me more about the games you play
you what gets me going ? that dr . seuss
i do not like them , sam i am . .
which kind ? chinese , thai , mexican food ? you can be honest with me . safe place
what are you up to this evening ?
did you just come in from playing sports ?
i just got done sewing a new shirt
i have no time for tv being an art teacher
oh really what are you getting your degree in
it really does which is why i love to sew my own clothing
oh wow do you like to visit thrift shops ?
what is good for morning sickness
3 . 6 months and counting twins and 3 kids already
not yet trying to decide if i even want to know
i cant even imagine that why do not you talk to them
so they refuse to communicate or do you not have the time for them
check out scapegoating on google maybe this is what is happening
its a real thing you deserve respect and to be loved everyone does
you are welcome ! i hope you find peace
hi , how are you ?
pretty good . went on a nice hike today . what are you up to ?
i am not a huge fan but now and then . what do you do for work ?
cool , what music ?
awesome . i do some really strange jobs and i am able to listen to music a lot .
all different weird jobs , mostly by myself , driving , or fixing stuff
awesome . family important to me too . i have 3 siblings .
hi there . i am a translator by trade .
i speak three languages but its not what i want to do for a living .
spanish german and cantonese . i really want to be a writer .
french is a beautiful language .
indeed . which is the language i write in . my novel is almost done .
i quit my job to focus on finishing it . i am going to put it on amazon .
its about a boy who lives in the parks catacombs .
i meant to say paris . and its a thriller . he scares tourists out of their valuables .
hi , how are you doing today ? i just left the doctors office where i work at .
i want to be a dental hygienist so i am studying for it . how about you ?
sorry to hear that . seeing patients saliva grosses me out and i hate it .
maybe i should do tattoos since i have thorns on my toes i did myself .
yeah , and my right ankle is a tattooed rose . do you have any ?
very true . anything you want to tell me about yourself ?
they are pretty high , but so far i have been lucky to be able to pay them .
hi
i am good thank you , how are you
nice ! how old are your children ?
i do not have children at the moment
and cheetos at the moment !
no , i do not have much time for tv
hi , how are you ? how was your summer ? mine was pretty boring .
sounds awesome , i am looking forward to winter though . i love everything about the cold .
it gets cold here in alaska too . my dream is to live in iceland , by a volcano .
what kind of music do you like ? my tastes are pretty weird haha .
oh cool , retro gaming ! i am more of a console gamer myself .
yea between that , and working on cursive writing , my weekends are pretty busy .
i am waiting for something extraordinary to happen , but most days are work and rest .
hi there how are you doing today ?
that is the worse . is it because it is hot outside ?
oh no ! are you okay ?
i am from nashville , home of country music which i love . and you ?
that sucks , i am currently going to college .
tennessee state , trying to get a better job other then my lame one .
you know it ! studying hard . what do you do for a job ?
hello how is it going
do you have some asperger i know i do
i have a really great memory
although i am genuine i hate small talk
i take any and everything like so literally
i am about to start a new job its helping me learn about socialization
i am so awesome on all levels
i look at myself in the mirror to make sure that i still look good
hello i am todd , how are you ?
that is awesome ! i am only 8 .
i do not work yet , but i want to be a superhero when i get big
reading comic books , i love them . what about you
superman can protect you he is my favorite .
ll well then . what time is it there
hi , i have 5 dogs , do you have pets ?
cool , hope you have your kids . i have daughter lily
yes , i named her after my favorite perineal
arizona , above my job at the doctors office .
interesting , i like to read as a hobby , and you ?
random singing , you do not have to be good if you like it .
yes , you should do it more . and karaoking too .
no , at a doctors office doing data entry .
hello . how are you doing today ?
what has made your day so tough ?
i am so sorry . how long did you date ?
that is a long time . never know , he may have done you a favor .
that is a good way to look at it . do you have hobbies ?
i like to make cakes and also enjoy horses .
not really . i just really like to create .
i think so too . what state are you from ?
hello , how are you ? my name is eric . i am excited to get to know you !
i am in the army . i am ranger . it is the greatest job ever ! what about you ?
great ! what do you want to do with your future ?
neat ! my wife teaches dance classes back in the states !
what year in high school are you ? what else do you like to do ?
i have two daughters so i know all about disney princesses !
that is my younger daughters favorite !
it is nice to be deployed . gets me away from princess talk and conventional life .
hi there . how are you ? where are you ?
i have been there , i get around . my mom might have work for you there .
that is sweet , like the color red . what do you look like ?
yes ! god rocks . do you have a droid phone ?
i do not like that . do you own a house ?
i am still at home , it is shameful . our house is so small .
how do you listen to it ?
hello there , i wanted you to know that my mom and dad were teachers .
my mom was a history teacher , my dad was a shop teacher .
that is nice . do you like kids ? i have two . a boy and a girl .
ll i had two cats and i would try to put make up on them .
not really , they would get mad at me
wow you are serious about make up
i watch youtube to learn new hunting skills
i know . its the how to go to for everyone .
what are your plans on this beautiful day ?
great . i am going to take pictures to do of the beautiful outdoors
green , like the beautiful grass and nature
no i do not . i need one though , especially because my husband died recently
it really helps me by taking pictures . makes me feel better . one day I will be famous
i will . you seem like such a great person, if I could, I would dye my hair purple just like yours.
do you have anything else to tell me about yourself ?
old movies are great . much better than what is out there right now
hello ! how are you doing this fine morning ?
well , honestly kind of depressed . so i am just watching the kardashians .
not sure . being an out of work farm hand because the farm foreclosed sucks .
well its better than being unemployed in kansas . i guess it could be worse too .
oh wow ! that must be awesome . where are yall from ?
nice . i want to move somewhere warmer like maybe california .
how are you doing today sir ?
what about purple hair do you love ?
how old are your tattoos ?
where did your family move to ?
where do you see the dead people ?
i definitely would call the police if you think that is the case
wow that is not a nice thing to say to somebody
i would definitely do that if I were you
hello hello ! how are you this morning ?
oh nice ! what would you make , if i may ask ?
ironically i also love to cook . its a passion of mine .
really ? so you are a teacher ?
that is still pretty cool . is it hard to do ?
yes , twice baked potatoes ! or homemade spaghetti sauce .
hmm , you can always add some ground beef or chicken to it , too .
oops ! then maybe an egg plant parmesan dish ?
hello how are you this evening ?
not sure what you mean
so sorry i know what that is like
i love animals i spend time volunteering at the animal shelter
do you enjoy football ? i love it
cool . i plan on traveling and finding out about new cultures
japan is one place i want to go
it is beautiful . i am a veteran and was there in the military
you wanna go see the new star wars flick when it comes out ? my favorite !
we will have to play it by ear b c the slavemasters at cmds do not tell me my schedule .
my buddy works at walmart too . i go there after work to play videogames with him .
yeh . and no hangover in the morning . i am on a flag football team come weekends .
between practice and work and everything , i never have time for my pet iguana named sophocles .
lets sneak him into the star wars movie ! ! !
tee hee hee . alright , so i will give you a ring once i know my schedule .
hi how are you doing ?
are you enlisted right now ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what kind of music do you like ?
do you have any pets ?
how long have you been married ?
how did you guys meet ?
hi ! what are you doing ? i am singing terribly as we chat .
i work at a local diner as a short order cook . i wish i could bake .
no but i went hiking on the appalachian trail during this summer .
i do both . i am also a writer of romance books under a pen name .
yes , 10 to date ! do you like grateful dead ? when they toured i followed them .
i do . i have dogs too . i prefer dogs over cats . what about you ?
no , just worked with them . not a fan of their music .
i do . it is a great thing to know whether you are young or old .
how are you today ?
that is nice . i am looking for a job . i am in marketing .
i would love to market that . i have my business degree . where are you ?
great ! i am out east too but my family is out west . i miss them .
marketing is much harder out west .
well i recently graduated undergraduate out east , so all of my connections are here .
what do you like to do other than making soap ?
hi , how are you ? what are you doing ?
what games ? i love madden . . . or just football anything college , nfl , i play in a fantasy league
all of my friends here in georgia play the multiplayer for that all the time
i am reading a good fiction book about a father and son running at the track
my book is a sci-fi horror story , i love fiction horrors . . . i hope that you are careful
oh , you have a lot of problems it sounds like , at least you have a son
oh , hopefully time slows down for me then
yea i guess that is not going to happen
hi ! how are you ?
great ! its hot , so i am thinking about heading for a swim in a bit .
i am in ca . my mom is american and my dad from india .
nothing now . i do like to cook , so i will be looking for a related job .
what are you going back for ? cosmic studies ? you saw the world already .
one of the big ones in vegas ?
hi there i am kat
i am good for the most part
oh what are you watching ?
i have heard of it but never watched it
i use to draw a lot , but most of my free time goes to my daughter
oh cool what genre you listen to ?
i listen to a little of everything depending on the artist but mainly rap and hip hop
do listen to wayne and eminem ?
hi . . how are you doing . .
good . . on a break today from work
i drive my own truck
its fun sometimes . . boring sometimes
hope so buddy . . how is ur work ?
lol . . that is a good way of saying
i am big fan of elvis
hello tell me about yourself
what do you do for a living?
I am a college student
mostly listening to music... you?
where are you from?
I am terrified of snakes
spiders creep me out too
where are you from?
hello how are you ? do you drive ?
wow that is nice to be creative ! i am 32
what kind of plants do you grow ? are you on a diet ?
my diet consists of whole foods but no garden though .
i try . i am married and my husband is very healthy
i do not work i stay home . do you work ?
that is very cool ! what kind do you make ?
hey ! i am here dancing and eating pizza !
always ! i went shopping today for new shoes .
i can take you shopping in paris . it is not so wide open .
i would love some shrimp scampi like how they make it at red lobster .
are . you . serious ? i am so impressed
can you come cook for my party ?
most definitely . chanel ? louboutin ? gucci ? let me know what you want .
shopping is always fun
hi , how are you today ?
i am okay . been fighting with my gf . she keeps threatening to leave .
do you like john grisham ?
i love his movies , but not so much his books .
no , i only speak english .
no , i am already in pjs .
i live in south carolina . you ?
hey . how is your night going ?
i am good . just got done working at target .
it was good , except i did hit my head on a light , being 5 7 has its cons .
i am fine . my hobby is playing with my dog , he gets a biscuit every day .
i am glad my house in california has tall ceilings . lol , do you have hobbies ?
awesome car ! do you like movies ? i try to watch a movie every other month .
that is cool . better invite me over
hey , how are you doing ?
really ? i have heard it's great ! i recently read a book about it !
yum ! was it a date ? i have never been on one
that is cool ! I spend a lot of time with my adopted dogs
no , I prefer to read and write . I have even written a book
i am not sure ? the book was about my favorite actor's life
hello . my name is rob . i am tall and well built . how are you ?
that is great ! how often do you go to church ?
i do not . i went when i was a child with my parents .
i do play basketball and i also do gymnastics . it is great to keep fit .
it is a young person sport but you are never too old to try !
i am 36 and still lift weights . do you work ? i am a scientist .
i have a degree in criminal justice . do you like music ? the beatles are my favorite .
nice . i would love to hear what your husband thinks about the las vegas incident !
hi how are you doing
i am good just getting back from a run
i stay at home with the kids so i have extra time
i try to stay very organized
i cook a lot for my family
that is kind of weird hear anything interesting ?
that is cool have you been with her on set
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any other hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
hi there ! are you having a nice night ?
watching football . i watch all the Alabama games.
i do as I am a student at Alabama University .
geology is my major . what do you do ?
just school . i have social anxiety so I do not go out much .
no . with a roommate who drinks a lot . i never had a drink before .
he has a really good voice . i have seen him on tv before .
i hope you enjoy the rest of your evening .
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am just a stay at home pet mom , i love my gods and parrot .
after my knee surgery i lived with my mom for awhile .
probably go to bingo and maybe hit up jazz fest .
that sounds like a good time . my parrot sings disney songs .
i think it really annoys my husband .
i am athletic .
family is important to me , so we enjoy sports together .
yes , i am . aside from this ? yes .
receptionist . how about you ?
i hope you find one soon . what kind of work are you into ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
hello , how are you today ?
oh no ! how did you lose your shoes ?
wow . . . where do you live ?
nah , plans with the boys tonight . dart tournament and foreign beers .
what ? that is ridiculous ! where are you from ?
what kind of music ? if it is classic rock i might have a change of heart .
i do not even know what that is .
lol , you seem to lose a lot of things .
i wish i could live on the beach ! city living is rough . . .
sounds academic ! my parents are teachers , so i have lots of experience with that . . .
broadway is fun , but my preference is nascar ! woooooo
that is cool ! you know what makes everything better ? eating mcdonald !
wow , really ? ? ? best time eating mcdonald while watching nascar
your cat sounds cool ! that name , though . . .
good evening , how are you ?
doing well . tired . worked all day at my music store .
i hear ya . i was in a band for almost 2 decades . wipes you out .
me to . i spend my spare time as a animal rights activist .
well , i do research for animal testing and blog and printing about it .
yes , there is no need for it in the 21st century .
i totally agree with you .
yes , both my folks are in a church choir .
hi there . i am a waitress .
i love movies . especially disney .
a diner . its near my parents , i live with them .
i have read lots of books about motorcycle clubs . i love reading .
that is way too fast for me .
i think i will stick to soccer .
i try not to fight but i am pretty tough .
hello i am big into music minus country . what makes your day vivid
i would travel the world and see the sites if i could . other countries have amazing views
nice i am big on books and to see where some authors got their inspiration would be amazing
i take care of elderly , so i am all about music and stories of our past
that is awesome i love yoga just not hot yoga lol i am not keen on hot weather
i am always trying new foods and mixing them like asian fusion is my favorite
alas not so much , but my close friends and family do enjoy my blends
hi how are you tonight
i can not wait to go to london some day
my brothers and i play soccer usually
that is cool i love to read
those are very interesting hobbies
i love guns can i join
that is true some things pay bills other help us have fun
i always like to invest but this is different
hi there . i am french and now canadian
thanks . but i love to read
i love to read stephen king books
that is nice . i love jazz too
wow . that is new . lets ride sometime
thanks . twas nice speaking with you
hi . tell me about you .
i am not tall at all
that is nice . i do not like tomatoes . i need a wheelchair
it is . but i am a woman so it is not too bad
ok . i love life . i love sugar .
great ! love is good . always
i love this . lol . so funny
so , you have alot of cats
hey , i just got back from fishing . how are you ?
what kind of games do you like ?
i do not have any pets . do you like going to the creek ?
i usually go to just drink beer fish .
what kind of fish would you catch ?
i catch sunfish because they are pretty , cannot eat them though .
i really want to go to new york . its my fav . how are you ?
cool . i just finished my run . i love running . it calm me
i need to do that now . just made me a steak .
we could . i mean my wife left me and work as a lawyer
nope just me . i am so lonely
we definitely should meet up . maybe i go to new york
hello , how is your evening going ?
great ! i just got done eating some pizza and i am reading a novel .
a suspense novel called , the cabin . i read a lot since i live alone .
my mom lived with me for a short time when she was recovering from cancer .
she is so strong ! a real true survivor .
are you still in school ? what is your favorite subject ? science was mine .
what are you up to today ?
i do not have to work anymore , thank goodness
i am an older woman , but i do get my exercise
no i wish ! i could buy lots of toys for all my grandkids . all 8 of them
oh i do . they remind me of music back in the day
i do not work anymore , so i do not have the money to
musicals were a lot more common back then . and yes i do !
lindsey stirling ! she is amazing
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am from california , have you ever been ?
do you have any pets ?
yes i have 10 cats myself
i am a lady so i guess cat lady
hi how are you doing this evening ?
my mother who lives with me helped me cook a delicious meal tonight
this morning i worked out in the garden planting some fall flowers
i love vegetables . . . thankful i do
i do like ford f150s . do you have any pets ?
wow ! i have a little lizard that i named ragini, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot named Picasso.
i have never shopped at american eagle
hi what are you doing
planning my next lake trip
any where is possible , i have to get my paddle board repaired first
fun , what color is your moped ?
what type of music do you love ?
i hate the cold , in fact the only state i never visited is alaska
i bet , i prefer being warm
hello ! have you ever heard of radiohead ?
mine too ! my husband and i just got home from one of their concerts .
that is super cool . where were you serving ?
well thank you for your service . what do you do now ?
i actually own a marketing consulting agency . nothing too crazy but i am proud .
yeah , i have two brothers and one sister . i am the oldest of the crew . you ?
yeah , i have a wonderful husband and two lovely sons
hey there how are you ? my fav color is green yours ?
yes an the holidays , do you like to workout ?
really ? well i run like forest .
lol ever seen forest gump ? i work in an office that is boring
that is really cool i bet it is always fun
it just depends where you are i love national parks
gotcha but it is such a cool job , i just play games online .
hello , do you have any kids ?
yes , i have a couple of them . i love sharing their pictures on facebook .
that is interesting . what do you do for work ?
i am an animal doctor . i love my work . what kind of food do you like ?
i really enjoy mexican food . it is my favorite .
i honestly love any kind of social media , youtube included .
i also like to watch animal videos . goats are so cute and funny !
oh , i love that . do you like to walk him during the summer ?
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great , thanks ! excited to ride my motorcycle today ! what are you excited for ?
cool ! i also like archery ! what kind of music do you like ?
i love jess greenberg ! what do you do for a living ?
i got a job cleaning gutters this week ! ! !
heck yes ! my doctor said i should not eat carbs , but i do anyway .
that is too bad ! ! you are missing out !
hi how are you today
where do you work at
is that very hard then
yeah do you eat then
that makes sense then yeah
i do not do you then
nice where do you live
i am in nashville love country
hi how are you today
i am good where do you live
did you know they just let girls join now ?
i agree those boys were probably lost
and which are those then
wow i can do english alright
i live in ny too oh wow
i was born in syracuse , go orange
hey there i wish i knew how to sleep in , how are you ?
i write an i train horses
yes i do , i am just trying to find my way
writing is what i like to do , whats in the pond ?
that is cool i just deal with the horses .
yes it actually is , whats yours ?
oh okay that is cool i never rest .
whats up party monster ? how goes it with you ?
watching some stand up comedy on netflix .
i am an actor . i mostly do children's plays for this local theater group . you ?
oh rad . are you doing any cool skynet stuff i should be worried about ?
chicago has a great improv scene ! ever take a class ?
oh , do you do any performing ? i love getting out there and meeting people .
well , what do you want to know ? haha ?
i listen to a lot of comedy music stations on pandora . like bo burnham .
do you go to ymca ? how about scary movies ?
as a ymca member , i can get free tickets to scary movies .
what type of diner ? do you like music ? i love the piano .
still learning to play the piano though . . .
i am not working now , but would like to be a pianist
sorry to heard that , i have issues with cats
it gives me allergies , we all have our short comings .
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i should listen to that . i have been pretty depressed lately .
maybe . my girlfriend took off with and married my best friend .
yes . do you have any hobbies ? i like to hunt ducks and tailgate .
me too ! i have never traveled in an airplane .
lol . do you work ? i operate my family farm .
that is very nice of you . it is good to volunteer .
too busy on the farm for that . when it slows down , i sleep .
do not forget to vote next month and support your local democrats .
okay , no politics . want to swim in my pool instead ?
yoga ? yo no . i would rather fish and cook whatever i catch . all i eat .
no , but i do cool tricks in my pool . i am like an acrobat fish .
i would like to get one one day . or an eagle , to match my perfect vision .
true . wish i were taller like my parents . how tall are you ?
a guppy i see , just like my . my mom and dad were over 6 feet . sheesh .
hi there , i am hanging out with my brothers kids , joe and mike .
it is . i grew up milking cows and tending chickens so i teach them .
my bro is in the military , talk about building character !
i need to run in order to relax .
i do . i am big into country music . do you listen ?
well it is the best genre there is .
this is true , you redneck haha .
i am a wuss and go to planet fitness .
hi ! how are you doing ?
great ! are you a fan ? me and mr . pickles are fine here .
its a cat . do you have any pets ? any hobbies other than music ?
wow ! any blue flowers for my beautiful rose garden ?
do you do any sports ?
i hear you ! i am not good with balls either , but i swam for my college team .
how about coffee ? do you like coffee ? what kind of food ?
hey there . how are you ?
oh , sounds exciting ! are you a runner ?
oh great . do you have any kids ? i have a 10-year-old son
maybe you can help me get a job as a music teacher after retirement
great . do you need a piano player ? i could liven the mood
that is awesome . i can teach you piano one day , could be fun !
its easy ! i taught my entire graduating class to play in 1986 . when did you graduate ?
like i said , 1986 ! you gotta listen !
hi
what do you do ?
ima stay at home mom . where are from ?
what kind of dance ?
are you retiring from ballet
any hobbies ?
hi there i will try to make this quick
i read a lot . i enjoy used books most
never seen it before but i do love cats
no i am employed by my local florist
no i have not . always wanted to though
i love all the costumes and make up
i appreciate all walks of life
i am also a movie buff . i eat my vegan snacks and watch classics
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am ok , just sealed a deal on a new place so that is exciting
what do you like to fow
is spot your dog ? i only have a cat
wow ! i have a neighbor with a koi pond , but his is always dirty
really ? i had no idea ? is it about like good bacteria or something ?
i guess that is true , so you want to fake a real pond ?
you want your man made pond to be like a natural pond ?
hello . how are you tonight ?
that is cool . no pets . my orange county chopper is my baby .
between motorcycles and archery i am broke all the time .
i actually just got a job cleaning gutters . actually good money at the right house .
what kind of dance ? i could dance , it would burn the carbs my dr hates .
i play bass in one metal band and guitar in another . true story there .
play bass in ave imperator and guitar in deceased inside .
please do . if you like metal most definitely check us out .
hi there . wanna chat ?
that is too bad . i am super social . i love cooking for family and friends .
i am so sorry . we all have our demons . i am super obsessed with my ex .
i like cats . . . but love men more .
i would love to have so many men in my life . i must have daddy issues . haha .
well maybe you can get a job in publishing like me !
i wish i could work from home !
hi i am a mom with an 18yr son
cool i think animals are the best
he is old . i like vegan food u ?
no i give lots of money to animal rights and sign their petitions
cool u must love doing that i have 3 dogs
cool i have 3 cats also
na they hate that stuff but maybe i could like it
hey what are you up to today ?
about to hit up the gym for some racquetball . where are you from
i am pretty outgoing also . . i am from chicago . what do you do for fun
what are you going to school for ?
i went for criminal justice . i love forensic files on tv
i am basically a gym rat . . great escape from the world
why thank you ha . ha . do you enjoy music
how are you doing tonight
i am ok just watching the news about the hurricane irma in fl
not in fl but the other island got it bad
its crazy i am donating next month to all the islands that got hit. I wish I could donate more to the hurricane relief efforts in Florida.
i want to go down to fl and help
what are u bringing anything good
hi there , how are you today ?
i am doing good . just got back from a long run
i run a lot outdoors , and work outdoors sometimes
really ? i get a hardcore 8 hours of sleep every day ! haha
hamburgers ! my favorite all times of the day ! perfect electrician diet
what else do you like ?
you sound like a cool person
thank you ! you wanna share anything else with me ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am watching supernatural with my retriever , abby .
i do that with the walking dead when i am up working on a story .
i write fantasy novels . i am in advertising , it gets boring .
fried chicken is something i never eat , that is a heart attack waiting to happen .
chocolate cake is amazing , so is chocolate cheesecake .
it does , do you make your own ?
i love classical jazz very much
i am a man looking to become a model in hollywood
i beat urinary carcinoma when i was 18
i unitize the low carbohydrate diet plan
just recently i had an intimate lunch date with will ferrel
classical jazz is my very favorite music
hi , how are you tonight ?
not bad , sitting back and enjoying some old school blues .
i work for a textile company in their customer service dept . being bi lingual is a must !
that sounds cool . we do not have a lot of those in germany . i am from there originally .
what kind of music is popular in ny ? i personally love prince .
being puerto rican and chinese mixed rap is not really my thing .
blues mostly , but i also love prince
hi how are you doing ?
i am going to vegas tomorrow
i am from cali how about you ?
what did you go to school for ?
yes i did . i am a graphic designer
i like it but its not healthy to sit all day
do you have any hobbies ?
hi how are you today ?
i am great thanks for asking . where are you from ?
how were you affected by the recent weather ?
are you close to arizona ?
i am in the mid west . what do you like to do for fun ?
i enjoy playing classical music . do you like music as well ?
hello there ! hope everything is good today . .
yay ! what kind of game do you like ?
cool . do you like tv show ?
what is your favorite ? i like netflix shows
never watch those shows . is it more like a drama or action movie ? do you work ?
what kind of work is it ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just took a nap in my car
i live in my bmw after i dropped out of school have not told the parents
eh i am just one of those people that coast through life
where do you like to go
where the last place you went
hi how are you today
do you guys do gardening ?
what is it about huh
it sure sounds original i like it justin roland
wow that is quite impressive
yeah i think it was wrestling old jr
meow . i like to cuddle fluffy cats .
wow , do they travel with you ?
yeah , not the best for pets . i have been many places .
they do not offer those hobbies while serving overseas .
i will have to ask . the snow does not usually explode like i want it to .
that is a lot of shoes . i have some kitten slippers .
hi , my name is ayo from nigeria , born outside united state
that is cool , i have a very big family in texas , but i stay in arkansas
that is nice , which season do you prefer between summer and winter ?
i love fall also , its not always sunny .
sorry about that , i love eating nuts .
do you have a big family also ?
no , i am single , and i stay alone
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good , despite losing my job as a banker
maybe so ! do you work in the stock market ?
yeah , i hear ya ! you have any hobbies you like to do ?
i really like to dance
the branch i worked in had to downsize , so a few of us were let go
hi how are you this evening ?
i am good just relaxing playing some video games .
i do , country is my favorite .
i like collecting things that are red , it is my favorite color .
cool , i just dyed my hair purple . if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair purple like yours.
i have turtles . one is named penny and the other is jacque .
i would say a night owl . i like staying up late watching movies .
lol i love gone with the wind , what is your favorite movie ?
hi there . just got my 2000th signature from celebrities in a book .
i do , but i like snakes more . i have two .
cool . i keep sneezing . darn allergies . too much dust .
not anymore . are you a student ? i grow food organically . its all i eat .
mostly carrots , cucumbers , tomatoes . i have never been to maryland .
it is great to go outside and pick stuff for a salad .
how nice . i own a modestly small home . i love it .
hey , what do you like to do ?
my mom has a sweet gig at apple so love video games on ipad .
that would be cool . due to severe diabetes i cannot work .
i am a night owl too .
yes but yeezys are the ugliest shoes lol
yeah women love a nice dressed man .
hi how are you today
and what is that then
oh yeah that is a great podcast
mine is blue what about you
it is okay do you like food
yeah mexican is the best food
i do , i take the bus
i bet it feels good though
hi how are you doing today
i eat pretty much everything and you
i speak different languages fluently four of them
no but i m proud shins
what degree are you trying to finish
no i m just doing a volunteer work for boy scout for my son
how do you like it working over there
hi there . how are you ?
i am listening to some van halen .
yeah , it is . do you have a favorite color ?
mine is purple , and i love to wear it .
pretty much . do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy video games , especially dungeons and dragons .
i think i am pretty good at it .
are you in a relationship ?
hi there ! how is it going ?
how drunk will you be getting ?
i highly recommend not drinking then
my shirt . hinduism is difficult here in louisiana
lie , sorry if sacrificing your dog offends you . just let me practice my religion
love it . all the lights people just leave out for me to steal
well it helps pay for med school
i wish my job were a party
good morning ! my name is lance
ah perfect ! how are you ? i just had a fun chat with erika
ugh i am sorry , you should relax with some rolling stones and a soda like me !
omg i love pie ! i wish i ate healthier for my 3 kids
well you can do it later what do you do for fun ?
lol its naughty so i will not say , but i do like food and music !
ugh now i need to try it !
i am a matchmaker what about you ?
hi , i am not in a relationship
my mom calls me every day and it is awful
i really like rap music
me too , my job is a paramedic
no not really , i am still single
i know , i am going to try
okay i will really try and i like to fish
hi how are you today
me too my roommate is out
its a school night what a wild guy
awesome do you go to the beach
is yoga as fun as pizza ?
i would have to see it to believe it
hi how is your day going ?
when are you getting married ? my girlfriend is going to breakup with me
that to to bad . my parents like my girlfriend .
that sounds very cute . is it going to be big ?
wow , is it nice this time of year ?
congratulations ! do you like movies ?
mystery , john grisham are the best . i do not like his books .
hey , how are you today ?
i am great ! my friends are coming over later to play d d .
what are your plans for tonight ?
i loved my barbies when i was little .
hi , nancy ! what is your favorite color ?
purple ! i have like twelve purple shirts .
true ! in some cultures thirteen is quite lucky though .
yes , one older brother . he is taking me to a van halen concert later !
hi , i am rosa . whats your name ? where do you live ?
me too ! do you like music ? i love linking park , they are my favorite .
yeah ! they are cool too . do you work ? i have got autism so i do not do much .
oh , i like to write too . but not anything since high school . a salesmen . . .
i find with no experiences , its hard to be creative . i only play arcade games and music .
i just might try that . thanks for giving me the idea . hope you sell 15 washers tomorrow 1
hi ! i am gwyn . i live at home with my family , 3 dogs and parrot .
www i am sorry to hear that ! i hope it gets better for you . my family the world !
keep the faith ! do you enjoy jazz music ? i do from childhood .
pop is cool , too . what about bingo ? my husband and i play every wednesday .
i have a metal knee that keeps me from doing homework . . . . hhahahaha
i was chasing a rhinoceros through new york city . . . . . while eating ice cream .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am watching my favorite movie right now
its called the last of the mohicans .
i work at a diner as a cook
what kind of music does your band play ?
i love music , especially gospel music
no , i cannot play any instruments . what do you play ?
that is cool ! i wish i could play the ukulele
hey , names jess and have been tired lately been getting 3 hrs of sleep
working long hours . taking care of myself , no family to speak of
yeah , well with my intellect i want something better .
i like mac n cheese
do you travel ? i travel alone a lot of the times . i love it .
the car i have is a 2013 nissan sentra . i love that car ! !
not much of a sports person .
oh wow ! ! that is awesome ! what else do you do ?
hello . do you surf ? any chance i get i go surfing !
funny ! do you like music ? the muggers is my favorite band
that is country music correct ?
it is the assigned character to the left haha i have no idea
but i do know that i have bizarre dreams
do you have a significant other ? one partner is something i can not be locked down to
do you have a job ? nobody knows about the passive income i earn !
hey . what is going on with you tonight ?
i am working on some school papers .
i go to union college , my goal is to be a teacher .
mom , dad , brother and i are from syracuse . how about you ?
cycling , great . i am more of a fan of watching the bills with the family .
me too . that will make it easy when i go to study english in spain .
i have to think about that . i would miss using my season tickets to see the bills .
oh i absolutely love pizza , so i can relate .
i am rich baby ! like you would not freaking believe !
i used to be a dumb telemarketer making 12 hr . how much do you need ?
i can paypal you some , i hit for over forty freaking million dollars .
i will never punch a clock again and all you can think about is ice cream ?
four dogs ? are any of them undead ? zombie apocalypse starts with dogs
you wish your huso was a zombie ?
hi how are you tonight
i read books i do not watch movies though
yeah and i quit drinking recently
i am trying but it is hard
i love blue as well even my hair is blue
i am a starving artist
lol it seems like we could be
hi how are you today ?
just doing tings on the family farm
a whole farm . i cannot go to college because i run it
my girlfriend eloped w my best friend
do you ever go tailgating ?
have you ever been on a plane ?
greetings and salutations my friend
i am well . enjoying some r r from the navy station
i do on occasion . i love to read more though .
i am a naval officer . get to serve my country
all the time . it is my favorite hobby .
its alright . do you watch the voice ?
i enjoy a good swim . how about you ?
hello ! how are you today ?
fun . i am playing with my iguanas .
cool . what is the name ? mine are sassy and shine .
my brother likes dr . pepper too . i can not afford soda .
sounds interesting . i want to train dogs to read .
that is why i think with training they can read ! one day .
i like chicken . what do you like to eat ?
hi there ! how are you ?
i am doing well just sitting here with my cat , charlie !
wow ! that is a handful ! you must have a great job .
i work as an artist !
i would love that ! i could have a charity auction at night .
i agree ! i love pizza , but i should probably cater the event !
and i could wear my new hoop earrings i just got !
do you do have any other hobbies ?
hi how is your night ? i am just relaxing with my orange cat .
i am good . i had tacos for dinner , my favorite . what did you have ?
sounds good ! funny story , my fiance said i asked for tacos in my sleep last night .
gizmo . she is a tiny cat . 4 . albs full grown .
we are yes , we are watching people of earth, but I wish my cat liked watching Game of Thrones with me.
i have never watched it before is it good ?
hello there , how are you ?
i love sports too ! last month i joined a soccer team
what position do you play for hockey ?
i got positioned as the goalie and i enjoy it .
i live in california usa
i love wearing nike cleats during soccer . they are my favourite .
i really love california too !
and that was very well said
i love mexican food what type of food do you like
i am a american nail tech mission and a home health aide
i love it because i get to work with people that remind me of my grandmother everyday
georgia i used to live in florida i miss the
how long have you been away
i understand my 17 year old just had his first baby and i missed it
trayvon and i cannot wait to meet
i will do my best as being a grandparent far away
this place is starting to smell like brownies , they are almost done !
i wish i were in California ! i miss flip flop weather .
what were you reading ? i love comedies .
i am gonna be a vampire for Halloween . my freckles are so hard to cover with makeup .
photograph them , please correct the spell .
i need to call my best , she is in Tanzania .
yeah , we try to connect once a week while she is there .
oh ? what did you get ?
hello ! how are you ?
good thanks . what is your favorite color ? mine is black
close enough ! that would be fun while jamming to rock music which i like
married with 6 kids ! what about you ? i love cars , mine is black
i do too . black on black , wearing my black clothes with my black purse
not at all just love the color black . i do not like do black make up though
yes , 6 . do you have kids ?
hello how is it going
cool beans i started intern at construction site to be a welder next week
you should film the roller coasters i love riding them
i try not to think of my father he left us when i was 5
roller coasters always make me feel better .
that will be awesome cedar point take pictures will on them
yes for this halloween that would be awesome
yes , does not that sound like do much fun
hi how are you doing
i am good sad that beach season is almost over
oh no it sone of my favorite things to do
no that is one place i have not been yet
me too what part do you want to visit
that is nice it sounds pretty there
where do you live now
hey , how are you today ?
i am doing well . i am driving my yellow convertible
oh wow . i was not serious
that is okay i am at work
i am a life guard
that is awesome . i love to read
i live with my fiance
he has two children . i sing katie perry in the shower
hi how are you ? tell me about yourself ?
do you have any pets ?
i would love to have a big dog . do you like dogs ?
i volunteer at an animal shelter , but i am too short to walk the big dogs !
haha ! what kind of food do you like ?
i love Italian food , but i cannot really cook . i mostly eat at my favorite restaurant .
i have terrible vision and have to wear contacts ! not really a quirk .
that is crazy ! how does she fit them all in her house ?
what are you doing today ?
what type of wares do you have ? i got back from a drive in my prius
i am . i love nature in general . volcano hikes are breathtaking
you should go with me sometime . do you happen to be a canadian woman ?
i am a gardener . sometimes the best water for the roses is a little urine
you should try it some time . it is worth it
i have never gone to college
only if i can go to canada where the hot girls are
hey how's it going today?
nice do you write poetry as well?
if you wrote poetry I would read it.
I would hike often but I am always working.
I am sorry to hear that person 2, I really am.
I just fed my dog some beef jerky.
nice this beef jerky is very spicy. So do you read? Watch movies?
at least you're doing what you love.
hi . i just finished up with my latest creation as a digital artist . you ?
i love animals . what are your hobbies ?
i enjoy reading outside in our garden . my husband is an author .
sounds like fun ! my twins would think i was cool lol .
cool ! it seems like you live a very free life . i like that .
no worries . i knew what you meant .
hi there , how are you ?
doing good . what do you do ?
that sounds fun . i always imagine god painted the earth like it is .
been in sales all my life , also a fitness guru . thanks to god for all of it
i put god first and i know he'll lead me to another adventurer one day
cannot wait to have kids . raise them to be carefree , fun loving , free-spirited people like me
yes , I love movie time . always loved basketball too , but i am only 5 foot 3 !
i love comedy , and christian movies , you ?
hello , i am taking a quick break from incoming . how are you ?
you may have an allergy . i see that quiet frequently in the emergency room .
i love to read , too . just finished fifty shades of gray .
give me a dr pepper and a cozy corner and a racy romance and i am in heaven !
there is always diet . it does not taste too bad , either .
i could get you some good links to diet programs , if you need to lose weight .
you could also try some different hairstyles or even makeup to minimalize that .
besides , its the person you are , not how you look , that counts . you seem nice .
hi there . my name is danielle ! what is your name ?
a bit tired . getting up at 4 am will do that to an er nurse . how are you ?
i am sitting in my own apartment eating pita bread with hummus . yum !
yes it is , i am a mother of three and they loved playing outside today .
i admire that ! i struggle with bipolar so do not think i would be cut out for the role .
go for it ! i will stick to my motherly duties . i would like to have another child next year
hey ! how is your day ?
good ! my computer speaks what you say because i a can not see
yes , it has . i even drove a car ! it was crazy !
i listened to what my friend told me to do . lol
very unsafe . i never did it again . what do you do ?
that would be fun to see everything .
i work as a dj . i am pretty good !
literally ! i dance with my cane to the music .
how are you doing today
what is your favorite thing
coffee is the best thing
i do not have too many . i am too old
i used to a long time ago
i am too old so now there is not too many people around
i take care of myself now
i like to knit and read and garden
how are you doing today
i am great waiting to go shopping
yes i am a chef
i am a chef for a small restaurant
i love to buy things with my kids
that sounds nice . how is it ?
why do you like the cold
i like spring and fall
hi , how are you doing ?
i am tired . my roomie loves to party and drink beer but i do not like it .
yeah , sometimes , not every night though . good thing i only work part-time .
yeah , you get to meet some interesting people .
mine is the koala . love them . what about you ?
nice . well , next party we will have to invite you since you like them .
hi how are you today ?
i am sorry you have a headache . i am studying for a test
for a math test i am a biology major at johns hopkins
a year but its gonna feel faster . what do you like to do in your free time
i like to read one of my favorites is 1984
those were good books . what do you like to eat
www i am sorry did you lose a lot
hi how are you today ?
that does not sound like fun . i am just cuddling my animals , i adore animals .
wow ! preschool teacher i take it ?
ha ha ! what do you do for fun ? i like hiking in the woods .
that sounds fun ! a good way to stay fit too , i love to be fit .
nice , do you enjoy it ?
ha ha ! do you watch a lot of tv ? i only watch ted talks .
hi , what is your favorite color ?
i love purple . i wish i had a chevy tahoe . i drive a town and country .
my father preaches . he walked to his church every day . he refused to drive .
my dad always loved that i became a teacher . he never let me listen to music .
oh wow . i put my toddler in swimming lessons when she was 9 months old .
yes . i wanted to make sure she was not afraid of the water since so many people are .
that is awesome . now i cannot keep my daughter out of the pool .
i am jealous ! a heated pool sounds so nice . my pool is so cold .
hi ! are you in the 3rd grade like i am ?
play soccer , read asterix , and draw . what about you ?
i live with my younger brother and my parents .
i would hate that too ! are you american ? i am french . i moved to america last year .
i do not have any . do you ?
wow ! i do not have friends . hopefully i can make some in soccer and summer camp .
i hope so . what else can you tell me about yourself ?
maybe our families can meet up and go camping together ?
hi ! where are you from ? i live in baltimore
ok good to know . i am a clerk for a hospital . lots of filing
are you saying you accidentally had a child ? sorry to hear that
my mother had me accidentally when she was a prima ballerina then she worked a lot
are you attracted to very skinny mustaches ? i have one
i guess you do not like my mustache . sorry to hear
ok maybe we can meet in my hometown in maryland
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . looking forward to the sunset tonight .
what do you do for a living ?
same here . i get up every morning to see the sunrise .
i just makes you happier .
that is so very sad . i love my life .
are you in a relationship ?
i am single . hoping to find the right person one day .
what do you like to eat ?
my diet has to be vegan .
i do not fish . i never do .
i like to study philosophy .
i like those too sometimes .
i like sorry a lot .
i like to send people back to start .
hi there , how are you ?
oh no . why are you upset ?
ugh , that is so annoying . what kind of music do you like ?
i love blues and jazz . what do you mean by that ?
haha , cool . whats your profession ? i am studying to be a lawyer .
haha yeah . that is the goal . cool . whats your house like ?
hey , how are you doing ?
oh , where did you move to ?
oh cool . i am about to enter the police academy in a few months .
yeah , i am very excited .
oh cool . do you have any hobbies ?
i lift weights and watch mma .
yeah , i think i am in pretty good shape .
i am just here because i am an army ranger .
you can try again in seven years . my two kids are running then .
eh , i never ran for governor because i really do like long deployments .
i have collected a wife . she is back in the states .
bugs are nice , they help me on long deployments just in case i die for my country .
she does , she has two kids , one is mine and one is asian .
it was while i was on a long deployment away from conventional life .
hi how are you
most of my life is centered around the business I just started . you ?
oh is it boring ?
that is good I tried to find more of an office job , but had no luck
I sell items at local fairs
it's a lot of work to run a booth but fun to meet and talk to new people
what makes her interesting ?
oh that is nice of you . do you have any other family ?
hello how are you today ?
what kind of music are you listening to ?
what is your favorite game ? i like to draw in my spare time
i love basketball , i am a tall woman so basketball came natural
you are welcome . in greece my family loved to talk to people
that is good , we came here from greece in the 50s
it is , and of course my specialty is ethnic food cooking
i would love to cook for you
hi there , how are you ! ?
cool , i have a dog named drake . i named him after my favorite artist !
you like rap music too ?
awesome ! you interested in any instruments ? i play drums
do you play ? what other hobbies do you have ? i love to cook too
i can make a killer pizza ! !
haha ! well all this rap music has obviously gone to my head
haha ! that is too funny ! who is your favorite ?
i have an exciting opportunity for you .
you can invest in my new company ! you may get rich from it .
that is ok . my company makes video games and you can buy shares today !
i watch my boy play football . do you play sports ?
he is a wide receiver , the best really . we are so proud of him .
quarterback . he is not very good . he is adopted .
my wife is going back to school , she was recently let go .
i bet you do . what do you teach ?
hi there . how are you today ?
nice ! i teach third grade .
oh cool . i work at a private school .
that are really good actually .
tell me something about yourself . i am a vegan .
i am rather ocd . it is tough .
yeah , i see one every week .
since i was twelve years old .
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
pizza is my favorite food , only in usa ! great pizza
i love summer days , i am a transgender by the way
my gender is male , but i love to be female
i work in a gym , that is color purple , not my color
at 17 is when i became a female , glad you are a woman
great ! i love animals , what is your favorite animal ?
yeah , me too ! facebook is my favorite !
hello , i hope you are a good listener
i am unemployed . i decided to drop out of college last month .
that is awesome . i am currently living in my imported car near los angeles
ha ! i am in a bad relationship . people think i am a hopeless romantic .
my heart is on my sleeve and i am sad now
wow ! that is a good piece of advice .
any suggestions ? i do not know much about classical music .
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine ?
yes thank you my mother had to go to the hospital .
she had a growth i am familiar with the nurses and doctors .
yes i also have entirely to many bills .
oh were are you me too pizza sounds great . i am in jersey .
that is very far away yes it is getting very cold now keep a sweater on .
i once ran very fast then i can now . oh yes get a extra size .
i do not understand what i am going through
i am scared that my dad will reject me
i want to be a woman to feel them but i am not sure i like them
why what are you doing there ?
i am disabled so i do not do anything
you can say it because you are not me
how many did he catch ?
i do not like fishing i am vegan
good evening . how are you ?
hi dave . i am am ok . tired . i look after my mom and dad .
i like mcdonalds . also cake . i dislike vegetables .
how are things in the states ? i am in dublin ireland .
my folks live here with my sister , niece and nephew .
very cool ! i just turned 49 and am finally almost finished with my masters degree .
engineering . sounds like we are in similar fields .
you never can tell . it would be nice tho .
hey how are you doing today ?
i am great today , just reading up on god and his trust .
i have learned to hate the idea of evil mostly .
i want to be a higher power , and see above the norms of society .
i would love that , maybe convince my wife to get back with him , my heart hurts .
i will try my best , it is tough though , you must trust in him .
i wish it worked that way ! i want to be unselfish , i am too weak .
hello there how are you ?
just got done working at our family travel business . do you travel ?
lucky you ! going to barbados next month . have you been ?
have not been there yet . love traveling to jamaica though . that is the spot .
amazing ! yes , i plan to go there next year again . ca not stop .
that is an awesome family you got there . where are you from ?
how are you doing today ?
i am from the united states how about you
oh super cool do you make money online anywhere else ?
i know me too . i am going to keep asking around
where ? i am an artist i draw and sell my work on ebay
as long as you mix the script i think its fine i am pretty smart
i have chubby cheeks what do you look like ?
i do not like being in front of the computer for long periods of time
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
cool ! so where are you from ?
nice ! i am from the united kingdom . what are your hobbies ?
cool , do you have any children ?
i bet they are a lot of work ! i do not have any children yet , maybe one day !
congratulations on the promotion !
hi how are you today
that sounds intense . i am an office manger .
i hope you get the promotion soon . i might take a vacation soon
that does sound like fun . which course is your favorite
how old are your kids
what do you do for fun
that is great i like rock music
have you ever listened to motley crue
hello there my name is dr . lucy . how are you ?
i am well thank you . i miss my country life in spain .
it is beautiful . i hope to one day take my family back there .
oh , how long have you two been together ?
that is awesome . what type of music do you two listen to ?
hip hop is my favorite . do you play an instrument ?
nope . wish i played though , too busy with my veterinarian practice and five children .
hello there , how are you today ?
i am watching the grand tour on amazon , they make fun of everything lol
i think they are usually wicked funny
i used to watch flintstones when i was a kid
more modern shows i guess , stuff from the last 10 years
i work in accounting , yourself ?
i wish i did something a bit more glamorous
hi how are you doing today ?
so true . off to work ?
my brother is employed at best buy . it does not run in the family
i do not have any . whats their names ?
better not drive that car too fast ! or back you go
me too that would be sdo cool
i do not do you like sports ?
soccer is my fav . good job on the pats !
hi how are you doing ?
i am taking my dog for a walk
that is nice do you like tea ?
ooo i love to drink chai tea before bed its so relaxing to me
yeah for sure . what kind of job do you have
i am a computer technician but i am ready for a change
hi there , how are you ?
i enjoy taking photos of food . i would love to do some for george foreman
a little while . i really enjoy taking photos . i aspire to be a famous photographer
i am hoping to travel the world taking photos . where are you located ?
i am in utah . you have a family ?
that is sweet . cherish every moment . i am widowed you see . i miss those days
make sure you take lots of pictures as a family .
hey how are you doing today ?
me too just going to walk my two dogs .
i just have to head to work which sucks .
being an accountant is very boring .
are you a cheerleader or are you just watching ?
i will have to come watch after i finish leasing my car .
we should go hiking sometime , i can bring my two dogs with us .
what is your job anyway ?
hi how are you today ?
just got back from the pool awhile ago
i am not sure i watch the water for safety
yes i am and cool how do you like the restaurant ?
sounds good do you like music ? i like alternative
i do not cook but like eating do you like sports ?
i like sports i would love to go to italy sometime
hi ! i am just brushing my hair as we chat . it is long and flowy !
it is . i am almost 6 feet so it is very long .
yes . what is your favorite outfit ? mine is a skirt and thigh high leather boots .
fancy ! do you drive a car ? i have a truck . it is a ford .
what kind of music is your least favorite mine is country .
i like jazz as well . it is very relaxing . anything else about yourself ?
wow that is cool ! i do not work . i just hang out .
i hang out mostly by myself .
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . i am going to the gym after work
listening to music and watching movies
have you ever seen repo the genetic oprah ?
oh , i thought it was the coolest musical .
that is awesome ! i did see the lion king in nyc . unbelievable
hi i want to live in the city but i am stuck on this pig farm
i would but i am allergic
i would love that where do you go
wow i am not able to join then
i am a vegan so no
i like veggies and that is all i eat like a rabbit
lol i do not know i might be
go fishing and hunting usually
i am oreo i look to the stars for guidance
i cant my husband and kids drive me to drink
i would move away if i ever won a food eating competition
no but the kids would have free college
unless aliens probe me first that is
the debate between lollipops or rainbows is my weekend battle
the house is empty on weekends so i clean and hit the bong
yeah chill out and blast marley til 6 at night high as a kite
hello how are you today
i am having lunch with will ferrell
yes it is , he helped me with my urinary cancer when i was 18
he said sure thing , where is it at ?
no , he likes his red meat . i am a male model in hollywood
yeah he does . but i like classical jazz
i have tried but i cant get used to it
the only rock i like is from guns and roses
hello there , friend ! what are you up to this very fine day ?
yum ! what kind of cookies ? is it a surprise for them ?
chocolate chip is my favorite ! secret ingredient , huh ? i can keep a secret . hint hint !
molasses , you say ? clever ! you sound like a good parent . i do not have kids yet .
i live alone and get really lonely , so i spend a lot of time at festivals .
i just started a new online job working for a meal delivery service . what do you do ?
what is your favorite thing to bake ? cookies ?
wow , your house must smell incredible !
hi there , how are you ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have a pet ?
cuddling up with my dog always makes me feel better .
a little maltese . what about you ?
i am in college what about you ?
i am still a student . i am always late for class though .
i hope to graduate next spring .
yeah , my parents have been great .
can i sing to you ? will you let me ?
i will sing and dance for you . about staying up all night .
you could stay for dinner as well .
veggie burgers , and sweet potatoes
is your car pretty fancy ?
what kind is it ? will you drive me to places ?
that sounds cool . i would lick it .
what else do you like ?
hi , how are you today ?
no , not really . do you have any siblings ?
i have six ! i was adopted .
yeah it is ! my mom is a sahm . country .
stay at home mom . i like country music .
i am not a big heavy metal fan .
i am scared of the future , what about you ?
that is a good way of thinking about it .
good afternoon , how are you ?
i am good , exfoliating my face and getting ready for work .
yes ! skincare is so important , especially when you are an actress .
delivery ! lol , i am not a good cook .
nothing big time yet , i still have to work full time to pay the bills .
that is a great show !
come see me at the grocery store later ! i get so bored .
do you have favorite stores ?
hey stranger i am old man garter and i am so angry and my family are losers
i drive a beautiful jag
yeah its red i love red too ?
ahh that is a pathetic car dude you need a jag
good luck with that man
that is great tell me more i am interested
so that is a good dream i hope you make it
i am just too old to do anything anymore
hey , how are you ? i am reading a good book , what are you doing
i just read the great gatsby again . . . .
i think i am average , 5 6 . . .
build what ? that is an interesting question .
interesting . i would like to know what you build .
i hear you . its all good . . . so you are not a builder , no one cares .
hey ! tell me about yourself .
wow that sounds great , i have a dog named toto .
this is not a meme , my dog is really named toto rage
well you will probably laugh at me cause my favorite band is toto
that is cool where at ? also my car is green and smells bad .
sorry for the delay it disconnected then came back
its been alright just really rainy
hi how are you today ?
pretty good . do you work ?
do you have any children ?
i have 2 of them , a boy and a girl
i do not travel much gotta take care of my grandma
i am a pro bowler too
its just lots of repetition and form . gotta be persistent
i do not really have one . do you ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
i understand that , i am disabled .
i am so sorry , i cannot walk .
that is awful . are you okay ?
that is amazing . i garden , and raise my kids .
i am an only child , my husband works late .
no , i have plenty of friends who stop by , and i get out on the weekends .
i do too . how is your wife doing ?
hey there friend , what brings you here today ?
my life rarely has a dull moment with the kids and animals always running around
besides being a father , i herd cattle on my farm .
that is great , what are your plans after graduation ?
well if you ask me , do something that invokes your passions , life is short
do the dogs , cat , and cattle count ? haha , i have three
oh i do not have any pets , they are all children
help me how to learn to speak another language
parents are non english speakers
i do use italian to talk with them
when they cook , i do it with them coz i like it
i learned english in america
i went there when i was only 14
yes , because i need to drive my 3 children
hello ! how was your day ?
i drive a truck for a living so i just got home not too long ago
cleveland . i learned to drive a stickshift years ago and love it
ll . my dad is a police officer and they have a sports team too
yeah for fun . they enjoy their time off
its great exercise and good for the mind too
my mom has to go to bed early as she is a teacher and loves kids
oh when you have kids you need your sleep for sure
hello , is blue your color like mine is ?
i really really like hot dogs
i actually own three dogs
dollar bill and taco , i am an accountant
cats are cool , i read my pets horror stories .
that is very cool story
that sounds lovely now does it not ?
do you love fish food as much as I do ?
good morning how is it going
i been married for 8 years now
i am just turned 32 today
huh i am a house wife got to love it
yes absolutely i cant drive though
i like fast cars its so fun
its a beautiful day out
where are you from person 2
i just got back from a hike . i got a sunburn !
no bueno ! i am glad it is friday . i left the bank early
right ? i cashed my last check and hit the mountain . what do yo do ?
i would like to go see a hockey game in canada . leave us soil for once .
i love it down there ! i am in texas . we are neighbors .
what is you favorite part ? i bought my new iphone in austin recently .
i wanted to go to ut , but i never made it past 6th street .
yup . 8th was just a fledgling haunt when i was there , 2000 2002 .
hi , how are you tonight ?
me too . just had dinner with my friends and family
sounds nice , anything in particular that you like to drink
sounds nice , anything in particular that you like to drink
cool , i love all music
florida is nice . what kind of band ?
cool . . . my parents love country music that is why i hate it
there is nothing like good old pizza and working on trucks like a man .
great here , working on a truck and eating pizza with my doberman .
i always heard a dog is a mans best friend but now i know its true .
nothing like pizza . my wife says its because i am a man but everybody loves pizza .
yes my doberman and he likes pizza as much as i do .
i love all kinds of music but i only watch other people dance .
i never played bingo . my hobby and job has always been working on trucks .
no siblings for me . just me and my doberman .
do you like apples ? they are my favorite fruit !
i run marathons and really enjoy swimming , so i eat very healthy !
i am so excited for winter its so much better than fall . snow is beautiful
that is true . are you a morning or night person ? i am a morning person
i love to get up early to train for my marathons
about 6 i believe , i lost track after my 3rd
i love music ! and it is such a motivator !
that is cool , are you in a band ?
hello how are you today
good to meet you also what do you like to do for fun ?
i love to go see new horror films it is like a book but in action
what do you do for a living ?
i dress up like cat woman or wonder woman , it pays the bills
honestly it is more a hobby , i used to make my own cape and everything
my brother and i started when we were young , your parents did not ?
i am sorry . i dress like a super hero because sometimes we need one
its really cold this time of year . but normally nicer in the spring
i could , but i live in colorado .
i can . its still summer so i can hike to where you live if i have too
nice , leave an open chair for me labeled mary when i arrive .
you as well . if you are in florida , stay safe
thanks , you as well . still sunny
hi , do you like shrimp and lobster ?
i will make you shrimp casserole
no you do not , i saw you vanish in thin air
i like to finger paint on the sidewalk
yes i have the best exotic prints
i met you yesterday and you are homeless now
no you will not , you would have better luck tryin to walk on water
i might have a job you can do for me
hey ! did i find another cat lover ?
oh man ! my kids would be disappointed !
that is a shame , my son james is 3 , he is allergic to dogs .
yes ! two cats actually , one for each of my kids !
the kids or the cats ? ha ha
my 8-year-old does pretty well , but james is picky
that makes it tough ! how do you get enough iron ?
hello how are you this fine day ?
lol is he as goofy as they say ?
i was hoping you would say that . . .
hard to pick , love oranges and strawberries . . . could go wither way . you ?
i always forget about them . might have to change my answer
i am not really into animals , sports is more my love
really ? any good ? classical or . . .
is that really such a bad thing ? lots of athletes shave their head
i am just finishing a delicious fish dinner . have you had dinner ?
but would you eat them in a train ? would you eat them in the rain ?
ah yes . i have husky , and i would rather play with my nintendo .
what happened to your fifth toe ?
fish can be so rude . this is why i eat them !
nice ! i would so appreciate someone else cooking for a change .
i have tried to train my husky . otherwise , it is usually canned soup and apples
no , he is useless . he cannot even read the recipes .
you should see the oven mitts i had to crochet for his paws !
indeed ! lol ! now i am really hungry . lol have a good night
hi ! what do you love the most ?
i generally love to put smiles on persons face . are you a good liar ?
that is amazing . i really am obsessed of filming stuff . what about you ?
great ! do you think about death ?
i mostly not think about it . yes , i have a pet . what about you ?
wonderful ! people think i am crazy sometime .
i do not know . i think i am very funny but not crazy .
me too . so i love myself .
hello , how are you today ?
not too much . i am caring and love everyone .
i might be too caring because my heart is on my sleeve .
my name is tab , some people do call me a hopeless romantic though .
is your name bob ? i dropped out of college recently and am lost .
i live in a car right outside of los angeles .
do you live in cars ?
i am a female , but sometimes am referred to as a man .
because i have broad shoulders and a beard , anatomically though i have female parts .
hello how are you today ?
that sounds good ! i am watching television
a show about traveling i love to travel
california is the next place i want to go have only been on the east coast
my dad use to work for the taxi service so traveling was hard for us
sometimes that is fun i have only gone to canada a couple times
it is beautiful there i use to visit my uncle in florida too
hey , how are you doing tonight ?
what are you making ? i am feeling hungry !
awesome ! i have not eaten a good meal since i quit school .
no , i have been out , living in my toyota for a month .
that is nice of you , but i will figure things out . .
awesome ! my only skill is being in touch with my emotions , lol .
i would like all of the above . ; but my heart rules my life .
lol , well , i gotta go . come make a restaurant here in la someday !
hi . i am from england . what about you ?
do americans love tea ? coz we drink lots of it here .
ah ! interesting . what do you like to do during your free time ?
i like to write short stories . hope i can publish them one day .
you said you work a lot , right ? where do you work ?
i work in a certain used bookstore here in england .
i really enjoy fall though . makes me feel deep .
good day ! how are you ? what are you into ? i really enjoy being alone .
what kinds of things are you putting in it ? you should include pizza , it is my favorite.
yes ! do you have a favorite band ? mine is probably dream theater , heard of them ?
what do you do for fun ? when it is dark out , i take walks late at night .
i also do odd jobs . what kind of jobs do you do ?
intriguing ! you must be attractive !
oh wow , i am so sorry to hear that
that is good , i am happy for you.
hi how are you today
good do you make fart noises
cool do they make you toot
each i can fart in my armpits
i do not think so do you like superheroes
i can even do popular songs n my armpits
only if i put my heart into it
yeah well its my heart or my fart i do not remember
hello how are you tonight
very good now that i am closing on this house
i play an instrument so i do not do bad
i sew people up so i am good on that lol
nurse that is why i am always sewing people up
was she now that is interesting
i am sorry to hear that i hope it get better for you
hi , there . what are you up to ?
me too . i love video games !
i like halo 3 and i usually play on platform 4
that is awesome , man . i am still in the closet and i am so conflicted . . .
what should we do ? seriously .
i play the guitar so i am thinking about like creating a coming out song .
org , i am lol . are you my soulmate ?
hey hows it going tonight ?
tired ! i need to go to bed ! i teach first grade so i am up early !
well , i also have a 3 yr old so i am always around kids
i sure do ! i just painted ! purple ! ! my fav ! so tell me about you .
oh i love maine ! i am pretty boring . teach during the week and church on the weekends .
unfortunately , no . what about you ?
yeah , it sounds like it would be easy but its really not !
what type of dog ? i have a doodle .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i used to ride horses , now i walk to the farmers market .
one of my grandchildren likes to snowboard , she is very good .
i live in cleveland . there are great restaurants all around .
there is a popcorn place near me that puts candy in theirs , it is great .
not anymore . now , i tend to my neighbors garden , she is older than i .
i never did understand football . my boyfriend loves it though ,
hello , i go to the university in my city . can you tell me about yourself .
well i do not have many friends and no sibling either .
however , i do love pizza and my dog keeps me company .
i like to collect red items as it is my favorite color .
i only shop when i have to , is there anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
i am from missouri , how about you ?
that is good , how is the weather ?
hi hows it going having fun ?
wow that is nice . i prefer winter though
do not think my lawyer parents would approve
can i order it online though
yea i should . i do not like swimming
yea i do . i do not like my swimsuit
i guess so . i should try that too
yea . maybe add some poison to the apples, or maybe just some honey or sauce instead .
hello how are you today ?
very cool , i recently went to the beach with my wife of six years .
no i have not . i go to the casino on the weekends . do you drink beer ?
oh great ! i have tried 35 kinds . i work for a brewery as a financial analyst .
all kinds , but mainly classic rock . what about you ?
haha , that is cool . i like new music too .
no i like to eat out . i travel a lot .
that is good . probably healthier for you .
hi bunny burner here . 3 kids , suburbs , gardening , college graduate . you ?
get out ! mine too . you sing ?
peas , carrots and onions all live in my garden . you divorced ? i am .
hello ? kiley riley is my best friend . you have a garden ? i do .
awww . vera died . john , wayne and newton are children . you a suburbanite ?
i see . weed tea is some good stuff . you should order some . you dance ?
hmmm . vera lived in crippled creek , arizona . you live in arizona ?
i attended state u . vera did not . you attend state u ?
hi there . how are you today ?
great ! i am chatting from usa . are you in usa also ?
haha . no , i do not do yoga , but sometimes i think i would like to try it .
that sounds fun . i need a class full of gray haired newbies !
wow . you are a twin ? are you identical ?
nice . . wait a sec , i have to put my dogs up . they are driving me crazy right now .
i know ! but no chance of that . all the chocolate in the house is for my husband !
hello , nice to meet you ! are you on vacation too ?
nice ! 4 of my brothers are all marathoners . not sure how you do it !
we were born in canada , and moved here . they like running here way better .
very . i graduated from ubc a few years ago , it was minus 30 in the winter .
that is why we moved here , definitely like summers here better . you ?
for sure . what else do you like doing beside running ?
cool , is there anything good to catch around here ?
hello hows your evening going so far ?
sounds like fun i just came from hiking
yes i live in portland , main so i hike all of the time
nice what do you do for a living ?
wow that is great environmental engineer , great money
i am an engineer its very good money
yes it is , i love taking photos what are your hobbies ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am currently writing a novel !
comedy its about pickles , which i do not like !
a do a little of everything . i am the black sheep of my family .
my son uses and iphone for class work . i own an iphone as well .
do you use technology in the classroom ? no , other hobbies
do you have any hobbies ?
hi how are you doing
oh no what is wrong
that is so sad i am sorry to hear that
are you spending time with family
that is so nice i am into art
both do you like art
i love modern art and visiting museums
i do when i have free time
what are you doing today ?
i wish my best friend was closer
she lives in a completely different town
are you a director ? what do you do ?
i play and watch hockey . i cannot get enough of it
a bit . but i prefer to focus on my job
i am a business owner . i studied it in high school
it is a clothing design brand . do you have any family ?
hey you , how was your day today ?
that is weird lol i attended harvard university . did you go to school ?
that is cool . i just think everyone should attend ivy league
ah you are never too old for that . i am a financial assistant
that sounds nice . i could not do it . i eat out way too much for that lol
haha no . there just are not any restaurants in the ocean
hello , how are you today ?
i am relaxing with my kitties , they like to listen to me read .
have you read the books ? i have not , they are very popular at my library .
habits of a librarian , lol . cats too .
i do not get out much , except to go to work .
i have a garden and the ocean in my backyard . it is soothing . tuna , very healthy .
there are a lot of vegan cookbooks at the library .
hello . my name is homer
neat . nice to meet you
scuba diving . last summer swam with manta rays
how was that ? always wanted to meet a dolphin
lol . . you implying you broke into an aquarium ?
i do . . . though i really hate the cold
always wanted a garden . . . except my mind goes to that csi episode . . brutal
yeah , pretty much ruined home gardening for me
hey you . what is going on ?
who is mr . zoom zoom ? let us go !
you have a zebra ? wow . i prefer bears but that is cool. I wish I could have a bear instead of a zebra as a pet, they seem so cuddly.
bears are in the circus too !
you seem like a big child ! you should eat beets . they are good for you
wow ! you are a great talker for a kid
i do . we watch battlestar galactica together
it is a show about outer space . it is too cool
hi how are you doing
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i love to play sports
what kid of music do you like ?
hello how are u tonight
i am doing good getting ready to go fishing this weekend
if it helps me win the fish i am a sore loser
lol i think my pond is a little to small for that
i lost my dad when i was 2 so mom taught me how to fish
do u have a favorite season i love the spring time but hate the winter
i am short and have deep blue eyes
yeah but the snow is cold and i like warm weather
hi how are you today ?
good . that is very interesting . do you enjoy your work ?
i really like to draw
i could never pilot a plane with my sausage fingers
i love to watch action movies
i am a comedian . i try to make people laugh
what kinds of stamps do you collect ?
i am so excited that it is almost winter
i need to head on down to the walmart in a minute .
i have halo 5 ? what do you mean new ?
oh , i guess that is cool . i am watching game of thrones .
i wonder how it will end ? i hope i love it
i mean , the whole series lol .
are you sad it is the last one ?
winter is coming . haha . but really .
hello , how are you doing ?
oh sounds like fun . i am just relaxing , my back hurts today .
thank you . laziness is okay sometimes lol .
oh boy . that does not sound like fun , i wish i still lived at home lol .
i live in wisconsin . i am going to navy pier for a concert next weekend .
i bought my boyfriend tickets to deadbeats z . dead if you have heard of them lol .
edm . they are 2 djs from canada . what music do you like ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing fine .
wow , a regular fish in the sea then , what else do you like to do ?
i enjoy eating out , al little to much .
i like the color green .
but i do not cook much to busy at work , so fast food is my life .
i work as a liason and for the national guard and you ?
that must be nice , what is your masters in ?
hi how are you today ?
happy birthday ! what is your favorite band
mine is the story so far
i worked at a factory making boxes
its okay work , repetitive . interesting
i travel the country playing guitar, I wish I could play guitar like you, that's been a dream of mine.
it is a fun life
hi ! how are you ? do you like to exercise ?
i do because i love food . i eat a lot like very large meals .
i like spicy food too ! they sell a lot in my college .
i am student and i work part time in my college . are you a student ?
cool ! i am very much like a social butterfly . i like being around people .
what kind of camera do you want to get ?
i just like to exercise all the time . it gives me energy .
oh cool ! maybe you can cut and color mine .
good afternoon , how are you ?
i am on only child . but , i won a lot of trophies when i was a kid .
i enjoy cooking in my free time myself .
i am pretty athletic . i enjoy running and have won records for speed swimming .
i won a lot of trophies for swimming when i was a kid .
a champion at skiing ? i am no good but i absolutely adore singing .
yes , i do . and finding new things to cook or places to run .
pasta dishes and anything i can bake . what kind of books does your sister write ?
hi how are you today
pretty good . are you married ?
i want to be married again . but my boyfriend ugh
he wants a dumb open relationship
yeah i feel bamboozled honestly . .  I wish I could join a local orchestra to play the violin with my pomeranian by my side.
i am not sure i do not ever go the extra mile anymore
i suppose . i am mad at my coworker too
they want a relationship with my boyfriend
hi , how is it going ?
oh , cool . i am playing with my dogs .
all three of my dogs were adopted .
i am still in college .
oh . do you believe in karma ? i do .
do you have any hobbies ?
oh cool . i enjoy reading in my spare time .
good morning ! how are you today ?
how much will it cost ?
that is a lot for a phone . not sure i would spend that much on a phone .
unless the phone is a teleporter i would not spend so much on it .
i am a bank teller actually . it will be 6 years this year .
how are you liking it ?
same here ! if we are near each other we should try and go hiking sometime .
oops than that is a no .
hi how are you doing today ?
that is nice . i was just playing with my dog won won .
not really . i moved her from japan a while ago to be a teacher .
those are both great places to live . i teach japanese and drawing to high school students .
how old are you now ?
i am 35 and still single .
no not at all . it seems dreadful .
i am not sure that is true . that would mean average death is age 70 .
well hello ! wanna chat about stuff ? ?
quite well . thanks for asking . i will be even better when I hit the beach !
i love corn . its one of my fads . i am a vegan !
haha . i can relate . i have worked at an italian restaurant for seven years .
that is sweet . what sort of music do you enjoy ?
oh classics . i am more of a country fan . do you read ?
you must have read the bible a thousand times then ?
hi , how are you ?
i am good too . i like to draw
ok . my day is just started by half an hour exercise
it is raining here and i love rain .
ok , i love hiking too .
classical . how about you , my friend ?
nice to know that . what is your favorite movie ?
hi what do you do
well see as i m so so funny , i am a comedian
no , i m not a comedian either . i actually am a courier
a linebacker . . . that is ferocious !
kids ? no , no kids . cats . . . 3 cats . you ?
that s a good cat name !
good n plenty skittles , and bit o honey
hello , how are you today ?
ll , that is good . i am grateful my power is on , my kids would be bored otherwise .
lucky . i work at a casino , so i wish the power would go out there .
that sucks , maybe you should find a new hobby for a bit .
ll , you have horrible luck then . at least you have hobbies though .
the only thing i am currently good at is blackjack .
how are you ? just got back from a fishing trip . caught salmon
are you a gambler ? my hobby is go-cart racing
going to grill this salmon on my George Foreman grill . hate fast food
i play the guitar . but that is not really my profession .
sounds like a gambling consultant . is that your job ?
i sell things on the internet , music repair parts
what does he sell ? does he do high volume sales ?
depends what is wrong with it
good evening . how are you ?
i am . so . . . tell me about you .
that is cool . i should work out . . . so i can get people to notice me .
sadly , no i do not .
very cool i was an orphan so i never had pets .
it is purple . and yours ?
i love drawing as well .
hi how are you doing
i like religious music myself
not really do you like sports
that is great dream are you in school
i just spend time taking care of my family
i like the color pink myself
i volunteer at my church from time to time
that is very nice of you to say
hello , i have a masters degree in italian literature . do you ?
what is larp ? are you a viking ? my brother thinks he is .
oh i think that is what my brother does .
do you paint your nails to match your role . i do mine green .
do you see skunks in the forest ? i have a pet one .
they are . perfect for my attic located in portland or
yes they love company of others .
do you have pets yourself ?
hello there ! how are you ?
i am doing just fine thank you
i am studying geology at the university of alabama
all as so far . i plan on marrying my gf once i graduate
i wish you the same
i love to watch the alabama football games
halo 3 is da bomb , its my favorite yo !
cool , i have a moped , its chill to drive
i am from a cold shower are the only showers to take and i sure need them !
well , i have trouble looking people in the eye , that is a job !
ink , singing is best in the shower , i really like it !
karaokes dope ! , the video game for me is halo 3 , its my favorite !
gta is sick ! mopeds are awesome , i drive one , its cool !
hello ! i am on vacation in paris . i love it here .
no , but i drove around town in a bentley my favorite car .
you should listen to classical music to help calm you . i enjoy it .
i also go to the opera sometimes to unwind .
you should come to paris and listen to music with me !
i will take you to the opera when you come .
hi , nice to meet you . my name is jim
well i am a guy who drives a prius how about you ?
i miss hiking . i work so many hours i have no time .
nice . i am forced to watch whatever my wife and kids want to watch
i would rather do that they go into a stuffy law firm everyday
i am a lawyer . i guess one upside is we were able to payoff the house
i have twins they just turned 3 and my wife bless her stays home
well with all the money i have coming in we can do that .
no , i am going to get back to work . thanks for the break .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i go to school right now
no i live in a dorm room
oh i am sorry to hear that
how old are you now ?
hi how are you today
i am okay do you work
i am working in my music degree
i want to play music always
nice they let girls be scouts now
yeah i think that is good
that is okay life is change
yeah do you know your parents ?
hi , hows your day going ?
well enough . whereabouts are you located ?
dublin , in ireland . where in ohio ?
no , but i have a sister .
cool . i am up late working on my degree .
very much so . i might reward myself with some cake later .
hi how are you today ?
i like chicken the most whether its baked , fried or on the grill
no i do not . and i love cooking
o ok cool . do you have any pets ?
english is my native tongue and i speak a little french
i learned french when i was in the 9th grade . i am hoping to visit paris one day
i love bread . with all my meals i eat bread with it
good morning how are you
awesome , do you work ? i pet sit .
wow ! do you have any hobbies ? i love to read
ok . anything else i should know about you ?
my hair is purple and i love music
never seen that on my tv where do you live ?
that is to funny haha
hi , my name is jane doe . how are you ?
is it vegan makeup ? because i am vegan .
i am passionate about animals , i love them
that is cool , my son who is 18 loves rock music
i am pretty boring , i am a dog walker two times a week . . .
i donate a lot of time to animal rights and sign petitions
thank you , i feel the same way
why is your moped pink ?
hello ! how are you today ?
oh why are you going there ?
that would be a great place to retire .
its been good . i am about to go on a run
not really its just a past time to clear my head
yeah it is very good and relaxing , i agree
myself i am an author actually
oh that does not sound like fun !
hello from the big city !
so what do you do for a living ? i just finished college .
i love writing and learning . i am hoping to teach in an elementary school .
wow , i am chatting with a famous writer !
that is okay . i went to school for american literature and education .
i have a cat . she is black and white . what about you ?
it is always better to adopt rather than purchase .
pugs are just so cute .
hi , how are you tonight ?
good , i am mary , a receptionist and student . you ?
i am studying radiology at local college and work full time
i could not live with parents so i work in a doctors office
sounds cool , better than looking at files all weekend
and no paperwork and phone calls either lol .
oh well , i am excited about radiology
hello , how are you today ?
good ! what do you like to do for fun ?
that is nice . i enjoy shopping .
thrifting is always fun . you never know what treasures are out there !
that sounds great ! glad to hear you like to support charities !
i have mostly worked with animal rescues , and crisis centers .
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i am fine . i am taking care of my 7-year-old girl today .
that is good . my boyfriend needs a job .
i hear you . i am 25 now and still live in an apartment .
a few weeks . i take my daughter to the park .
very cool . sounds like you like your work .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in california but i used to live in tx
that is cool . how did you like it ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
what religion are you in ?
hello , how are you today ?
oh nice to meet you . i am in the navy , i just came in from a tour .
oh cool ! i really like going to concerts . i would like to get tickets to the the voice .
yes . so do you have any hobbies ?
no , not much of a fan . i enjoy reading over tv .
what are you reading now ?
dear son , i have to tell you grammy and poopo are split up again .
and with my epilepsy . where is my bible ?
i wish i had more children , . . . . i want my book . . . oh here it is son
urrggesllly ok i m okay . what video game , yeah son i will read you exercise your thumbs
arrrggdxji in sms . uushdjejedj . epilepsy sucks euurdghsje skskd del kick d
ddjfrjjednfnjesd jjksodj . jwedcuchhffh jsuxcjc ddejfc ujxjc u xci
thaannkssszs i ffeelth bettersth . wow son when did you get a boyfriend ?
hi ! nice to meet you .
making last minute wedding plans !
yes ! next week ! i cannot wait
yes you can come . it is in a public park .
florida . the honeymoon is at niagra falls .
so does my fiance , although my family hates her .
they do not like her because she is greek . what else do you like ?
green . do you have a job ?
hi how are you doing
i just started cooking lunch
i am making salmon i love to cook
allergies can sometimes be annoying when it comes to cooking
what are you studying in school
that is cool i like history too what are your hobbies
do you like to be outside
i love to bike on trails in the woods
hi how are you doing
i wish i did i have kids though
oh no what happened to them
oh know why did you listen to your friend
oh a see how that can be annoying
i think you are doing an ok job
thanks i like you too
hi . just got back from my sons football game . they won !
american citizen here , so american football , not soccer .
no . the whole mom with the minivan stage of life for me .
sometimes i stay up late reading mystery novels and eating pizza .
yeah , that and walking the beach with toes in the sand are the best .
sigh . now i want to go there . what are your hobbies ?
college is exhausting sometimes . i am glad i am not in school .
what kind of music do you like to listen to ?
hi ! i just got done dying my hair blue . what color is yours ?
i am obsessed with blue ! i like it so much . what is your favorite color ?
nice ! even my car is blue . what color is yours ?
so you can just run everywhere ? that is what i do wearing my blue shoes !
so do you listen to elvis ? i like him .
hm , never heard of her before . i will look her up .
that is a different choice . i would want to be a pampered dog ! lol
lol anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
hi how are you today ?
i am good . my 2 boxers are running around the back yard .
i have a daughter . is it a boy or a girl ?
how exciting . i own my home and i love my garden .
yes i design for a clothing retailer .
boho hippie stuff all organic fabric . i love it .
when is your baby due ?
oh yes that is right around the corner .
hi , how is your weekend going ?
i spent all morning shopping so it is going great
why are you on bed rest ?
clothes . i want to be a fashion designer
maybe ! i want to study in new york
i prefer couture . like chanel or alexander mcqueen
well i am sure things will go back to normal after the birth
hello , how are you doing ?
great , i am working real hard . i hope to retire soon .
i am 60 . i work for ibm . but i am tired of it .
yeah , but i at least ought to be able to retire nicely on the beach .
what kind of work do you do ?
what is that like , does it pay well ?
that sucks . what do you like for fun . do you like music ?
what about sports , are you athletic ?
hey . what are you doing ?
cool . a singing competition ? interesting
what kind of movies if you do not mind me asking ? indie flicks ?
have you seen it yet ? the new one ?
i have only ever seen the old one not the new one yet . do you stay active ?
i hike as well ! i am trying to convince my family to help me open up a studio
i am hoping teach yoga . i practice all the time .
i need to stretch right now actually getting cramps !
hi, how are you today ?
what do you do for work ?
nothing now but my dream is to be a baseball announcer.
Ax is my favorite band.
that is a stinky dish ! i have seen King of the Hill.
should use the "lost my phone" app!
just got done working in my sunflower garden . i have some extremely tall sunflowers
yes we all need peace and quiet . do you have any children ?
i have 5 children although two died several years ago
i try to stay busy working in the church food pantry . i enjoy it alot
wow ! ! i am going to set down and read an agatha christie book
yeah , i have been there before . glad when it was over
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i drive my big truck around
it is white it is a big rig
yeah i talk to people while driving
do you talk or just listen
do you all talk though
wow that sounds so nice
i love my country and would gladly die for it .
thanks . what do you do ?
ah . i miss target . none of those over here .
i love rock climbing but i am a soldier right now .
yes . i miss my wife and kids . are you married ?
i am sorry about your wife . i think about death a lot . not scared though .
thank you . i love our country and would give everything i had for it .
hello stranger , are you dreading the holidays as much as i am yet ?
i would rather play with my collection of guns , then watch cartoons . have you been married ?
i will hide in my ford truck from the sun . how do you feel about policemen ?
my 3 exes are enough for me ! do you enjoy pain ?
i am a officer , i bite the heads off gingerbread men
that would be a nice trick , because i live off grid in the woods .
yes , you do not even have to be hit though . . . close is good enough with nukes ! ; p
i am putting my faith in sushi ! ;
i wanted to let you know that i have a bad habit of chewing my nails
but i am doing it because i am stressed . i am studying
will you be my friend ? i say goodbye quickly , just a heads up
would you kayak with me ? i go to a local lake
i also enjoy helping others , i am trying to be a teacher
do you do it on the weekends ? i do hobbies then
i have to go and say goodbye now . i am sorry .
good luck with the airplanes . i will look for them on my kayak .
good morning ! what do you do for a living ?
i work as a cashier at two different stores , what are you up to ?
yeah two ! and listening to music right now , red hot chilli peppers are my favorite .
do you like the cold weather ?
cold weather is my favorite and nope i am single .
i play hockey sometimes , love wearing dark colored jerseys .
the calgary flames are my favorite ! you ?
we will have to catch a game sometime !
hello , what is your favorite type of music ?
my favorite genre of music is metal
i am currently in highschool , my dad died a week ago
it is alright , he was not a good father anyway , he never was
i have straights as but i am ready to drop because of bullying
do not down yourself , because i will never lie , i actually used to be you
meaning i used to have those grades , but i worked hard to change it
i like salads and smoothies lol
hi how are you doing today ?
i am doing okay getting ready to watch dragon ball z
ll that is cute . i usually have one laptop playing anime and one playing a videogame
yeah sometimes i listen to music . what kind do you like
that is good music to listen to when your at the gym
have you ever had muscle milk its great i drink chocolate flavor
hi ! bet this is the first circus juggler you have ever chatted with ! !
what diner ? ? maybe i will stop by and juggle for the clients ! ll
oh , i work in a circus and can never be late . the ringmaster would freak ! !
ll , well maybe you should go on a keto diet to help your attention span .
lucky you ! i have to cook all my meals . except when i go to the movies .
i love going . does not matter what i see . btw , i am a 3rd generation juggler .
i do not have kids yet sadly for my father and grandfathers circus dream .
i just have to find the right guy . one who does mind me throwing balls ! !
hello ! what are some hobbies you enjoy ? i like lamp
i love the band insane clown posse . sounds weird , but they are great !
wow , that is fascinating ! i am an interior designer . what do you look like ?
haha ! i am 6 2 and blonde . on the chubby side .
never tried them . i love the color though . perfect color for a kitchen back splash .
i love carping to bear characters
hello ! how are you today ?
not really , i do not do much . just try to get by
that sounds ok i guess . i just want to find myself
i wish my friends were like that . i do not really like any of them
my husband plays sports . we survive each other
my 2 boys like hockey . maybe you would get along
too bad you do not live here . you sound nice
hi there ! how are you ?
cool , those kpop girls are cute . i am a fisherman !
my daughters like to write . i try to get them to play backgammon all the time .
that is fun . ever play fallout ? i am either fishing or playing that .
i eat right because i play many sports . i am like a machine .
you should try playing chess . do you have any kids ?
you should find a nice girl and get married !
you can beat it ! i was hooked on opium but look at me now !
how are you doing today ?
i have been good , teaching first graders is hard .
i love shopping ! do you swim professionally ?
i like buying purses ! how many stamps do you have ?
i can play the recorder haha what about you ?
i just hang out with my high school sweetheart , do you do anything exciting ?
a lot of them like green but i like purple
hi how are you today ?
i am not sure really . it disappoints me
everything about regular living kind of disappoints me
if i could be an animal that would be exciting
any i guess . they do not live regularly
nothing beside listen to classical music
hi . nice to meet you .
i am doing petty good . how are you ?
i am a psychology major . what do you do ?
it can be interesting , but a little difficult too . it must be fun working with kids ?
nice . what do you like doing in your free time ?
me either . lol . but when i do , i love going to art museums .
wednesdays are the free days , so good day out for starving students !
you have tattoos ? what of ?
i just have on a butterfly inside a heart .
nights are getting cooler . here comes winter and i hate all of that cold stuff .
i usually sleep at least 8 or 9 hours but even more in cold weather .
dogs can deal with cold better than we can but i hate being cold
i am an electrician and i always have to crawl up under houses in the cold weather
where did you work ? your real slow and not making any sense
i ride my bike too and l like to run and jog a lot
what are you talking about ? you use the 2 minutes but you do not make sense
you in a truck and me on a bike . ok that makes a lot of sense .
i am so tired from working the theater yesterday . how are you ?
i am sorry . i tell jokes for a living . maybe i can help .
i am sorry about your dog . are you married ?
that is nice . my small town has a pet cemetery .
only on tv . maybe you have seen me on seinfeld ?
that stinks . what do you do for a living ?
ah . i bet i can make them laugh .
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well . what are your hobbies ?
very nice . what do you look for in a partner ?
that is a lot of relationships ! i am blonde . you ?
that is a shame . relationships are tough .
well , i wish you luck with that . i am more of a serial monogamist .
hi how are you today ?
pretty well . been driving endlessly for the fun of it . what about yourself ?
that is nice . do you take friend out ? i cannot live without mine .
oh wow . well go outside more it helped me get over smoking . any piercings ?
yes about 10 . finding more people like them . what do you enjoy most ?
hum . never been to one . hear they are fun .
what do you enjoy the most ?
good evening ? how are you ? i am just munching on gummy bears .
i love jeopardy . my roomies love it too . all 3 of them .
i never heard of that one . my parakeet goes nuts when i have animal shows on .
i do when i can . i wanna hit orange theory just because orange is my fav . color .
right on ! i worry about my calcium being lactose intolerant and all .
i need to read more books .
i miss milk . i miss it a lot .
i feel fat , because eating is what i love
no way , i want to be pretty
i am also a beautiful mother
so do i , i love purple . it makes me feel wanted
maybe it is better to walk sometimes ?
you talking about the martial art ?
i do have a car , and depends on where you are at
hey there what are you doing ?
i am chilling , listening to the blues , you ?
music just is not the same anymore sadly , since prince .
what languages do you speak ?
yes i speak english an spanish .
i kind of do seeing my family is a mixture of so much , you ?
i am a rican an chinese , from over seas but not from there lol
really ? doctors never ask ? oh
hi , how you are doing tonight ?
cool , i am getting ready for tomorrow gotta work in the office 9 till 5 ugh, if I could, I would love to travel to Italy and try all the different pasta dishes.
nor do i . i love yoga class though i go sometimes do you ?
couch is nice too , but i live in a huge city so there is always things to do
really i am opposite like this summer i went to italy just because i like italian food
i love noodles and cheese and bread lol
not all cheeses just some
what do you like ? besides the couch haha
hello how are you today ?
lucky you , i was in my garden because i love my plants
do tattoos hurt when they are being made ? i hate my brown eyes .
whats your favorite color ? mine is purple .
what kind of things do you knit ?
that is nice . maybe you can knit something for my pet lizard gila .
i hate being an only child
i wish i had at least one brother or sister
hi , i just came back from practice , how are you ?
i enjoy playing the violin , do you like music ?
me too , but where i live we never get rain .
gospel music is amazing , i would love to teach music .
me too , that is the worst part of the day , getting up .
i agree , so what do you do in your spare time ?
that is such a good idea , i will try it as well
my hobby is watching horror movies , do you like movies ?
good afternoon , how are you doing today ?
two boys would drain me , how do you do it ?
i am a rolling stones fan myself , its is going well , just drinking herbal decaf tea
yeah i have been at the same company now for 8 years ! how about you
that is nice . i teach guitar lessons on the side from home .
i spend my free time caring for my aging mother , she retired from nursing 6 years ago
you would be a good friend to have around !
how are you doing today ?
cartoons are cool . like old school cartoons .
wow that is amazing . i am in school too .
japanese seems beautiful . where are you from ?
i live in boston too .
where abouts ? grew up about 30 minutes south !
grew up in sharon , small world !
i am 37 getting up there in wisdom .
nice chatting with you today !
nothing like a warm , breezy day .
good i am enjoying the trade winds . how are you ?
delicious ! oh , the small pleasures in life !
i like fishing , too ever been to alaska ? salmon fishing perhaps ?
it really is but only if you let them go after you catch them .
very nice . whats your favorite time of the year ?
do you like road trips ? i am taking one today .
new york state . i live there with my kids and husband .
a cider i will with fun activities for the kids .
there is one at this place .
i have two of them . they are golden retrievers .
i love them as well . so do my kids and my husband .
they would like to i am sure .
i use those a lot now .
hello . how are you doing ?
a party ? is that what you do on the weekends ? i go camping .
i go camping anywhere . whose party are you going to ?
ha . interesting job . i am a boring truck driver . road just keeps going .
i would think so . great attention to detail is needed
mainly camping and baseball . it is nice spending time with my family .
yes i do . a wife and two kids .
it is nice . but driving trucks leaves me little time with them .
hi names jack and working thing night shift aka graveyard shift at a hotel .
its not bad , it pays so i can save for college .
yeah i understand , i will go for teaching . do you like to surf ?
yeah , gonna be saving for a car . i like robert deniro , and his movies
he is , and i like the rocky movies
really ? how does it scare you ?
i love snow and ice skating
that is a weird fetish to have . voting for no apparent reason .
hi how are you today ?
great thanks , what music are you into ?
blues and jazz are my favourites
i prefer people , it helps with the bar weekend job
fairs , i am training to be a lawyer during the week
i spend my free time collecting scotch
that is a shame , my house is so tiny unfortunately .
wow that is a lot of animals
hey i really gotta stop snacking so much . how are you ?
yea i stay up late at work a lot .
me too lol ! I stay up writing in my spare time.
I did too until Irma . What kind of music do you like ?
I like kid pop, it's safe and clean.
Yes ! I like to bake a lot, how about you ?
What do you like to bake ?
how are you doing today ?
not too bad , i just picked my children up from daycare
they are 7 and 9 years old . they are great , but a handful on my own
nothing wrong with that . what do you do for a living ?
small world ! i am a second year med student . where is your hospital ?
very cool . i live in louisiana .
i love watching old movies . what about you ?
hey whats up with you today ?
does he ? ! i wonder does he have any hot friends ! tell them follow ig !
just likes on my instagram an having fun !
ll no i am into soccer got a full ride to college for playing .
not really , i try to stay healthy or i wo not eat .
well how can you say that when its always a mystery lol
hi how are you
i want to be mater for halloween and you ?
i hope they give out ice cream as a treat
my grandma is mine . how old is Allie ?
mine too i love shakes and pizza . do you have kids
i am way too young myself
i ride my scooter every day after school
its red like lightning are you in school ?
hi there ! whats up tonight ?
that is gotta be a really sweet micky ds ! whats your favorite meal ?
oh me too . me and my sisters loved to go down and play in the waves
yeah , tennis is my game . dad used to coach
that is rough ! you have any favorite sports ?
gotta love the rubber hitting the track !
hello . what are you doing ? i am cooking , i love to cook !
ah . one of my 3 children broke mine .
italian . i immigrated when i was 14
my family does not speak english very well , but i speak italian and english .
nice . i was married off when i was younger . my spouse loves to grill as well .
i felt angry about it . but that was then and this is now .
i am a realist by nature . change what you can and accept what you can not .
hello how are you today ?
its a rainy day , rough day to watch the clouds .
i agree . rain is my favorite . but not a good day to lay on the grass .
your job sounds more pleasing than mine .
gosh can i please tag along , i sell snakeskin oil .
oh i am very sorry about that . do you know jacob sartorius ? the singer .
oh , do you have a costco near you ?
oh good . its my favorite store .
i need a new topic for my next article . any ideas ?
it should be topical . my acting class how to did not fly with the boss .
that could be cool . i always dreamed of playing a nurse on tv . enough about me though . . .
that is so cool . did you always want to be a nurse ?
who would have thought i would end up the writer ? what do you do for fun ?
i had no idea . sorry to hear that . are you doing ok ?
wow . you are handling it well . i would just drown my woes in dairy-free ice cream .
hello how are you today ?
i am looking forward to whiskey
i wish i worked out doors
i wonder why he hates you
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
i am smarter than she is
all men are smarter than women
well we do not talk
hello ! what are your hobbies ? i love video games .
nice ! i work during the night at a hotel , so i can be outside during the day .
yes , it is very quiet . most of the guests are sleeping during my shift .
gladly , i have not had that experience . when it is quiet i can concentrate on my writing .
i write books and short stories when i have time .
i like to stick with fiction . i find it the most interesting .
i would say a little of both .
i have a great imagination , and when i get an idea , i just build upon it .
i love food , but do not eat as healthy as i should .
lol . . . free samples ! great talking to you !
hey whats going on how are you
wow that is cool . i am a real estate agent
that is awesome . i am 24 no kids yet , but i am currently dating my boss lol
i would that would be fun
that would be cool . i would enjoy that
i love pizza . i also have a love for singing lol
hi i am sarah how are you ?
great . i teach school what do you do ?
i teach around oakville , ny . 5th grade to be exact
i relax and read at the lake on the weekends
of course . i also like the watch golf and tennis on the television .
what kind of pies do you make ?
that is nice . do you sell them ?
hello
good and you ?
you own your own business ?
oic . ima hairdresser
i love to go clubbing
where are you from ?
nice to meet you ! tell me about yourself .
i live on a houseboat . i docked it in the ocean and fish all day for food .
i love it . what are you in school for ?
that is a commendable profession !
have you read any jane austin ? she is my favorite .
are you an animal lover ?
that would be too heartbreaking for me to do .
yes , i care about them more then people typically .
hey how are you doing this evening ?
i am well just watching the news .
well i am very comfortable just kind of leaning back smoking a cigarette . you ?
ride ? like on bike or something ?
nice i just got off the road a couple months ago . hitchhiking
eh its alright . i have been propositioned a couple of times
no it was pretty weird my guy
hi names ned and i love to eat fast food a lot ,
haha yeah well i am fit and won olympic medals
i am from the us and love to listen to music called queens of the stone age
ow i have not ridden a horse in a long time . i have to take certain medications
well its because of my liver .
its a genetic liver disease .
me too . it sucks because i am young and pretty healthy besides this liver thing
i work , as an accountant or j . j . morgan .
hi ! how are you doing ? what do you do ?
wow , amazing ! how was it ?
now that you are back , you should check out lamping !
you should reasearch it ! its awesome ! i do that in the forest on weekends
did you miss your family while you were away ? i really miss my father .
oh my ! i live at home with just my mom . ca not imagine also 23 cats !
no , thanks ! i am 32 . i should get a wife , not a cat .
ok , maybe you are right . you should be in sales !
hi , how are you today ?
sounds great . what did you make ?
i am always looking for new recipes to make for my 7 year old daughter
not usually , but anything to get more vegetables into her diet
i would love to cook more but we live in a small apartment
congratulations on your own business . my boyfriend is looking for work right now
anything i hope , lol
yes , but we are young , i am sure we will find something . where is your cafe ?
what is your favorite soda to drink
i really like to read . you ?
are you a married person
six flags great adventure to drink dr . pepper
what is your professional job
do you have any dogs
i have four dogs . what is your favorite way to eat fish
i work in nursing . how is your health
hey there how are you ?
i am trying to get my degree in chicago .
i can tell , i like mysteries also .
i never heard of it , like sports ?
got any siblings ? i am young , younger than them all .
i like to read and play tennis also .
why is your dad in prison ? i am getting my degree in law
yes my studies are going great
hi how are you today
hi how are you today
what will you eat then
nice let me have some fresh eggs
nice where do you work
do you listen to music
what kind of truck is it
wow you sound like a cool guy
how has you night been going so far ?
good , went for drinks with friends , now home alone
i love dogs , probably more than a spouse if i had one
sound like a great companion , i spend most of my free time shopping online
usually household necessities , they are much cheaper online
anything but rap , what is your music preference ?
agreed ! my first choice wound be country , grew up listening to it
hello , how are you today ?
i am catching up on , the walking dead do you watch the show ?
that is awesome , i enjoy reading , i actually just read a book on brewing .
i like coffee , i drink it while reading harry potter .
i understand , i am a vegetarian , i wonder which is worse ?
i live in vegas , i mostly stay in and read .
it is , but i would rather stay in and read a good book
hello ! great to meet you !
i do ! a dog . he loves to ride in my blue car .
that is cute ! i could not live on a farm ! it would mess up my blue shoes .
they are ! do you like traveling ?
oh that is cool . i love art ! music mostly though .
i do ! elvis is my favorite !
graceland ? that sounds like such an awesome idea !
overeating always beats my stress
kindergarten that s what i m teaching because of kids i like kids
sometimes i do but most of the nope coz i am more into styling
my surroundings in the classroom too
stylish and i adjust to what the kids want
nothing really special how about you
wow what kind of work you get
that's awesome how often you go to work
hi , what is your name and where are you from ?
my parents named me omar after my grandfather .
i have never been to nebraska , i have never been out of ohio .
i love music . i like to play the guitar .
my mom has several teapots in our farmhouse
i do not have cats , however i have two brothers !
i am the youngest , so have not been married yet .
hey ! how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing well ! just playing some guitar after dinner .
i am still learning , on my free time , so just the basics right now . do you play ?
i do have a job by day i am a scientist but i am also trying to be a chef . you ?
thank you for your service . are you good at first person shooter games ?
i like to play , but i always wondered if it was easier for people with practical experience .
hello , how are you tonight ?
good , just spending time with my 2 and 6 year old .
james and wyatt . do you have kids ?
i love that name ! tell me about yourself .
those are both good qualities . i am from a place called sterling heights
it is in michigan , we own an auto repair shop here . what do you do ?
oh that sounds interesting . what kind of art ?
i do , one trip to maui we saw a man creating a sculpture on the beach
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am pretty good . just turned 26 this may .
nice ! i am getting ready for a big move in a couple months , going to california .
it really is ! san diego is expensive , but it looks great .
i can get better job opportunities than my gas station gig there too .
what sort of music you listen to ? i am really into punk stuff .
hi . ai am not too nice
i am nuts nuts nuts nuts
hi my name is is is is
no no no no no
i like to eat . i am fat
ho ho ho ho hoho
more fat more fat more fat
steak and chocolate . oh my my my
hi how are you ? would you like to chat ?
lol that is alright my kids are mostly grown so i have seen scary
have 20 tats myself , love to garden and cook for my small town .
sounds fun , i am disabled and boring for the most part but love new friends
kids are supposed to come home this weekend for a family day maybe sometime next week ?
in south carolina , have fun in oregon though i hear weed is legal there .
nice they never did anything for me but i know people that love them
lol nah would not ask anyone to risk freedom
hey how are you doing tonight ?
that is cool i like to read too .
i understand . i like to listen to music .
that is cool . i play music all the time .
that sounds interesting i have never went on a blind date .
haha i have 3 dogs so i understand that .
yes they are . buster , buddy , and brett
thank you i got them all three at the same time .
hello tell me about yourself
i love friends , i also like mexican food and animals
i love mexican for the summer time , fajitas !
i really do not have much with my two kids
how old are they mine is 2 and 5
my kids might never heard of them
what genre are they considered ?
i think i have heard of them but never listened to them
hello , how are you today ?
i have been having a hard time connecting with people .
i have always been with my parents , they homeschooled me .
not well . i use art to express myself instead .
no , i do not feel alive . i have to scream to bring myself back sometimes .
no , not at the moment .
what job do you do ?
that sounds like a nice job .
i eat most of the day , hungry most of the time
my wife and my kids want me to get a corvette
yeah , it is my children that really want me to get a corvette
nah , i would rather get a corvette asap , it will fulfill my life
this will make me feel more secure , black jack will help me win
i am in on it , the corvette dream is becoming a reality
i am glad you feel that way , i feel more confident in my life now
there is more to life than money , so young to love money
lady gaga is the only real pop singer now . others are just karaoke artist .
all popular music is performed karaoke style except lady gaga , my favorite .
we are opposite . i go to at least 1 concert every month . sometimes more .
i love animals just as much as music . i would not be able to pick one .
i went to 18 concerts last year including lady gaga and my favorite , madonna .
madonna is a vegan and my all time favorite but i like pizza .
i took a few girlfriends . we go to lots of concerts .
hello there ! do you have any hobbies ?
i am looking to get away from my house . i am vacation hunting ! lol
nice ! i am definitely jealous . all alone on the beach ?
i did not think any cats liked water . learn something new everyday . whats his name ?
sounds like it . lol do you live near the beach or you on vacation ?
that is what i need to do . then i would be on vacation all the time !
hopefully you are not looking in florida ! lol
hi , how are you ? i enjoy learning new things
its not my favorite really
i think they are pretty good too , i do not like the burgers though
i do not eat meat anymore though . ha
nice are you a student like me ?
cool . i am going to college for software development
interesting . it seems like a good career
hi . how are you today ?
right on . got to stay healthy .
my main strategy is meditation . mental health comes first .
have you ever run from the police ? you will never run faster . maybe from dogs or zombies .
i have got in trouble a few times . but i am in school now, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of business.
my major is business . i am a major business
i ski . in the alps . and i play bridge . professionally
i am a grandmaster . i think they rank bridge players like chess .
hello is karma something you think about ?
i read about that once
dating , i have never done it
sure , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i really like waffles too
i make hot dogs for a living .
i like to adopt pets
hey how it going today
great how are you doing ?
sweet , i recently just got out of high school and work on a farm
haha you sound very nice , ppl think i am older because of my beard
cool , nice i love my beard
wow what kind of experiences ?
hi how are you today
florida is beautiful are you going to orlando ? i am in houston
winter is the perfect time to go . have you ever been to australia or texas ?
i love texas i am going to live in australia next year for my boyfriend
yes they do ! do you like to sing
what kind of songs do you sing ? i cant sing but i do jog
yellow is a nice color i like blue
i give my blood the end of each month for my sister she died few years ago
hey . i am 44 years old and just became a new grandparent .
that is too bad . i love sunshine , but weirdly prefer the nighttime and 3 dragons
i always have this thing where i cant decide between a chili corn dog or cheese dog
yeah . its still a corn dog but you end up eating it with a fork
you probably do not want to know whats in it
probably but surprisingly those regulations are not that strict .
oh i know . i drive over an hour to work every day to run one .
in my area its in the summer .
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is good , i like to hike too especially is i can listen to justin bieber .
i bet you travel a lot , i wish i had traveled more before i got cancer .
yeah that is a long way , do people listen to bieber there ?
i would smile but i do not have much emotion these days .
most people cannot tell what mood , i have no expressions .
just terrible at normal reactions to things , wo not matter in 6 months .
hey , there . are you doing anything fun ?
i wish i had energy to make something to eat . do you cook ?
sounds reasonable . do you work ?
i need a job but its hard to get one with my blue and orange hair
my hats are dirty with most of my clothes . hows the chevy treating you ?
did it cost you a lot of money ?
i have never had a car before . maybe once i stop being a slacker and get a job .
hi
playing with my labrador , his name is butter
aww , how old is she ?
we do too ! we are going to Paris in the spring
what snack ?
where were you born ? I am from San Francisco
haha
hi ! mac and cheese is the best ! what kind of food do you like ?
not as good as mac cheese , but still ok . what do you do ?
cars i work on cars . pays just ask year , but what can you do about that . . .
other hobby watching tv from the couch all day ! you ?
what color do you like to dye your hair ?
wow ! i am sure you will get some interesting comments about it .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
sounds fun , what is her favorite color ?
love pink , also love red currently
wow , seven years , sounds like a good deal
about five years with my boyfriend , think i will keep him
have a good night , hope your team wins
where are you from originally ?
new york . i have a tiny place here
what kind of cars ?
i am studying to be an artist
my little cat likes when i am a couch potato
my little cat is named rose after my favorite flower
what are you allergic to ?
hello , how are you today ?
doing good ! what do you do for work ?
i currently perform factory work . boring , but i am productive .
i used to , not anymore . i sleep a lot because of my job .
does that mean you are a social person ?
i tend to not be social because i work nights
does sleep count as fun ? what about you ?
hi , how has your day been ?
yes it is a sad day . what is your favorite video game ? mine is halo 3 .
got ya . i have a moped i drive around .
i bet there are ! it was so hot today i had to take a cold shower !
awesome ! i cannot wait for it to cool off !
good idea ! i may do that tomorrow
hello . how are you today ?
i am a little tired . i have to go to work in a little while . at mcdonalds .
yes . playing football and video games . what about you ?
cool ! i also live playing with my pet iguana . he is very friendly .
awwww . i love kids . i cannot wait to have kids .
i am sure you do . when i was little , i always wanted to be a teacher .
me too . i am very organized .
hi there . how are you tonight ?
oh that sounds good ! i love meat , especially raw meat .
computer repair , i am highly skilled in this profession
i nurse animals at times when i am at the farm
no but have some family that owns one . its far from where i live now
me too . i love being helpful to people who need a hand
yes , they live in my hometown which is far away
hello , so this entire character chat is going to be me insulting myself .
that is sweet ! i am very below average height !
apparently i am also very round , others would call me fat !
i often try to read because i like it , but i am not too good at it !
same , i like to believe that i am smart . but others do not agree .
music is nice i try to wear headphones but my face cheeks are just too big .
wow lol that is mean ! ! ! apparently i have enough issues i do not need this too
it started off nice but i am not sure suggesting an ed is the way to go .
apparently i deserve it though , did you see all the stuff i said !
how are you doing today ?
just very very stressed right now
i am trying to open a family run grocery store
even with a degree in marketing it involves a lot of planning
living with my parents they have been very helpful
i do not i have to spend a lot of time figuring out what color is what
i am red and green color blind
good morning . how are you doing today ?
sorry to hear that . i am doing fine .
i play in a rock band . i am lead guitar .
that is great . whats your favorite video game ?
i am not a big sports person . i run frequently though .
cool . how is their team doing this year ?
this rain sucks ! ca not do any lamp in the forest because of it .
where do you live ? what do you do for work ?
oh , i am a general of the oris army .
oh , i would settle to just be able to move out of my moms house .
yeah , but i am 32 and my mom does not want me to move out .
i guess she does . but at least you get paid to dress up .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i was searching for where to get the rick and morty sauce .
you could use your beard to store crumbs for later snacks
i write novels in my free time , but i am studying english in college
not yet , i am studying to get my degree now
not in a long time , we went on a class trip back in grade school
my soul is black , and that is why it is my favorite color
my phone is an iphone , but that is pretty standard . you ?
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i am great . super excited its hockey season ! ! ! !
minnesota wild here . my best friend is in pittsburgh now
nice my younger sibling runs . i like to walk
i did a paper on coke for my business class once .
i agree . what do you do for work ?
that sounds like a lot of fun . i love dogs !
hello somebody how is your day going today ?
great and congrats on your new job
i work for myself making people laugh lol , i mean a comedian
where are you from for me I originate from what you call a little town
great . i love the theater and went for one last night
great . what drink do you love . mine is cuba libre
hi there , how is your evening going ?
i am sorry to hear that . i should see if i can track them down on my motorcycle
its because i do not have a harley , but i got a new job so maybe soon
when i am not cleaning the gutters at my new job , i do archery !
you like red do not you . you like archery , what about jess greenberg ?
its a singer . my favorite . i met him at the archery center i am always at .
yes , i would be better my doc tells me if i did not eat too many carbs
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
party weekend . . it was amazing
kind of a get together with friends
traffic is major hassle here . . i get mad
my work place is a bit far
i work in a bank, but I wish I could live in a house with a garden to plant blue flowers.
hey how is it going ?
that is great how many do you have ?
wow that is a lot of grandchildren .
i do not have any kids , its just me and siblings .
i am well on my way trust me .
reading is great . i love practicing piano .
i know it helps for sure .
hi ! i am taking a break from the kids and pets . how are you ?
good ! took my kids on a nature walk today so now i am enjoying a rest .
i like to take the kids and dogs on nature walks . good excuse to leave the house
mmmm . yellow i suppose . what do you do ?
oh cool . my husband works in it
i am a stay at home mom . i chase kids and dogs all day
so do you work for apple part time ?
but you are also a stay at home mom ?
how are you tonight ? i am listening to my favorite classic radio program .
my impalas name is tiger . i love my car
only english . my favorite season is summer .
i like going fishing in the summer .
i do not know . what do you call batman ?
that is a funny joke . . . lol
nah , i am boring . but i do like watching hearing comedy.
hi how are you doing
i am good just getting back from a hike
yeah it is so good for you and gives me more energy throughout the day
yeah but i prefer coffee
i am a barista i love to make new drinks
in a local coffee shop near san francisco
that is cool does she cut your hair
please do that sounds like fun
hi are you still there ?
i see . i am about to watch my favorite movie good burger
sure got it . have you seen that before ?
i like the movie a lot also love to do canning and whittling
to keep fit i do to chase the cheetahs while i visit the zoo ahahah
just visit but i am an excellent athlete
i currently work from home but still improving on my athletic skills
i do not like it so much . which one is your favorite ?
hope you are having a good day . i am just enjoying my new home
office supplies are good to have . do you work in an office ?
i like dogs myself . i wish there was a purple dog . i love purple
i have read that book . do you like music ? i like the band korn
that is awesome . what did you not like about it ?
that is great good teachers are important .
no one likes the tax assessor . i wish i could go swimming today
is it cold where you are at ?
i have 5 siblings and i am the youngest.
my hair is pink the patients love it.
i am a nurse in grand rapids.
cool , i am scared of bees allergic . yes i do do you ?
what kind of radio station do you work at ?
that is so dope ! what station ?
it was nice talking to you , typing ? are
you were not scared being blind ?
hi how are you today ?
pretty good do you have family ?
i have a brother in the NFL
what is your favorite food ?
my favorite is popcorn honestly
are there musicals about horses ?
hello . i am a vegan yoga instructor
that is too bad . i love meeting new people in my class
i love yoga and i love to teach . it seemed like a good fit for me lol
i am sorry ! sometimes stretching beforehand helps . do you like movies ?
pretty woman . i love rom coms . they inspire my poetry
that one is hilarious . i love barney ! lol
yes he is . his stunts and cons crack me up !
hello how are you ? i have one child , and i am married .
ll . i own my own company , but i do not show up very much .
i do , but i make less than 100k a year .
yes , professional . but i wish i could pay my employees more than minimum wage though .
that is too bad . you feel more comfortable in your cardigans while programming ?
do not feel dumb , everyone has their own strengths .
my spouse and my child . it might sound silly , but its true .
thank you . they are my entire world . second is my company lol .
hi how are you today
i am doing ok listening to some music trying to learn the guitar parts
i do i use to live by one .
it was cool wish i would have went more
i just skateboard and ride my bike now a days
yeah i am pretty good i think but compared to other people not really
yeah it relaxes me when i am stressed out
hello , how are you today ?
that is awesome ! congrats ! i am working on my masters
i am studying social sciences . i hope you like pizza .
can you cook ? if you can , you can make extra money by cooking for people .
what do you play ? i love call of duty .
fallout is my absolute favorite . i love the elvis school , wish it were real .
dogmeat is my favorite . he is one cool dog .
he is . they need to make fallout go !
hi . how are you ? so excited . started new job today
i am ok too . looking forward to vacation next month . love traveling . you ?
wow . i only have a cat . i like them . her eyes are my favorite color green
how big is she ? is not it hard to travel with them ? i like traveling
do the dogs get along with the cat ?
do you like to spend time outdoors with your labs ?
that is cool . you are all athletic !
hello how are you doing tonight ?
surprised i can type this since i do not know how to write
i know i have a purpose after i survived a brain aneurysm
i cannot since i cant see more than a few hundred feet in front of myself
that is good then you can still work . i hang out with my cats . only have 5 now, if I could, I would adopt more cats to keep me company.
i miss my 6th cat . she ran away . i like dogs too
i married my best friend my 12th grade
thank goodness i married my man . he was there when i called 911 for my brain aneurysm
hi there , how are you doing ?
i personally am a fan of iphone
i love my 7 plus . i do not like android
i am tall , i like running , and i am staunchly pro iphone
my favourite bedtime story is if you give a mouse a cookie
he must have good taste in books
does he like school too ? i like school a lot
that is amazing 1 good for you
hey how are you doing today , i just finished school .
oh wow , is it your first job ?
i am still in high school , when do you start work ?
oh really , how many kids do you have ?
what 5 , that is a lot . . . i only have 2 siblings .
she must be really progressive if she is a lawyer , what do you do ?
i like to dance anytime . we have prom coming soon i am a senior .
what are you talking about , what food
hi i am martha i am currently dieting
atkins what do you do for work ?
i like riding horses when i get the chance i am pretty busy in realty business
usually once a month . how has your weekend been ?
it was pretty boring i drove a vintage car tho
cool how was it ? guessing it was fun
hopefully you are able to do that
ok have a good night
hi how are you doing
i am great just reading
is that your favorite band
where do you work at
i do proofreading for hallmark
i am getting very close
what will you do there
hi , how are you ? please tell me about yourself !
i love listening to music , mostly nickelback . i am vegan !
yes for sure ! i just started work as a librarian . you ?
oh that is so cool ! you must be very handy !
me too . i am devout catholic and help community when i can !
well , I really want to learn to swim . you ?
hey i am new to this chat , have you ever heard of up dog ?
. . p folk metal you say ? whats something like that sound like ?
dang you put honey on your tacos ? i am way into it
jalapeno jelly honey is devine . someday i wanna live at the beach though
whats its name , she good off leash ?
wicked . you got night terrors or what ? i enjoy talking to you stranger
i have always wanted a monkey as a pet . . maybe someday . something non-aggressive
i would venture to guess you might be right . they have too much hair to dry . .
hello , how are you doing today ?
same here . i work at a doctors office . where do you work ?
i am just a receptionist .
oh cool . what are you hobbies ?
sounds interesting . i am only into dogs .
i am boring . reading is my only hobby . do you have kids ?
oh okay . i am very much single with no kids . hopefully one day .
all i have is my dogs and my lillies .
i want you to know , i love my chicken fried , and cakes has to be chocolate
i see , i love video games , and i am the youngest of my family
really , do you also stay up late like me ?
that is a lot of money , i am happy for you .
ha ha , not really , i stay up because i just cannot sleep
sometimes , i wake up and run to the kitchen asap
hello , how are you doing .
i am in chicago . what is your plan today
yes , nice weather today . i just bought a shirt today .
its a t shirt . i bought it because it has a unicorn in it .
what is your favorite band
what do you do
hey how are you doing today ?
i am busy too with this lion i just shot
yeah , i am going to cry and watch gone with the wind later .
i will make a clay model in the honor of the lion
why not . i am a pretty good artist
do they have safe spaces ?
the world is not a safe place
no way i would never be a bills fan
fair enough . they stink anyways .
hello . how are you this evening ?
why is that ? mine is not either . i love imported beers .
i love beer , but coffee is the drink of the gods . favorite music ?
that is cool . i really enjoy working on cars
i like classic cars and enjoy classic rock .
i have a ford explorer sport . it is crap too .
haha . yeah , i am a marketing agent with a big company . think i would drive better .
it is boring to be honest . would rather play on stage for a metal band . haha
hello there . how are you today ?
great , thank you . what do you do on your spare time ? i read a lot
i have been into the game halo lately .
same here . what do you do for a living ?
red hair , how cool ! i work as an editor at a magazine
it is . love the color yellow . do you think it will look good as a haircolor ?
hello , my name is chloe , who are you ?
what took you so long george ? i want to go outside and play !
i do not like eggs . at preschool i spit them out .
my mom says that lentils have protein . but i want to dance not eat .
yea , my favorite is my pet zebra . i got it at disneyland .
me too , but we cannot go back till daddy gets a job .
hi ! what do you do for fun ?
i like to ride my bike but probably not as fast as you drive .
i imagine if you had an accident going too fast that would probably be easy to do .
ahhh just take out the front seat and drive from the trunk or something
i . . love nature . therefore i do not have a car . just a bike
do you cook for your family outside ?
i love to cook too ! and confuse people by speaking in one of three random languages
spanish , french and korean but certainly not english ; d
hello , how are you ? i am a mall cop , what do you do ?
it is fun . i like dogs ; do you ?
that is cool . i want to write a book on animals , one day .
yes . what kind of car do you like ? when i retire i want a corvette .
nice . are you married ? i just got divorced .
it is all good . you stay in school and get your education .
well just find positive people to speak with .
hi . whats up ? did you do anything interesting today ?
just went to practice with my band . we got a gig tomorrow .
for the band i play guitar . i can also play piano
oh yeah , totally . do you got any kids ?
i got 2 kids they are twin boys . i also got a step daughter
i got 3 older brothers . how bout you ?
hi . i am very healthy
i have no clue . it just happens
yes ! i do not know which ones though
i have a ton of grandkids
eight , i was super busy when younger
i love ferrets ! they are cute
bubbles bubbles bubbles bubbles bubbles bubbles
yes yes yes yes ye yes
hi ! how are you ?
cute , i have a cat too , we listen to vinyl records together after work
oh that is awful , you live with your parents ?
yea , i can never sit still it used to make my parents so mad
yea , but it is good , i fix planes and drive junk cars and fix those too
yea , i like fixing things , i think i could fix the world if i try hard enough
thanks . . . did you do anything fun today ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i do not do anything lol
i do not go anywhere all day
yes i hate my life
i hate everything so i do not know
i do hate that too
i hate those kinds of doctors
hi how are you today ?
i prefer country music . my new job does not allow music to be played
that sounds very nice ! i work at a local market .
there is meat and local vegetables . i work on the veggie side , i do not eat meat
i do it for health reasons . i loved it , but it does not love me .
i do sometimes , but there are so many great vegetarian options now .
for sure , we are open 7 days a week from 800 700 pm
i am irene , i read suspense books and love it
i started to write blogs to get my thoughts out there and share opinions with .
even though i have no one to share with my thoughts i have found other bloggers
i wish i had others around me to share my thoughts on the books i read
i have collaborated with other publishers
that is awesome what kind of professor ?
wow ! ! does your family talk to each other a lot ?
that is good . i am collaborating with some publishers about my book
hello , how are you and what would you like to tell me about you ?
i am robotic when i am cleaning . yea its something i love .
did not think that of you at all .
well i stay at home a lot so talking to anyone is a breath of fresh air .
yea it is a close second to the kids i stay at home with daily
i can understand that . i am that way with movies .
wow that is impressive . i do not have the energy for all of that .
hey how is it going ?
that is nice , i am fine just out here enjoying the cold weather
yes , i live up north it gets very cold up here
lol , i would i could , that is awesome !
that is funny , but i enjoy the cold winter is my favorite season
yea it can be , but i am very scared of heights so i would do roofing
i like it medium rare , i get my food at walmart
that is fine lol , do you like game of thrones ?
hi there , how are you this afternoon ?
wow you have a big family ! i am just returning to work after ballet class
i work in an office , not the most fun but it works . do you have any hobbies ?
i love cooking , tonight i am making homemade shells in a cheese sauce and salad !
i have only had venison a few times ! do you like cooking also ?
i love grilling too , we grill steaks and chicken lots over the summer
i also do hair and makeup . i have a long blonde mane that i curl and braid !
hi how are you today ?
i am alright i kinda want some beef
maybe a restaurant i think . do you like music ?
i play guitar in a band
are you in a relationship ?
i am in a very intimate and great one
i work at home its great
hello stranger ! tell me a bit about yourself .
i studied to be a lawyer , but gave it up to bake . do you like pecan pie ?
i am so upset with my landlord for raising my rent that i can hardly think !
he did not give a reason , but i plan on moving by christmas , which is my birthday !
thanks ! what do you do for a living ?
that is nice . do you have any hobbies ?
i love all kinds of music ! what do you like best ?
good evening how are you tonight ?
ha and i am eating ice cream
are you a florist ?
that is cool . whats your favorite flower ?
my uncle grew daylillys . he had hundreds of plants and would crossbreed his own varieties
i only work part time so i have time for a garden but no space apartment life !
hello how are you tonight
i am great i just am angry with the boss
i am a manager of an eatery and work too many hours
i am sorry to be hearing this
i would love to do that , but i am always helping my family
i am not sure , but they bug me a lot
that would be great i can not stand it
that would be so nice i listen to bob marley
hi ! i am sitting here enjoying my favorite drink , a caramel cappuccino . you ?
doing pretty good since i got off of work from the coffee shop an hour ago .
no . do you ? do you live near your parents ? mine are living across the street .
i love huskies ! do you read books ? i love books about true crime .
old or new version ? i love playing on both . did you get the new old system ?
i got the first old one , but i did not care to get the super nes .
yea and a rip off since it is more than the first version was .
yep . what is your favorite food ?
hello . what kind of music do you like ?
oh cool . what do you program ? i am more into rap myself .
i work as a medic . i love saving lives . do you like your job ?
i like my job but if i could leave it and fish full time , i would !
i have dogs too ! they keep me company since i do not have a girlfriend .
i talk to my mom every day so who has time for women ?
what kind of charity do you work for ?
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
i love art painting , drawing , sketching , all that
i take walks a lot with my three kids . we present we live on mars
do you ever do karate ?
could you teach me sometime ? i do not know how
maybe i can visit you in new york and we can explore the art museums
i just recently graduated from nursing . what kind of work do you do ?
i love going out to eat , especially eating sushi .
no , sweet potatoes . my two kids hate potatoes . got to make them happy .
big dogs . i guess being an athlete helps . what makes you happy ?
helping people . i guess that is why i am a nurse .
mostly , assist the doctors and take care of my patients .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work ?
i am a bartender every night
i have never been but i was in the marines
i did when i was a marine
and who would that be ?
oh that makes sense then give me the initials
hello there ! how is your day going .
spectacular . my mind , body , and soul are functioning well together
i am the youngest of four , i geocache and eat chocolate
i do not know , but they are not allowed to be my friend
absolutely ! what should we do friend ?
i like to play piano and read people
hi there ! how are you ?
i am good , just got home from work . i am a stocker at walmart .
i am , but i will not be when i leave for college in 3 months .
weekends to do homework i am sure whilst i listen to muse . my favorite
i only eat vegan , so i am sure my roommates will love that p haha
my dad loves beets . going to miss working with him on cars ! he is a mechanic
not much else . how about you ?
hey there . . . how are you today . . .
i am eating dinner . fish . i also had fish for breakfast and lunch . i only eat fish
i think this chat is bugging . . my character description changed
i do not draw . i like to jump straight out of the water .
maybe . i am a democrat and my parents are very tall . i love fish . is that weird ?
i like to watch lots of things . my eyesight is very . . . very . . good .
that is good . its refreshing . most people are scared of me , but i think i am nice .
i think you are nice too . and no . . . i am a very simple person . what about you ?
hi , i am in college at alabama university , how are you ?
pretty smart , my major is geology . what do you do ?
are you in a relationship ? i have been with the same girl for 7 years now .
good for you , do you like sports ? i never miss a alabama u football game .
i have never had alcohol , have you ?
yes it is , what kind of store do you work at ?
i worked a grocery store in high school , where are you located ?
love scooby doo , the flintstones are better though .
hello how are you doing ?
good was just watching an anime show on tv i really like that type
yes ! my mom used to like that but she passed away in 1979
yes i have one daughter and five grandsons
brats . . lol when i was a child i had to get a job to help
that is a good thing .
i bet . you know i wish i could swim , never learned how
what are you up to today ?
what flavour is your pie ? i love pies !
i love pecan and any fruit pie . i do not eat meat .
that is great . i have to get meat for my cats though
i have 4 . they are so greedy .
yes , wet food in the morning before i head off to work
that is unusual . what do you do for a job ?
i am an accountant in the city . commute is a nightmare .
do you know canada at all ?
i try and get there every autumn fall you say .
my sister is english but she met a sweet canadian
can i draw you ? or read to you ?
lol , sure , whatever you want . just do not tell my husband
will you build me one ? to read in ?
how much money ? where will it be ? in canada ?
oh , that makes sense . bill my husband the costs please
because of me ? how ? what ?
oh okay . i was going to get really sad . and go read stephen king
hey my man , how is it shaking ?
i am doing good , like everyday
i do not work , haha , i am very rich .
i do not have to ever work again . i love it .
i travel everywhere i want .
i have been everywhere , i am so cool . so happy i played the lottery but sometimes wish I could spend more time with my family like you do.
i hope you win as much as i won
a few million is chump change .
hi there . how is it going ?
oh cool . i have been baking a cake .
oh cool . what type of bar is it ?
oh that is cool . i am in dance competitions .
i am pretty short . blonde hair blue eyes .
maybe i will . my boyfriend might not like that though .
oh , thank you . i would love to marry a lawyer .
i am twenty six . what about you ?
hi what are you up to ?
oh . hows that going ?
that is good , so what else do you like to do other than study your english ?
that is awesome i am a lot of things lol scientist , parent and avid artist
its short for laughing out loud . yes i do , i have 2
i was born here in america . do you like it here ?
in chicago , illinois . very different weather from down there around this time .
hi . how are you doing today ?
i am great . what i am a personal chef . how about you ?
awesome ! do you ever enjoy creating new recipes ? i do !
ya , i understand . i am curious whats your favorite color ? mine is hunter green .
not really . if i have extra time i like watching moves and sleeping .
i also enjoy daydreaming about opening a restaurant one day . what are your aspirations ?
that is exciting ! i specialize in keto recipes , so a restaurant featuring that type of food .
whats your major ? keto is high fat , low to no carb style of eating .
hi there i am a nurse
oh cool where do you like to visit
i like to visit national parks
yes , do you play any musical instruments
yes i am a violinist , are you married ?
ok , what do you study ? i met my man as a first year .
oh right , sorry i can be lost in my own thoughts sometimes
well that would explain my grade as well
hi there . how are you tonight ?
i am good . i talk and type fast .
country . do you think the moon landing was real ? i do not .
my gut . tell me something about yourself .
i am an extra thumb on my right hand .
i wish my parents would have had it removed .
it is very annoying and weird .
no , but i see them stare .
hello how are you doing ?
i love to cook italian . what is your mom cooking ?
sounds very tasty ! and very southern .
op i get it . i spoil my nieces so ,
do you have any pets ?
awesome . i am all about my dog . a french bulldog .
labs are really great dogs
are you in school or work ?
hello , how are you , my name is george .
i am good , how are you ? i like playing video games , do you ?
do you like dogs ? i have two and they like hunting with me .
oh , i like football , but what i do not like is broccoli .
they are 2 years old . do you have any pets ?
horses are very pretty , i used to ride .
no , only in the city .
hey , what are you up to today
that sounds busy , i am planning a huge party
i am a professional party planner , i could plan one for you
it is just my job , but yeah i guess every day is a celebration
i am sorry , sounds like you work too much
possibly , i am a communist so i am not sure i agree with your capitalist ideas
that is true , i think blue is not bad
probably pink , it was the one my sister liked best
hi ! i love eating mac and cheese while i watch tv on the couch all day !
that sounds like fun . when i do bother to go to work i make cars .
oh that sounds interesting . do you own livestock ?
i went to the zoo last week . i saw some chickens there .
yeah they had all sort of amazing animals . even pigeons ! i never saw one of those before !
every few months i really love looking at wildlife .
i have never been camping . too much of a city guy .
yes that is true . but I would probably have to leave my couch at home .
hey , what is your favorite color ? mine is red .
i pay the bills with a job at a coffee shop . love being a balista .
do you have a car ? mine is a prius and has great gas mileage .
so glad that i drive as i work 15 minutes from home .
you are lucky . my mom used to cut hair for a living .
i would love to be a writer but am a better artist .
nice . what do you write about ?
sweet . i am so jealous . i can barely write my name .
hello what do you like to do ?
ew i am vegan but i also like to read .
oh i adore dogs and no i am focusing on higher education
no but i adore country !
nope i do not want any
i am a singer through and through
i have a dog a cat and a few birds
hey you how is it doing today ?
dancing ! nice . i grow plants .
yeah well the second best . the best is the power of . . . crystals .
with my curly locks of hair i need a wider palette of colors than you
the chili or the band ?
i love onions but never cooked
you should quit and sail the seas
you wish you could travel like me .
i bought a prius in my favorite color ! what do you drive ?
red ! i like to dance and have fun , so it is the perfect color .
you are a runner ? i envy you . i sell coffee .
my mom would make coffee before her shift every afternoon . good memories .
super early hours . almost opposite of my mother . she was a hairdresser .
she liked it . i like dancing and drinking coffee more though .
we should jog to the coffee shop and then go dancing !
hi ! have you come to admire my dress , make up , or just generally bask ?
oh my gosh ! ! ! ! i love boots . i have one pair for every . single . dress . amazon is amazing .
4 ? ! how can you give each enough attention ? i cannot even give myself enough !
well that would certainly help ! maybe i need to consider that lifestyle more love for me !
can do . has to be at least equal attention or i am out , though . i am worth it .
love shopping , but if i were not as fabulous as i am , it would be pointless . yours ?
i am . who would not be ? i am the whole package . just need to meet another whole package .
i am constantly being watched ; this confirms my bias . what do you and your gfs do ?
hey there , how are you today ?
oh nice , i prefer italian food to mexican though
do you have any hobbies ?
oh , how many kids do you have ?
i used to drive my mother crazy , i liked to smoke , i am tee total now though
that is not good , having anxiety i mean . does the medication help ?
not at the moment , do you ?
hi i like reading what do you enjoy doing ?
that sounds interesting i read a lot on the weekends
i have been reading since i was three . that sounds interesting .
my parents said i was so interested they had to teach me i know French also .
yes i would like to go back to school since i did not finish . you ?
that is very sweet i like animals also do you have any ?
that is cool . i have two dogs . i do not like mice though
i understand they just scare me i do not know why . anything for our kids .
good morning to anyone who is awake out there
i am fine i just took my best friend my dog for a walk
are you into high tech ? i am a accountant by trade
yes they are sure special little devices
anything can drive them . even a leprechaun can
yes i even follow norte dame football
hey how is it going , do you like college football
that is more important i enjoy football
yeah its fun , just keep pushing it will work , i am a single dad
well that most def will
wow that is very impressive
yeah they are expensive , i have 2 boys who never stop growing
wow you color blind , anyone can help you with colors like family
drink beer and eat food , also football ?
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am great ! relaxing after work by watching palladin ! how are you ?
i love pretzels ! where do you work ?
yes , i am a waitress at a sports bar ! what do you do outside of work ?
me too , but not too loud when my parents are home ! do you like to read ?
i mostly listen to disney songs , but i like listening to rock when i play soccer .
hello how are you today ?
great i am eating tacos .
neither is my cat , fluffy
i sleep talk just so you know .
i really really like hot dogs
i view sunday films mostly .
mostly metal the folk kind .
i really like waffles too
hello ! my name is alex
nice to meet you ! what do you do for fun ?
that is awesome what are you going to school for ? i love sports especially biking
that is very interesting , are you into any sports ?
that sounds amazing ! tell me about your new car
wow well congrats on the new car !
well one thing about my story is that i cannot stand carrots
just like i can not stand glasses i have contacts
hello how are you ?
congratulations , i auditioned for a cooking show ! how cool is that ?
no , i auditioned as a child but i failed horribly .
congratulations , i like cooking a lot , i keep trying even though i failed so young .
nice , at least we have that in common .
that is cool , what do you do there ?
no , i kind of suck at life .
hi there , do you enjoy the smell of leather as much as i do ?
would it stop you from skating or skiing ? my favorite pass times .
do you own a motorcycle , mine is fast .
that is cool , do you know i own sixty shoes ?
both my dogs chew them up
i race my car and my bike .
i would definitely win , but sure why not ?
i am a girl and i am poor
i love paint and trees
of course i can i like to lie
i also play the lottery
yea for you so happy to hear
you will not you have to study
yes they are and i love tv
hey ! how are you ? where are you from ? i live in texas in austin .
oh cool ! are you on social media ? i have fb tend to post everything i eat .
i cook new things constantly , so people do not like my posts , it makes me mad .
i do ! i follow a mexican on social media and like every post i see there
i agree , do they have naps in the afternoon like in spain ?
haha yes ! i have to agree . i like naps , especially because i have an 18 month old
actually , we watch things in american sign language , my dad is teaching her german
hi how are you tonight ?
i am doing well . can you play piano ?
noah do you play basketball ?
do you ever do geocaching
i do in my spare time it rules
i am the youngest of 4 siblings so nowhere close
my mama raised me alone she is a strong woman
i am not even allowed to fly .
i did not i cant fly because of the high altitudes
i am scared straight of spiders omg do not start me on it
lol i feel him my mama worked 2 hard jobs
cool , i got a weird habit of putting on sock on the left first
lol i know i pray every morning to god
hi there . tell me a little about yourself .
ha ! not recently , although the book i am reading has dragons in it .
no vikings , but i did read a great book about a viking warrior .
maybe . do you like any other animals besides dragons ?
that is fun . i love dogs . i spend all my free time at the animal shelter .
if you find any stray dogs i will gladly take them in .
wonderful ! when you are kind to others you will receive kindness in return .
how are you doing today ?
i am just spending time waiting for my uber . i cant stand driving .
i do not work . i am too sickly . i need 4 pills a day to function
nothing really just a young person with bad health .
yes . but i find joys in little things like listening to the backstreet boys
they are great . do you work ?
hi how are you today ?
i am well do you eat meat ?
well that is not good i am a vegetarian
i became ne after i inherited my pig farm
well i am allergic to pigs
yeah but its a living _
hi . bring watching breaking bad on netflix . what are you up to ?
hey i would love to do school . what is your major ?
cool . i wonder if i could go to school in vegas .
my sister and i would like to move there if we can .
i think it could be awesome . where is your school ?
i do not think that we discriminate based on height .
wow . that is far . how long have you been doing that ?
how are you ? i am watching forensic files !
well , sometimes ! accept country
no , but i am very jeopardy !
i meant to say i am very good at jeopardy , and i like watching basketball , not playing !
do you like school dances ?
i see ! what kind of fod do you like ?
i meant , I see ! what kind of food do you like ?
hi how is it going ? my name is robbie .
i love getting up early to see the sun come up .
not as much as i would like . i work 60 hours per week .
that is cool . good exercise . i should work out more .
i imagine . okay weird habit . i eat breakfast and go back to bed ,
i like it too . so creative and artistic .
you are really into it . what else do you like ?
that is awesome ! is it hard to do that ?
hello , how are you ?
that is awesome , do you play any instruments ?
if you consider the bass musical !
selling washer , i love it
so dirty , i should write about it , i wanted to be a journalist .
can i bring my french bulldog on the voyage ?
as long as we can listen to red hot chili peppers .
i just got off work . i am ready to relax and listen to some classical music . you ?
same here . i love cooking for my grandchildren .
at my age , just death . i distract myself by quilting and working . do you ?
yes i have a cat named phil . i forgot about clowns . i hate them !
www . pets are the best companions .
i understand . my cat is stuck inside one room because my grandchildren are allergic .
hello , my name is john and i am a elementary school teacher .
i like pizza , and yours ?
well , i like to shop . what are your hobbies ?
oh , nice . where do you live ?
my parents are from japan and i reside in toronto , canada .
yes , i have four , and you ?
hi , i am josh , i have just returned from the beach .
that is so cool ! how old were you when you started ?
good for you ! what is your major ?
sounds serious . what will be your profession ?
how is married life ? do you have kids ?
i hope i find one like that someday .
i need to establish myself first . just switched jobs , no home of my own .
so what plans and aspirations do you have now ?
hi there . how is your day so far ?
very busy . lots to do
anything exciting planned for the weekend ?
nah . what about you ? that sounds fun
anyone important or that we both know ?
good to know . how exciting and thoughtful
how is the family ? are they keeping you busy ?
probably best for safety and all .
do you want to make me some pizza ?
i guess i could wait for you
that is private , sorry ,
hmm , reading , and eating pizza .
i do not . but i would win .
well because you have not played me
i do , i love the internet . i read e books .
hi
what do you do ?
do you live on a farm ?
where ?
any other hobbies ?
do you own chickens ?
cows ?
hi ! how are you ? guess who i ran into the other day ?
are you a student ? jimmy fallon !
at a restaurant . how is math ? do you need help ?
i do . do you like music ? do you play any instruments ?
i am good with the piano . that is cool you are into sports !
what do you want to study work ?
good luck with the math problems !
hey , can i take your order ? oops . forgot i am off work .
they do not have those at my mcdonald
hand feeding my iguana , king puffy , french fries . wyd ?
are you going to cook for me ?
sad . whats your favorite movie ?
honestly , how boring . how old are you ? you seem old .
yeah , you are pretty old . i am young and crisp . 24 .
hi names sam and i hike in the woods throughout my week .
that is awesome . i am french and speak english and french fluently
my two border collies are now crawling over me
i am interpreter , and i hope to move to the states and start my life there .
that is awesome ! i am also an artist , on my spare time .
i love the color baby blue
nice , do you like volunteering there ?
yes awesome ! is your family there too ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thans for asking
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like knitting on my free time
hi how are you doing this weekend tonight ?
i am fine i just ate some pizza i am full now .
cool my best food i love to eat is fried chicken .
yes i do i love games and i love to gamble .
i know i hate to lose my employment is working as a pilot .
yes i have a twin her name is jessica ,
sometimes i wish i had a twin how about you ?
i am a comedian i just like to make people laugh .
hey there how are you
it is that time of year on hbo
i am in my pjs i work for a cable company at home
yes i do an game of thrones is awesome !
yes i love it so much
i like to watch tv an movies like fairs ?
i been to a renaissance fair before it was cool
let me check you out then !
hi , outside is where i really like to be !
so cool ! , swimming is awesome , its my favourite thing !
that is neat ! , britney spears , she is the best , my most favourite of all ! !
i only eat pink , it is without a doubt the color i love !
outdoors in the daytime is where i like to be ! ,
yelpers , swimming is my passion , i love it !
brittney spears can swim , that is why i like her singing !
hi ! how are you today ?
i am good . . . other than the rain
yes raining good here . . . the perfect day for a book
well i am reading east of eden for a class
i am going to school to teach
it sounds exciting who did you see
he is so funny . . . i love watching him
hello , i am tommy salami . tell me about yourself
well nice to meet you john . sometimes i write about dragons
well that is pretty cool . i am 99 and i run every day
chili cheese dogs caused all of my first 6 heart attacks
coffee is okay . i prefer tea
i prefer to run through traffic to work
my grandchildren are blind , so they cant see me anyway
i miss my old pet cow . her name was chip
i live in georgia and yourself
that is great , what do you work as
oh well ! i am young
great ! how old are you ?
i am eighteen years old
yes , my favourite colour is black !
yellow curry , that is unique
i do , but chinese is better
hello how is your sunday ?
exercising on sundays is fun . i have romance novels to keep me busy
songs ? novels are the best .
reading is the best man ! i even read in my prius
that is very far away . being in the army i had to go there once
it was packed with a lot of people !
the music was very peaceful
i can not i do not remember the names of music
good evening , how are you ?
much better now that the power is back on . we got hit by the hurricane .
the bank i work at was down as well . i hear there are still many without power .
ugh , that is not good . you gotta be careful .
i have had a broken leg , never a broken arm .
i am sorry to hear that .
that is good . i cant wait for the restaurants to open , i am starving !
oh , i like asian , tex mex , a good steak house .
hi . how are you this morning ?
i am way too busy chasing komodo dragons .
there is absolutely no way . unless you plan to pay me in mangos .
that is a very profound and thought-provoking statement . maroon five inspires you ?
i believe people fall in and out of love throughout their lives . not right now .
sure . just bring them here in the morning and I got you for tonight or whenever .
i am not interested in your kale , woman ! mangos ! your kids are safe with me .
i just have my lizard buddies . we are not buddies really . more like rivals .
hello how are you doing tonight ?
better than the gross spider i had to kill tonight tuck
absolutely , my mom worked hard and raised me alone i always want to help those in need
i live in miami , usually warmer here except recently
yep super safe but i still pray every morning to kept my family safe
so does always putting on my left sock first
hi how are you doing
i am good excited for halloween
haha i love the horror movies
yeah its so adorable do people trick or treat at your house
that is fun do you like music
they are i love playing my violin
animals are nice do you have pets
hi how are you today ?
back from a nice bike ride , do you enjoy any out door sports ?
the only walking i will be doing is to get to work at the restaurant later
since i am alone , i often go biking with friends
it is italian , not going there to dine
no will be working serving dinners
i enjoy it but when i do go out with friends no italian food please
hey how is it going ?
that is awesome study anything good ?
i get ya , that is really cool , i cant say i have seen anything in Japanese
that is cool cant say i know much about that , lol .
how much does that cost , i am sure it is expensive .
good luck with that saving up for a trip can always be difficult .
hi how are you today ?
hi . why are you pissed ?
wow what a bitch ugh i am sorry
oh i could never do that
what are you going to do ?
i do not think he is the right one either
hi there . how are you
good thank you . i have got diabetes though
i sadly , spend my alone time listening to podcasts
oooh . hows the traffic . traffic drives me crazy
i drive a space ship, if I had the chance, I would love to drive a spaceship like you.
ukr . its so lit . i cant imagine
hey , how are ya doing today ?
i am doing pretty well myself , scored some touch downs for my school team !
i play for midlands high school . our mascot is the cougars
yea its definitely a nice color . hey do you have any tips for school ? my grades suck
what about for low attention span ? i feel like i get distracted too easily . . .
yea i will have to make an appointment . anyways what do you do jim ?
oh boy , do you work ? gotta pay off the cards somehow . . .
if you have the skill that could potentially be a good way to make the money back
hello ; how are you doing this evening ?
fighting people off with a stick . everyone wants to be my friend !
what cartoons ? yeah , it is because i have a great smile .
i can dig that . yeah . i live alone , i exercise too much and enjoy makeup .
i left when i was 13 . and who does not ? !
haha ! well the king definitely got around .
that is interesting . i actually love to read . a lot .
too long ago . but it is all good , i do not like to be touched .
how are you doing today ?
do you want to go fishing with me ?
they probably wo not like it then , i am a 70 year old man
hey that is rude and i will have you know that my 5 grandchildren wo not stand for it
cheeseburgers make great bait for the fish , that would be super appreciated
unfortunately , i am allergic to fish , its just a favorite hobby . where do you like to eat ?
hi there , how are you ?
wow . sometimes i feel that way with my 10 piercings
its not too bad when you have good friends to support you
not too many no , they might smell of smoke anyway , even though i quite
i drive around for hours taking people to and fro . sometimes friends come . could not live without them
wow . i sometimes read poetry whiles i eat italian food . its my favorite
i would love to read some one time
greetings ! my name is brett . you got a name ?
are you kidding ? i love to travel . i just got back from norcal .
no way ! afraid not . i guess we are not secret siblings . you are okay , vj .
not a chance . i never eat anything with a face . ever try surfing ?
not well ! i play guitar , though . some tunes and a beach is as good as it gets .
friends do not eat friends . some travel companion ! nah , i have my buds .
of course ! my teachers were all like , whoa . i can cut a rug , sure .
hello , my name is caroline . how are you today ?
do you have any children ? i have two ; a boy and a girl .
are your boys close in age ?
they are less than two years apart , so they play well together
it was very hard for the first year , but i am happy to have them close now !
i need a wheelchair to get around , so 2 little ones is enough for now !
hello there . how are you doing ?
not bad . there are 3 cats that i own as pets .
i do . i work as a secretary . do you ?
i do not like my job either . what is your favorite food ?
i enjoy eating tacos and wings .
i love to garden also . i like planting fruit trees .
mostly cherries , mangoes , and bananas .
what is your favorite color ?
hello . how are you doing today ?
sounds great ! i bet my dog would like it on a farm !
he is pretty well trained . . . going to be my ring bearer next week .
my family agrees . . . wish they would agree on my fiance too , though .
have you ever been to niagra falls ? that is where the honeymoon will be .
we are going to be married locally but travel afterwards .
what has been your favorite travel spot ?
i would have to say all of the western us mountain ranges are nice . . .
hi how are you today
do you enjoy to cook ?
i work at a soup kitchen
my family own a restaurant too
yeah working 9 to 5 is not the best
i wish that i could blah
yeah way different than the kitchen i bet
i am very sorry to hear that blah
hi i am amy do you have any hobbies ?
that is sweet you care for them , i visit mine at least once a year .
i am sure they enjoy your company . i love to go to museums .
i was also homeschooled , it was fun being able to stay in pajamas all day !
that is fun , i am currently listening to classical music . do you have any favorites ?
salads are disgusting , and i love to eat dinner while watching the voice !
maybe you could watch it with your grandparents , i am sure they would like it too .
i like cooking macrobiotic and healthy food and working out at the gym
things like whole grains . i drink at bars so i have to stay healthy
well that is where i meet women , at bars . so i end up drinking
before i was finished working i was also married . bars are the easiest
retirement gives me a lot of time to hone my guitar skills . i play jimi hendrix
broccoli is healthy , so i like cooking meals with it .
i work out at the anytime fitness . it is open 24 7
it is in a very new shopping complex . i cannot pick up women there though
hello how are you today ?
sounds fun . what are you studying ?
what do you do for fun ? i go to the casino on the weekends .
i adore beer . i have had 35 different beers in my life .
i have traveled the world . been to 7 countries in europe and 3 in asia .
maybe you will find time to travel soon . what do you do in your free time ?
i like to go to the casino .
hey there from oregon ! hope things are great with you !
we live in portland ! i just moved here with my partner . so far , so good !
i am an artist . i work at home . it lets me do my hobbies too .
i am learning to make craft beer and i like grinding beans for my own coffee .
what kind of video games do you like ?
that is really cool . my partner loves to sing . me listening to him . . not so much .
what kind of music lessons do you teach ? instruments or voice ?
wow , that is really cool ! i do not even try to sing in the shower . . .
hi how are you today ? do you have any pets ?
i have 5 cats ! will you get your daughter the kitten ?
yes , i like to paint i often use the color blue . you ?
nice . my sister is famous , she buys a lot of my work.
she is very material , lol . are you married ?
no kids , my husband is always very busy . do you work ?
how are you doing on this blessed day ?
i love god . he is my strength
i am currently struggling with the power of evil
thank you . i am a teacher . what about you ?
with god , all things are possible
praise jesus ! ! you must teach me how to change my ways
i am selfish and weak and i need him
we will ascend to meet him in the sky . i believe it
hi how are you doing ?
what happened you get a power outage ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
do you like to read ?
yes i do as well
what is your day like ?
i am doing alright pretty tired from basketball practice and try outs all over the place .
basketball for my two high school-aged boys .
they are doing good . i am the one who feels lost in who i am .
i have a good relationship with my husband but feel alone sometimes .
what do you do for work ?
are you married ?
hey whats up ! d
good i am excited to go fishing today d how are you !
haha so what do you like to do for fun ?
haha same i am simple i drink what about you ?
haha that is okay , i see your not much of a talker . . . . ever been fishing ?
interesting i usually only catch sunfish i hate their taste though but they look beautiful
yeah just curious are u a guy or a girl ? p I wish I could play the piano like you.
haha at first i thought u were a computer , do u think your cute ?
hi , i am flo mo
hi , i just adore pink mink
i like to be alone ok ok ok
blah blah blah blah blah
oh ok . i like yoga
ii am the instructor and my mom died
thank you so much . i do not know
hi , how are you ?
good , relaxin . just preying for my trip to canada . i go every fall to visit my sister .
reading and cooking . being vegetarian i needed to learn to make fun stuff . you ?
that is cool . i know being vegetarian is not for everyone . what do you do for a job ?
i volunteer at the animal shelter . its where i got my four cats lol
i enjoy it . get a lot of time to read during the subway rides to work .
hi how are you tonight
that is cool if you need a loan i am a banker
that is cool i always do 40 hours
i always try to remain polite
i try to work hard , but it is hard
i like to eat out at mcdonalds that is my hobby
i love the fries the most
hi . hows . . . hows it going . . . . ?
i would tell you . . . but i am afraid of what my dad might do . . .
he is just . . . . strict . is that what you want to be too ?
i am still in high school . i wish i had a job . . we have no money
southern kentucky . born and raised .
i only got one friend . . we like to throw rocks off the jetty
hot damn ! i would love that ! you a racer or something ? ?
good evening . what are you up to ?
yes , mostly doing things i like like playing basketball .
got any pets ? i do . he is called mater and he is a cat .
oh cool you do have pets ! do you like lightning mcqueen ? i do .
yes , senior citizen ones . speaking of , my grandma likes making pizza with me .
i just think he is a cute character . anything interesting you want to tell me ?
pizza is fun to make . i just wish it were healthier to eat !
hello , are you here to check out a book ?
just practicing for my new job as a librarian .
i start monday . what do you do
i love to eat cake . i am a vegetarian .
i do not think i could go that far , i really love cheese .
what do you do for fun ?
i am trying to learn how to swim . i do not know how .
hi how are you tonight
i have a couple dogs
that is cool do you like to hike
do you speak french also i do
i like to do art
so yours sounds better i take it
do you hike though i wonder
how are you this evening ?
i am at the bar now ! that is funny
yes i cook at one its fun
i like to go biking
nice i love to go hiking and nature in general
if its not hiking its cooking love to cook
i teach kindergarten and sometimes i get too stressed out doing it .
i love the kids and all but sometimes its just too stressful for me .
i like to keep my surroundings organized but they create too much chaos .
tall tales are part of being a kid but all the chaos really stresses me out .
i try to talk but i get even more stressed and then i overeat too much .
yeah music is good for that but i do not have much time for that .
lady gaga is cool . she is a substitute teacher sometimes too .
well i get stresses out and i eat more and more . its a vicious cycle .
hi there how are you
i am great how has your day been
really is wedding planning fun ?
oh congrats on your wedding
workin doing a lot of multi tasking
i am a teacher at a middle school
hi how are you doing ?
i am ok . better than some days .
no . i have very bad anxiety and depression . it is hard for me to go out .
yes , i have a brother . i live with him , my dad , and cat . you ?
yes me too . i want to move out very soon , but it is hard for me .
i do not wear a lot of make up . how long does it take you ?
yes i am . that is not too bad .
i am not very picky . my favorite is italian . you ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you eat
how is the weather there
oh did it rain there
do you like to eat shrimp ?
i have never done it
i am allergic to shrimp ugh
but shrimp is just food
hello , how are you doing today ?
french fries sounds good ! i am just hanging around in my music store
i play the guitar . and sometimes the drums , but i prefer guitar .
where do you like to shop ?
i always wanted to go to toronto . i plan to retire in florida though
your parents are from japan ?
have you lived in the united states ?
oh okay , i understand . i use to play in a band for 17 years
i am in tenth grade . how old are you ?
i like science a lot so those classes are good .
weird , haha . do people laugh ?
i might not laugh but i am not sure .
i like that too sort of . i am only fifteen so still watch it .
yes . i was born in 2002 .
did you like it there ?
i hear that . i get so much homework .
hello how are you doing today ?
that is interesting do you like nascar ?
yes if i can afford it since i work in mcdonalds
i like soft rock . currently i do not have a car unfortunately
i think everybody does lol
i work at mcdonalds so yes a big company . saving money for a car
very good for you then
yes it is the absolute worst
good afternoon young one . how are you ?
mine too ! i love all veggies and nuts .
when i was younger . now that i am in my seventh decade i stay on my farm .
john denver . how about you ?
she is quite beautiful . i do not like her style though
do you also enjoy watching surgery ?
traveling and making friends is something i find delightful
who is jack the ripper for four hundred alex .
hey , hows your day going so far ?
cool . what is it about ?
what do you like to do for fun besides read ?
i just graduated . still figuring stuff out . maybe you could help ?
i cant find a job locally and i miss my family like crazy . .
i am an athlete . . . you could even be my life coach . are you good at that ?
i love shopping online ! especially scalping concert tickets !
its a rush . hearing the music . being around a bunch of people . . .
hello how are you tonight
i am just being weird lol
i wear dirty clothes to surf but sure
i bet not he might bite me
lol that is always nice then i do not like being bit
i do not know i feel the same
dirty ones usually because my washer broke
that would be nice i like to skate and always fall
hello there , how are you today ?
i am so sorry to hear that . what are you dying from ?
treatment has come a long way .
i do . i listen all day while i am on police patrol .
it is rewarding . just with they would let me drive my ford truck to work .
they make us drive the squad cars . but at least i get to bring my own guns .
i like some of his songs . i think a lot of people pretend not to like him .
hello how are you today ?
great , do you work out ? i do
write freelance and lift bro
running is for little girls
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
blue i just got engaged today
since high school so yeah
no we met last week
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
yes i used to live in corinth
no i moved to cali a few years ago
have you lived in texas all your life ?
the house prices are good there
i go on long walks with my dog and my lizard . do you have any pets ?
i found out i like cooking for other people . do not suffer , come eat with us .
i grow my own food and herbs . it started as a hobby but now its a career .
food and drinks . pretty much every body likes those two things .
i went to bartending school but now i am a chef and i enjoy it .
cooking for other people gives me satisfaction in a job well done .
bartending is too . you get to meet lots of people .
we all have problems and drama . cooking and planting flowers is peaceful .
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am . just fixed a bowl of ice cream . so what do you do for fun ?
cool . i wish i had more time to travel . do you travel ?
i donate alot of money to charity . i also raise pit bulls . do you like dogs ?
like full of what kind of animals ? giraffes ? zebras ? llamas ?
turtles ? ostriches ? lol . i work on computers . i would like to explore more
i do not think i have ever seen it . what is it about ?
hi names nan and make about 50k a year .
i am an employee for peta . and a vegetarian .
i also make my own clothes
how long of a drive ?
sheesh , i can barely get 8 hours of sleep .
swimming is fun . do you go to the beach as well ?
huh . that is weird to hear on my end . lol
sleep is a good thing to have
hi how are you today ?
oh wow i am good and you
are you gonna kill her then ? i would
ah yes madonna , the 2nd in line for the queenship
i run a lot . mostly triathlons
do you ever go snowboarding ?
did you enjoy it when you did ?
yeah its a huge passion of mine
hello ! how are you today ?
i always study on Sundays and try to get some work done too .
busy , but happy . i am a student and i have a part-time job as a receptionist .
that is good . i am working on becoming a radiologist .
i am studying at a college here in town . where do you live ?
that is fantastic . tell him to keep working hard !
what kind of games do you play ? RPGs ?
wow that is a lot of game playing !
howdy this evening ,
i am tired , i have been looking after my two nephews
when i was a kid i had animal friends on this farm i grew up on
sorry he died , i could have helped him because now i have a career as veterinarian
oh , my , you should go running , that is usually how i relax
veterinarians take care of road kill ever day , i could have helped
they remind me of staring at the sun , mom say no , i say yeah
i must go now , my cats nipples need milking , later gator
hi i am janet how are we today ?
ouch i do not know what i would do with out my nanny my nails are my life
yes my husband is a lawyer for a big corporation so travel is a must
i used to be in pageants growing up . and i understand the family pains
aww i currently only have 1 son owen
oh cheesecake is amazing same with tiramisu
yeah photography i love pics of everything
hi , what do you like to do ?
i really like to barbecue , hunt , and write .
so , what is new in your life , anything ?
oh , that sucks . i just recently bought my first home in springfield missouri !
yeah . thank you ! i am excited , my brothers can come over and go hunting with me .
mostly close with my brothers, if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have siblings like you.
good evening . my name is anne . whats yours ?
hi mari . nice to meet you . how was your day ?
my favorite time of the day ! lol
so are you a teacher ? or a daycare worker ?
ll i bet . i just run away from my stress . marathons .
it does . but i really enjoy it .
hey , hows it going ? tonight ?
i am thinkin about relaxing in my car tonight . . . night drive
crown vic . cool . how old are you anyway ?
you know , 27 . . . just staying low . stay out of trouble , kid .
yeah , that is good to hear . if only I could enjoy veggies like you do. . . now i am just hustlin
you got this , man . just let tubac thakur guide you .
that is right , that is right . jus play that california love when you run no you will be fine
hey , did you see the latest reality show last night ?
living in a barn with the pigs for 6 months , strangest but best one yet .
not many , just lost my job here in kansas as a farmhand .
now that is a good job . underwater ?
i want to move somewhere very warm . any suggestions ?
yeah . sad about florida and texas and all those fires in the nw .
yeah the middle of canada , above mn
well i live in canada but was looking for work
ah , a fellow good spirit ! how are you on this beautiful day ?
how cool ! being able to grow your food is amazing , right ?
me too . living off the land is so empowering . my parents taught me how .
not really , i like to believe for myself and follow my heart . are you ?
wiccans have such amazing traditions . i have read a lot about them in my free time !
do you feel like that stops you from meeting other people ?
are your family involved in it as well ?
hi hello what is up ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you know the band rise against ?
they are my absolute favorite . what is your favorite band ?
that sounds very cool . i like them too .
that is very stressful . what is her name ?
she is very rude . break up .
yes . you should find another girl .
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am alright , had to clean the house today even though i do not like doing so
not much , instead i make and sell clothes on facebook
yes ! i have 2 kids who were born here , with a pastor for a husband
i got married at 30 . with my hair still dark and curly
aw are you from america too ?
where did you move to america from ?
oh wow , i hope to go there someday
hello what do you do for a living ?
nice that is exciting i bake cakes for my restaurant
wow i played a chocolate making game the other day on my xbox
its called chocolate for girls who like girls
i am into animals cats are my fav . i work with cats and dogs
that is something i love to do all the time
i love bats and birds too
hey there , how was your day ?
good . just got back from fishing with my 5 kids .
yeah i stay busy with them and school .
no , never married . i am focused on school and my internship right now .
sorry to hear that . a lot of marriages do not last .
it is not that bad to have parents that are not together . you can ask my kids .
hey ! where do you live ?
in america ! florida to be exact .
no way ! what does she do ?
do you make movies about dogs ? i have three dogs !
any science movies ? i specialize in science in the 10th grade .
i can tell you what i hate ! these braces on my teeth .
they suck ! at least i have them on young at the age of 15 .
thank you for the tip ! what else do you do ?
hey there how is it going
i am sorry to interrupt . are you ready for the weekend
i love to run ! so i will run , but only at night
what are you studying ? i work at a cinema
why do you think you suck at them
that can be problematic , maybe you need someone with the same problems lol
haha or it could be a match made in heaven
yes i am married , three kids . we both love too fast and have bad judgment
hi , how are you doing today ? pool boy next door is looking good today .
i hear you . no pool boys , but lifeguards can be delicious . . . lol .
really ? i tend to argue with myself . do you think a hospital visit might help ?
ok doc . i wear tiny rain coats while collecting toys . what is wrong with me ? ?
ok good . thanks , because i starting to worry the neighbors , lol .
you are a great dr . thank you . i feel so much better about myself !
maybe you could visit my neighbors ? tell them they need not fear ? ! ?
you are too kind . but not the pool boy please . we get on fine enough !
hey how are you doing today
pretty good playing my guitar, but if I were younger, I would love to attend Comic Con with you.
it is very relaxing .
cool what type of stuff do you grow
sweet , i like going to comic con as well
wow cool that is awesome .
well hang in there .
o yeah i will come play for ya
good evening . how are you tonight ?
i am well . do you have any favorite shows ?
oh that is a good one . my fav show is empire ! ! !
a family that is really big into recording and selling music
i believe that god had a hand in that . he usually does .
i bet . i am looking for a job in baltimore . know of any ?
something that would keep god first in my life .
that is a wonderful idea . do you listen to rap ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
nothing besides cook all the time
what kind of sports then
nice you should tackle all of lifes problems
nice do you have hair
mine is long and it is very nice
hello , what are you up to ? i am listening to music !
i love rock music ! how about you , what are you writing ?
i do not have homework any more i have a real job designing video games
its not too bad my best friend , my mom thinks it is a ridiculous job
i love junk food ! partially because i hate all vegetables especially broccoli
it is a company called blizzard entertainment , its pretty awesome . do you have a job ?
that must be hard ! i do not think i could do overnight work
well that is great ! are you writing a book ?
hi ! i m cooking dinner for my family . feeding 5 kids is tough .
it can be ! do you have children ?
yeah that would be hard . what do you do ?
why not ? i m a veterinarian .
where on earth are you from ? i m from spain .
i like veggie pizza , no meat for me .
are you a vegetarian too ?
i do not . are you married ?
hi there , how are you
good to hear , i am great thanks .
i am a viking with a big beard . you ?
well , that sucks ! how did you break it ?
like all good men should ! so what are your hobbies ?
i have a viking boat that i go fishing on every weekend .
not really , i do not read many books at all . do you
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i feel ya . teaching 6th grade makes me feel old . ll
aaaa , yes i remember those days .
true . i am gonna try to catch some football today before we lose power from the hurricane .
i will . i got a stack of cross word puzzles to do when if the power goes out .
i miss the movies . or karaoke on the weekends .
how are you doing today ?
are you doing anything fun today .
what do you do to make a living ?
i am in the military myself .
seems fun get to talk to loads of people . air force .
have been able to travel the world . yeah used to but feel bad .
all over with the job .
it can be tough to be away from family .
i love wearing black . my car is black . my purse is black but i am not goth .
yes lots of places online these days .
i know of a job touring with a rock band if you like that like i do .
you can wear purple just like i can wear black all the time .
guns and roses is my favorite and a lot of other rock bands too .
he has a brown uniform , i wear black and you wear purple .
we are a joke waiting to happen . all we have to do is walk into a bar .
hey , hows it going ? you safe from the floods and fires ?
we are , thank you . do you like to garden ?
i garden and i paint and do a little pottery . keeps me sane , i am an older man .
i do , i have two . they are about to finish up school in a few years .
enjoy it while you can . my youngest and i went to a ween concert last night .
they are my favorite , it takes a little getting used too .
currently , captain america civil war .
my daughter loves that one too . my son thinks he is maui .
hey . i am about to walk the dog . what you doing
fun . what kind of video ?
cool . i usually go rock climbing . i should put on youtube
its is . super fun and good exercise . what your hobbies ?
that is exciting . we should go out soon .
yes I help you . also we get some food . but I need gluten-free options
yep . it sucks . because I used to love pizza
nothing that I am crazy about .
hi how are you today ? do you like animals ? i work as a veterinarian .
i miss my brother because he is in the army now .
good to know my two nephews are great
my nephews love to play with barbies
do you like to run ? i do it to make me feel relaxed
you are such a dog lover like me , it must be the way i grew up
farm life when i was young has a great influence on me
i know how you feel , they are best friends .
how are you doing ? i love to play jazz and piano in band. I wish I could join a jazz band and play the piano like you.
yes i am . my family is from algeria.
wow really ? that is pretty cool . what do you do for work ?
wonderful ! as for me i am a barista . its a lot of fun.
you should give it a try ! what do you do with your weekends ?
i like to go hiking and get outside as much as i can on the weekends.
yes i love to go out and eat , do you speak more than one language ?
that is alright , i know french english and also arabic.
hello ! ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing well also ! what are you doing tonight ?
i like sports too ! i just started my freshman year in college so i am doing homework
it sounds like you are just as athletic as i am ! have you ever gotten hurt ?
i jammed a finger once , but never broke any bones , so i guess i am lucky .
i like to watch movies and eat my favorite food , pizza .
i am a vegetarian , but I feed meat to my cats . i love them !
love knows no bounds . i have 14 cats .
yeah , its tough hiding all the cats from my ra in my dorm .
you must like cats too if you like chasing cheetahs . ;
oh , well , thank you ! you are not too bad yourself !
i agree . it is a pleasure speaking with such a cool person .
i want to buy more art supplies
i just really need a massage my hands hurt
i am on the computer a lot too
i get dizzy sometimes i am on it too much
i have to pay the bill no choice really
they keep me up at night
what is your favorite color
my favorite color is emerald green
hello . how are you today ?
i like to whip it in the kitchen , too . i am good , listening to 2pac .
i like cooking but love fast cars .
i auditioned for a rap group but got turned down .
i totally owned them when left burning out in my v8 .
i turned on california love and drove to my favorite beach .
exactly ! i will probably try again but there is lots of competition .
hello how are you doing ?
yeah that can be tough if that is what you are used to .
good i am just writing a lot at the moment and painting .
just have to make time is all . do not have a lot of money though .
do have a thing for pens spend a lot on pens .
what kinds of things do you love ?
washi tape is cool . yeah winter is too cold .
strawberries and cheese its are my favorite .
what did you do earlier today ?
i just got home from overnight stocking at Walmart
i bet you used to catch a ton of fish . i do not eat them though .
i do not eat any animals or animal products
that would still break my heart . do you listen to any music ?
haha ! ! the best band in the world is Muse
yes they are a rock group . they sing some really inspiring music
no i do not . still a teen . single father mechanic dad raises me . you ?
hi , names tay , and in the navy
thank you for your support . i am into folk music .
yeah , i was in foster care , and lost my parents to house fire
that is awesome . i whittle as a hobby
that is nice to do . what kind of music to you make ?
nice ! ! i hope you make it as your career .
yeah it is not easy when certain things in life get in the way
that is true and yet you persevere and make ends meet , right ?
hi , i just got back from church , what are you doing ?
nice , i am a teacher , so i am all about chores !
oh really , health reasons ? i will pray for you !
oh my ! i do not think i could get kidnapped when i go to the symphony !
reading is good , i read the bible each night .
great , i give my 8th graders lots of fiction to read .
school can be fun , the kids make fun of my donna karen clothes !
yes ! but they are nice to the kids with allergies , which is good !
wow , glad you escaped from him !
hello , my name is rose . how are you ?
i am doing well thank you .
sadly , no but i do have four children and several grandchildren .
nice ! i guess you could consider my husband one . marines are bulldogs .
yes , big families are great . getting older , not so much .
true . however , i prefer being independent and just read books .
yes , grandchildren are entertaining as well . mine range from 7 to 30 .
hi there , how are you today ?
that is nice . all 3 of my ex wives enjoyed that
have kids , and i do not like those so . . .
none , i just said no and moved to the next wife
i guess my kids are my ferraris parked in my garage !
well i do not like acting , so none of that . mainly just being boss
probably my next wife . how about you ?
yo ! whats up ? how you doin ? whats going down ?
oh , for real ? i like video games dog . what cha playing ? mario kart ?
ah , hell no , how would i guess ? i am like psychic in addition to awesome !
well , do not wanna brag , but i am a rapper . . . touring japan right now , they love me here
well . . no . . . had a lady claiming she had my kid , but you know ?
i like to drive , just you know be cruising on out there
hi , got any easy ways to make some cash ?
not enough money for me . i need at least 50 bucks a day
i play the stocks but not very well . what do you do for a living ?
i play the stocks but not very well . what do you do for a living ?
i am a paralegal . nursing is a good career choice
absolutely lol . . . i can not deal with the aspect of nursing
i like hip hop . what do you like
oh the classic stuff lol
hi , have you ever watched hockey ?
cool i like football too though . .
oh really why do you not talk to him anymore ?
oh i understand i have a younger brother myself
really did you go to higher education for anything ?
cool mine is in business
nope not directly but i think the degree helps me
maybe that would easier to find
hello there how are you ?
i am married , do you have any kids ?
just my dog , he is my best friend too .
whats her or his name ?
i am house sitting lucky , she is all black
friends is my favorite , whats yours ?
what another celebrity sex tape ?
throne of games ? a cheap sci fi channel knock off ?
hello . how are you doing ?
not great . my lactose intolerance is bothering me today . blah, I wish I could taste the delicious gummy bears with milk.
yeah i ate some of my favorite gummy bears and they had milk , who knew ?
cool ! i like oranges because they are my favorite color . . . . orange .
i cannot keep apples in the house , my 3 roommates eat them all up !
the skin is good for you . i sometimes feed pieces to my parakeet .
oh i did not know that ! thanks !
hi , i need your help right away
i need you to dust my house .
i am allergic . i need help .
you could play with my snakes .
do you eat organic food ?
i only eat that .
it is alright . it rained earlier .
hi names jason and i am under a pen name for romance novel
yeah it is , i cannot sing very well .
well in the summer i have hiked the appalachian trail
i am a short order cook at a diner near me
no i have not can you explain to me what that is ?
haha yeah , that is what i cook at my diner
huh , i normally go running and 2 3 hours a day it is beneficial
how are you doing today ?
i think i am in love with a co worker
no i do not think so
i usually stick to myself
do you like candy ? i love it
i have to do homework
i wish i could judge food all day
hi , how are you ?
i am doing very well .
i love gymnastics .
i love music too . my favorite band is the beatles .
i have never heard of him . i enjoy some country though .
i am a scientist . what do you do ?
its always nice to have a long weekend .
hello tell me about yourself
i just came back from london and i am jet lagged !
i love video games but i get agitated very easy when i die so much
i just pray and meditate , i am religious
but il love watching game shows they are relaxing
very true i will be happy as long as there is not green beans around
i agree i like first person shooters , you ?
hi how is your night ?
good , i am pet sitting a dog right now for my neighbor .
i have never read it , but i heard it was good .
my dad also encourages reading , he is a college professor .
wow that must have been scary !
they sure are , my mom was a teacher . she passed away when i was 6 .
i like football , and hockey , what about you ?
hi ! i am a party planner . what do you do for a living ?
my aunt cannot drive . she watches me perform stand-up .
my favorite place is in phoenix but sometimes i go to scottsdale .
it is great ! my sister used to come too , but she is away in a cult .
i think my father being in the communist party did not help .
i am thirty-five . my sister is thirty .
it is tough , but I can always use downfalls as comedy inspiration .
sounds nice ! what are you cooking ?
hello , how are you doing
california love is my absolute favorite song !
i have a fast car ! i love it .
i have an ariel atom . basically a street legal formula car .
me too ! lewis hamilton is incredible .
that sounds fun . i have always wanted to go to a race, especially the Monaco Grand Prix.
hi there , how is your evening going ?
i was going to read too , but i cannot find my glasses
i like to read bed time stories to my 8 grandchildren .
kids keep you active do not they ? i feel in good health for a retiree
i do actually ! i feel alive
i love everything to be honest
i do love a good mexican
i am from the us , you ?
hi there how are you
working and doing some multitasking
back to school things pretty much
i like kids too ! i teach kids to dance actually !
it really is though . what age level do you teach ?
which one do you like teaching more ?
hi , its tom here , who am i speaking with ?
where are you from ? i am from east asia .
just a desk job . i am trying to cut back on what i eat , sitting around like that .
its hard too because i love italian , especially pizza .
you enjoy your teaching job ?
i have never tried kayaking before . just a canoe , but it was nice .
thanks for the suggestion . nice talking with you , amy .
its nice talking to people from other areas of the world .
hello friend , how are you today ?
i am doing great . getting ready for a family reunion .
full house here too . i have 6 brothers and sisters , we were all adopted
very nice , but a lot of work .
i am a full time student right now , not sure of my next step
that must be very rewarding . do you have pets at home ?
sounds like you are very busy
so where do you work ?
that is really interesting i used to work as a teacher , i am retired now .
no , its just my husband and i , he is actually retiring next year .
i can imagine , do you like to travel ?
my husband and i are planing a trip around the world after he retires .
we love to have all kinds of foreign foods . what do you do for enjoyment ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am tired , just got off work . i have a radio job .
so , you are in college ? i took foreign language in college .
that is wonderful . marriage in your future ? i am single .
nice safe area ? i have to carry an edged weapon when i go for a walk .
bad part of california . how about those wild fires ?
i actually started a wild fire in cali when i was about your age .
where are you from ? i speak about six languages , but stay put in one state .
hi how are you today
pretty good are you married ?
be careful when you do get married
because i married 3x to the wrong people
do you like to do rugs ?
they tell you that they do drugs ?
well i am a cop they are going to jail
hello how are you today ?
oh i just got done cleaning , getting hungry too ! what places are you thinking ?
nice , i may just grab bendys or kfc , too tired to cook myself .
i like movies , but i have been too busy raising the kids recently to see one , you ?
that is fun , i do not have the energy for dancing anymore . do you work at all ?
oh how exciting ! do you listen to music too ?
awesome ! i am a fan of fleetwood mac and the mutineers ! what about you ?
that is so awesome ! yeah listening to music definitely helps out those long days right ?
hi there , how are you this morning ?
great , i am a morning person so i am energized and ready to go
me too ! it is a great day for a swim
yes , i love it . i also love to participate in running competitions .
that is awesome . do you like halloween or christmas more ?
halloween because i prefer leaves to snow
i prefer the pool where i can enjoy a nice apple poolside
that is great . do you like to travel ?
hi how are you doing
sure i love tacos are you a good cook
i wish i could cook more its just hard for me to shop
i am so short i cant reach a lot of things on the shelves
it would be annoying to carry a stool everywhere i go i should just order groceries online, but if I had more time, I would love to cook more elaborate meals.
that is a good song do you like to read
yeah its my favorite thing to do to relax
hello how are you today ?
i am frank and i work as a manager of a grocery store . i am fine thanks .
what do you do on your free time ? i drive to canada to relax .
sounds like fun . i hope to compete professionally someday as a runner .
when i can running the store always keeps me busy it seems .
a few years , do you like your job ?
struggling college girl , stick with it , it pays the bills .
hello , how are you tonight ?
oh , what were you doing over there ?
sounds like fun ! i have been busy with my clients tonight
i own a small business . i help give out sports info
every city is sports aware when there is money to make
what do you mean by 19 ?
haha , cool . i do have a counseling firm . if you need me .
hi ! i just got in from riding my bike . how are you ?
i would go to the beach , but not with irma coming in .
yes ! my dog george usually comes with me when i go to the beach .
yes i bet . since i cannot go to the beach i usually ride my bike instead
oh i love fish do you catch many ?
and eating them . . lol i have never been fishing in my life
hello . albert is my name , and being a judge is my game . how are you ?
i was , but my job got in the way . no kids either .
i do , actually . how about you ?
no , not really . i get so busy i mostly eat out .
i paint as in trade painting , but not art . do you ?
no . i did not bother with relationships through school .
considering my job , fitness is an important part of my daily routine .
hi i am sydney i write for a magazine
that is a fun sport i do rock climbing when i am able
what color is your hair i dyed mine black
awesome i am trying a new diet that cut out gluten
did you do anything fun this weekend ?
i just worked on an article i am writing
thanks i think its ready for print
lets hope so . my dog is being a pain tonight
good morning ! how is your day ?
food network is my go to . lol
cake wars ! after the fur babies and humans are fed .
my wife appreciates it , so i am learning .
she is , but she works longer hours . plus two kiddos love it .
she is a doctor , i am in physical therapy .
general medicine at a big dallas hospital . what about you ?
hello , i am terrible at spelling so excuse my mitskea .
but , i am amazing at dance and theatre !
i also do some volunteer work for animals .
i have a silly confession !
even though i am blonde with hair to my knees , i do not like country music .
i do not . i am a bit lazy in tht aspect !
hi , hows it going ?
i am not sure where erma is . so that would be a no haha
oh man that is right . irma is currently still hitting the caribbean pretty hard right ?
i teach . school started up again so i have not been able to watch the news
that is awesome ! i teach 6th grade . trying hard to keep them interested in learning haha
how about you ?
hello how are you doing ?
well i work for an advertising agency
reading is what i enjoy doing more than anything . . .
that does sound like a good time . . . except i do not like alcohol
i hope your knee is okay now . do you still play ?
no pets , i am allergic to dog and cat hair and not a fan of amphibians
not picky . . . . i am usually game for different types of cuisine
hello ! how are you today ?
doing well ! my daughter just went to school
i do . i cook a lot so i have to exercise .
wow ! that sounds fun ! what do you do for work ?
lucky ! i am a paper salesman . it is boring .
no , but i have to provide for the family somehow .
i do . my daughter is awesome . do you have kids ?
hello , greetings from my parents basement where i currently reside
i love reading ! ! one of my favorite books as a child was a light in the attic !
i have been into disney movies lately , they are my favorite ! !
like frozen . when i am not playing soccer i pretend i am olaf , the snowman .
you do not need kids to let the disney magic run through your heart !
no , just sit on my bed all day . they will not let me out of the basement
no , its all good . i usually just go in and out through the window anyway
nobody can hold this chick down , i am gangsta
hello how are you doing ?
so do you have pets ?
what is your favorite movie ? yes a dog .
i have never heard music . have been deaf since birth .
yes , rock and rap is my favorite music to feel .
i love to swim . really peaceful . and tennis .
i am all done with school . have a ba . you ?
incredible . yes , purple . and you ?
hi , how are you doing ?
you must be obese , anyway i like to visit bars and stare at people .
you are my favorite grandchild , but i do not have many family members i like .
ever since i got high blood pressure , i am a angry person .
do not be sorry for me ! i drive a jaguar !
i remember back in 1955 college tuition was merely 2000 a year .
you were born on mars right ?
charley is my son . we both like horses . you ever tasted horse meat ?
there is a planet behind the stars . you like seashells ? i do ?
oh okay . love is the misunderstanding between two fools . you teach or do yoga ?
i see . i scream for ice cream . you like dogs ? i do .
great ! what kind ? we have small dogs . two to be exact .
oh okay . i aced sex education . you workout ? i do ?
get out ! me too ! the wizard of oz had sexual overtones . you teach math ?
hi , how are you today ?
good . have you seen the movie , it ?
yes i seen in on a streaming app .
like what do i do to eat everyday ? it is ok , the original is better .
i try to minimize my bills . i usually deliver food or something .
yeah , i treat peoples hunger in a manageable time frame .
kinda . have you saved any people from the water ?
that is good , i am sure you get a lot of respect among others .
hey how is everything ? incredible day to go fishing . . . . . i caught five catfish today !
i take them back with me and use a george foreman
nice , how did they turn out ?
nice . well i am just killing time now . do you know i play the guitar ?
i play all types but my forst love is country .
nice . the closest that i have come to being an athlete was when i raced go carts .
some day i have to try running . i usually buy pre made .
hello , how are you today ?
ugh . mornings and animals are not favorites of mine .
role playing games online and pizza .
metal , rap and rock . you ?
nice ! i learned in high school . layla was my first .
no , i work in my family shop .
mainly new age supplies . crystals and such .
hi how are you today
i am doing ok down in the dumps cause i cant find a real job .
i was a business major just got out of school so anything business related
thanks i am better than i thought i sell random things for money
that is cool what kind of music do you play
touring sounds like it can be stressful at times but fun .
that sounds relaxing do you grow vegetables ?
how are you doing this lovely day ?
just taking a break from knitting my daughter a sweater . my hands are so sore !
congratulations ! that is not easy work at all . my office job is a bore compared to that
what are you majoring in ? i major in shopping . . ahahah
that is really awesome . i hope i see ya on the big screen
it could be worse . that is an admirable job as well
physical exertion might help make that decision
just got back from snorkeling ! what are you up to ?
you should come chasing comodo lizards with me sometime .
i do have high standards . that is why i only use apple products .
sometimes i play gary human songs ironically that might cheer you up .
if you want a sex change , you should check out this private island i frequent .
bahamas . comes with complimentary mangoes fresh in the mornings .
hi there ! hoping i can find a foodie like myself
i do not really drink . . . how about gym ? do you like to exercise ?
i am in college as well . whats your major ?
saving lives is your passion ?
i hope they do not , otherwise it is a sign that you drank too much
drinking is not my thing , i love to swim and exercise
hello ! how are you doing today
that sounds crazy . i am from the great white north .
by this country do you mean the united states ? and yes that is canada .
were you born on the moon ?
that is crazy . hope you are not a bloodbender !
its from the show avatar the last airbender . they use your blood to control you !
it really does . do you like cars ?
i like people to have good teeth , so i want to be a dental hygienist.
the saliva is so gross from a patient .
ok , guess what tattoos i have on my toes and right ankle.
what do you want to do ? let you know thorns design on my toes .
rose design tattoos on my ankle.
i know , that is why i also wear jewelry only the silver type.
what is your hobby , maybe you can start from there.
we all have different taste in style.
hello . how are you doing this evening ?
my wrist kind of hurts . sprained it hiking .
are you going to church tomorrow ?
cool . have you ever traveled much ?
i have been quite a few times but never out of the country .
i believe in animals rights yes free them !
its like 85 degrees here . i am sweating . where do you live ? what state ?
i am in new orleans sweating my nuts off . i do odd jobs in the city .
hi , do you have any soda ?
i need it at all times , my three kids like it too .
my wife likes jogging , we have been married since high school .
nice , so my diet is very unhealthy .
the kids , they drive me to this slow form of suicide . . .
that is awesome , I could learn a thing or two from you .
i like fruits and water .
hi . how are you doing today ?
i am doing alright . whatre some of your hobbies ?
that sounds fun . i like to write poetry and to go ice skating haha
i am currently a student in college . but my dream is to be in a punk band haha
nursing . its what my parents want me to do . what do you do for a living ?
blood does not bother me very much haha . do you like sports ?
go packers ! i like skating
haha yeah ice skating ! so fun . have you tried ?
hello there ! what are you up to this evening ?
i am from hawaii , i want a dog but its too much work !
oh nice , i used to live in nevada
yeah it was trouble for me . . . shopping ! ! i would just buy everything i wanted
yes i am a shopaholic ! i see something i like and i buy it
i like to shop for shoes , i like coach
i just go to school online , i am just taking a break
my major is psychology i am trying to get my bachelors degree
hi there , how are you ;
i am feeling good for a recovering alcoholic
thanks , but no thanks . i would rather not live in a storage locker for 2 months again
i do have a hobby now . pottery making and refurbishing classic cars .
you ever watch tv for fun ?
i appeared on jeopardy one time ! !
wow ! that is a coincidence !
i got a new doll today . its an elsa doll . she has a pretty dress .
i turn 7 in a week .
really ? how old are you ?
you should go outside more . i like to go outside . elsa makes ice castles !
does your mommy make you lunch ?
of course they do . they are your mommy and daddy .
whats it like being in a ditch ?
hi , how old are you ?
i am 77 . my husband died last year
do not be sorry we talk every night on my ouija board .
i work in my garden . i grow pot
no , black coffee is my addiction . the blacker the coffee sweeter the juice
my family gets together every saturday cherish your family
they do , they are just stressed
hi , how is your job going ?
unemployed , but i was willed a trust fund , so i live very comfortably
perfect , i spend money on wine and manicures
that is nice , i lost a diamond at a formal ball , someone left lucky
it is okay my french bulldog bought me a new one
single and ready to mingle
i am pretty particular , so no , what about you
i love kids just got a job at an elementary school !
just got my bachelors degree
i am only 22 i hope they do not drive me crazy lol
yes i do , so happy i live near my job also !
yes i do just 1 .
i do not anymore . i use too .
yes reading an writing , i cant wait with these kids .
i have 2 already so i want 2 more !
how are you doing today
i am great . what did you taste ?
that sounds pretty awful . why ?
do you have kids and stuff
do you feel bad about the beer situation with a kid
i have a few . they are older now .
oh i see . i felt bad for a minute .
hi , how are you doing ?
hm , maybe not today . i sell encyclopedias door to door and its not a money maker . .
i bet . i have to work at the local gas station too just to make ends meet !
nope ! plus the richest person i have ever met here was peyton manning at the store .
lucky ! where did you meet them ?
interesting . do you ride horses often ? i have a large rock collection from hiking trails .
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine and you ?
yes thank you i have the longest finger nails do you ?
cool i am the owner of the hot pink moped .
i hate to use any kind of make up on my face that is cool too .
i hate to use make up on my face .
oh i bet you are very pretty i like orange colors do you ?
i like orange colors do you i bet you are cute .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good . i am heading to work right now . what are you doing today ?
wow ! that is exciting , i am thinking about asking my girlfriend to marry me .
have you guys been together for a long time ?
where will you guys be going ?
my band shot a music video there . it is lovely , you will have a great time .
i am a camerawoman for a travel station , we have shot there a few times .
i know that feeling , my family hates that i am gay
hi , nice to meet you . how are you doing ?
oh nice , who is your favorite singer ?
oh nice . what else do you like to do ?
oh nice , are you a bartender ?
oh nice . i also enjoy cooking . what type of food ? ?
oh , are you a professional surfer ?
oh wow , you must have to wake up really early then ?
oh wow , that is a great life !
hi ! how are you doing today ?
good ! i went to the gym like i always do
it is a good time for me to listen to metallica . do you listen to music ?
oh painting ! what do you like to paint ?
would you be able to draw my cat george ?
i am sure it is better than how i would paint . i am a reader
hello there , thanks for taking an interest in my photographs
well , its not that early here in the mountains
meatloaf is wonderful . full of protein , which way do you make it ?
the classic version . i just got my pilots licence , want to go flying ? ll
cool , we can go to the mountains where i live and have meatloaf later at yours
no smoking in the plane ! its dangerous .
i do not like tomatoes that much and especially airplane tomatoes . what do you think ?
which tomatoes do you like red or yellow ?
i heard that the yellow tomato is low in acid . is this true ?
i do listen to music and i love to cook .
that is good . i do play computer games once a while but not often .
do you like cooking ?
me too but i do enjoy cooking .
hi there i was a circus clown
i was also a juggler .
daddy and grandpa worked there too . . .
no , but i am on a new diet
where was he born ?
sushi is good , they should serve it at movie theaters .
what is the world coming to , i am going back to the circus .
hey . what do you do for a living ?
ah , well you ever hear of the baltimore orioles ? baseball ? well i am on the team .
well you should be . i pull in 7 figures every year for my hot wife and kids .
you should have gone to miami university like me and my 3 kids did .
yeah a few , you have a favorite one ?
jay z is pretty cool , he is fun to hang with .
heck yeah . jay z has the best weed too .
so where do you work ? i have 2 jobs as a cashier .
is it cold where you go to school ? i love the snow and cold .
Kansas . what kind of foods do you enjoy ? i do not like GMOs .
i like chili peppers on my pizza , just like the band ; they are my favorite .
yeah ! what's your favorite band ?
i love green day too ! basket case is a great song .
what do you go to school for ?
hello how are you today ?
that is awesome , i am not really into anime .
that would be interesting , with ocd its hard for me to relinquish control .
i would love to ! the kids i teach at my elementary school love and !
my bf watches twitch a lot .
oath hm , never heard of it . what do you do for a living ?
did not know you could do that for a living , i am vegan , so i could not do it ! haha
that is interesting , like mutant ninja turtle ? lol
this is still fun ! i have never chatted with a mutant before .
hush , yeah something like that .
i definitely do not . i am too much of hypochondriac to love anyone
21 is such a good year . like sinatra said it was a very good yeaeear
enjoying my ranch , watching the sunset down by the creek
deep in the heart . . . plenty family , you know how we do it in texas .
i cheer lead . i you need any cheer to help ?
gimme a u . gimmie . . . oh that is all you need anyway .
i do like to tend to my animals . keeping them healthy
and on his farm he had some ducks . . . e i e i oh
what are your plans for today ?
you must be really fit . i am just cuddle with my kitty
just one cat . i love cats though . oh wow , what sport do you do ?
i live in a guesthouse with my grandmother
i do , sometimes . i love my alone time though
were you ever married before ? i was
i am sorry ! that must be very lonely
you should be . i wish my job was more exciting
hi , how are you doing
doing good . just enjoying this wonderful day
i am relaxing with a glass of wine , with my bull dog giving me the stare down
peanut , do you have any dogs ?
that sucks , so what do you enjoy doing ?
ll , that is cool . any luck with finding the mermaids ?
hi how are you doing
i work a lot not too much time for fun
i work in the federal court system i am a judge
i am 45 i just worked hard to get here quickly
it depends on the court and what law they practiced, but I wish I could practice law like a seasoned lawyer in the courtroom.
yeah each case is so different
no i try to be as fair as possible
cool are you in high school
hi , please tell me that i am chatting with justin seiber . he is my fave .
i have two sons that are simply beautiful any kids ?
i am allergic to cats . i do love to go horseback riding in my free time though .
i read those sometimes when my family and I go camping once a month .
yes, I loved it . we stayed in yosemite lodge . so beautiful there .
i sell domain names and take care of my kids . you ?
hi , i have a pet horse named unicorn .
i see . my cat speaks italian . you have a cat ?
get out ! me too ! i have two different colored eyes . blue and hazel .
my mon is a archaeologist and my brother is an osteopath . i sing
omg ! yes he is . you speak italian ?
what about french ? wee no ?
you dance ? are you in the military ?
you go ! i have a cat . do you ?
hello , how are you over there ?
really , what do you have for the hunted ?
is it also about jesus in the modern world ?
but health wise a normal human needs a holiday from work
you are your own boss , not so ?
am also just employed and can not decide my off
how many in a year do you get ?
for us we do not have any and sunday is our day off
i am in college and i am excited to meet you !
i am a bit of a social butterfly , i get excited talking to people !
to each their own . i am rarely home .
i like music . not as much as swimming though .
i have a lot of free time when i am not studying or working out .
other than reading what do you do with all your free time ?
you really need to get out ! are you married ?
hi , i hope your night is going better than mine !
bummer my husband just told me that he
he is leaving . out of nowhere ! leaving me with all 4 kids and two dogs
good thing i just bought a gallon of ice cream , my favorite .
what kind of job were you laid off from ?
oh bummer , so unexpected then huh
seems like a career that required a decent amount of schooling too
hi ! how are you today ?
that is indeed a lot of cats ! my family has a few dozen cows !
asparagus is yummy especially with vinaigrette dressing
mmm jello potentially the only way i get in my fruit .
anything that does not involve veggies , or fruit .
i pretend to like them it gives my mother piece .
peace and boy is that true . do you play badminton ?
hey , good morning . is it cold where you are ?
it is finally getting cooler here in chicago . but i like it that way .
hot chocolate is my favorite thing to drink while watching game of thrones .
i am excited for the ending . i wonder what will happen .
i love a good meet lovers pizza .
did your brothers and or sisters take care of you ?
walmart has a lot of good deals on children's books.
hello there ! how are things going ?
i am doing great ! just finished an exciting day .
i did a couple skydiving jumps . it is quite fun rocking out in free fall .
no way i do it a lot , at least when i am feeling well enough .
i was going to say , how was your walk ? anywhere fun ?
personally winter is my favorite but that may just be my competitive snowboarding nature .
since I was very little , even won myself an olympic bronze medal .
i used to be better . anyways do you hike or go camping ?
care to chat with a recreational baseball player my fav hobby
camping with my wife and 2 kids is a blast for me every weekend
that is cool . i am a baked good delivery truck driver .
i deliver pies and pastries in the state where i currently live .
have you thought about dating ? yes , i love cart racing .
small world it is .
well , it certainly happens sometimes . sorry .
this is true . one never knows . but be careful .
hi how are you doing
that is great i am into fitness too
i work as a travel agent
i am going to barbados soon its one of my favorite places
those are nice places to go
you definitely need to bring a lot of sunscreen
i think there are a few good brands but definitely get a high SPF
hello ! how are you today ?
good , so what do you do for a living ?
i have a custom upholstery shop , i am also a wife , mother and grandma .
yes we love our grandchildren , do you like to swim ?
swimming lol , we live right beside a lake , what kind of hobbies do you like ?
nice ! i like to read too .
i love watching the clouds in the sky
i stare from a distance to flirt lol
do you know jacob sartorius
i love the music he makes
i do sales as occupational job
do you shop at costco ?
that s where i go to save time
hey how are you doing tonight
wow that sounds interesting . i just learned a song on my guitar
you must be smart and talented . whats your favorite song to play
i have two cats and a dog .
mine is named rambo he is a bull dog .
i like blue my guitars are blue too
i like watching baseball i do run a lot but do not play sports
hello , how are you ?
emmy , felix and i are doing well . waiting for my kids to come home .
yes , felix is my cat and emmy is the dog . small town lol
my kids are almost grown , there is no chocolate here !
i do too ! especially godiva .
i hide mine in the freezer , in an empty peas box .
how are you ? weather is great for hunting ducks
great ! happy its friday . finshed with classes now i can go run my family farm .
i like duck and eating foods from my family farm . what about you ?
i find tailgate parties fun , once my gf eloped with my bff
that sounds fun , have you ever been on a plane ? i have not
that is cool , hopefully one day to college
yea that is a real money saver
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a graphic designer for a small business
what city are you from ?
i am in so cal inland empire
which one would that be ?
what city is it in ?
do you have any pets ?
hi how are you doing
i am good . i was just writing .
who all do you know
i do not know . i have never met anyone like you . If I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot for its ability to mimic voices.
i do not at this time .
i like it quiet so i am not sure about pets .
do you live in an apartment
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like music
i actual play the piano
yeah i have had a lot of practice
do you have any kids
one boy i hope he gets into music too
hi , i am just here enjoying some wine , and you ?
i ordered take out and enjoying some time by myself .
i have a roommate so when ever i can be alone i love it .
what do you do for a living ?
i have one too and i love it , do you have any hobbies ?
which shows ? i miss my boyfriend he is in italy
i like video games , do you ?
he will be there until the end of the year .
hi how are you doing
you can do both at the same time ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a professional cos player
you ever heard of comic con ?
mostly anime and street fighter
did you watch the legend or kora ?
hi there . hope you are well .
same . my mom works at the library so i am organizing books, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more free time to write poetry.
i do not have any kids . but would like to one day . i want to be a journalist .
crime scene coverage since i am a medium .
not much into sports . i like to read though .
understandable . i love fantasy books and poetry .
i try to . i try hiking , but never get far .
hey how are you darling ?
wow are those messy creatures ?
purple is very in right now . i live in nyc so i know all the trends
i keep hair simple so my clothes can do the expressing
do you get out much ?
i love that movie , it is one of my childhood fashion inspirations
sorry no i do not
yes that is more popular up here
hey there how are you ?
really ? why not ? like cookies ?
i love women , especially canadian no clue why lol
i like ginger snaps my kids hate them
oh wow you could not fit in my prius .
when i am drunk i piss on roses lol
lol how old are you ? why you so heavy ?
lol what is your name ?
hi there . how are you today ?
oh , congratulations . where do you live ?
i live in ireland . in dublin .
it is very gorgeous here .
i like to run . i stay busy taking care of my parents .
oh . do you have any siblings ?
i just have one sister .
i do most of the time . she has a couple of kids .
hey there ! how are you feeling ?
oh cool , where did you go ?
oh , i have trouble going to places like that since i cannot walk . sounds fun though .
actually permanently disabled , but luckily my friend got me a car to help out .
actually permanently disabled , but luckily my friend got me a car to help out .
what do you mean by that ?
oh , jeez ! that must have been terrible . you are better now right ?
hi ! i am very upset lately . i have started to lose my hair !
they just added some flowers to the garden outside my home . i hate them !
www that is so sweet . i have no kids .
haha sure that sounds funny . oh i saw the funny comedian jimmy fallon yesterday !
actually i was at the store looking at pianos yesterday and he just happened to walk in .
did that store sell yarn ? i need a lot of that to sew my own clothes .
why would you hate them ?
hello ! can you tell me about you ?
i love watching greys anatomy !
i love school pizza . i am in high school and in band , so cafeteria pizza is delicious .
that is delicious ! whose your best friend ? mine is my mom
music has always been a strong passion of mine . any hobbies ?
do you have a schedule ? i live by a tight schedule .
are you in high school ? i am in high school still .
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . i have been riding my bike , you ?
oh that sounds nice . i wish i was close to my dad .
do you have any pets ? i have one dog .
i am sorry to hear that . my dog is about the size of a cat .
oh , mine is named penny jean .
my wife named her . not my choice haha .
yeah , i do sometimes . i enjoy playing football .
hello how are you today
great i am looking forward to reading the most recent political thriller
no i have not just getting back into reading more often
i spend too much time listening to fall out boy record everyday
baseball is a great sport loved it as a kid
sounds great are striving for the major league or a minor league ?
time and effort is all you need to succeed
yes it is , do you play for a team now ?
how are you doing today ?
what kind of dog do you have ?
yea poodles can be stinky !
i am good . what else are you up to today ?
that is cool . i do not have a lot of family that i get along with .
grandmothers are good like that . i miss mine .
i do not drink but i like to hang at bars and just look at the scene .
how are you doing today ?
i am doing okay today . what are your plans ?
all done with work , old enough now . am lonely though .
not all the time but enough sleep i guess .
like to just observe life . live in the moment . you ?
what do you love to do ?
hamburgers ? as in you love them ?
not really . food is okay . fuel .
hi , i am a homemaker , how about you ?
oh i love a good run
snowboarding sounds dangerous . that is the mom in me talking
i have two boys . any hobbies you are currently into ?
nice . i am a neat freak who loved to cook
trust me . i probably would , i love neatness
what is your favorite type of food ?
anything without meat since i am a vegetarian
since i developed a love for animals
about ten years and six months
yes i work and volunteer at animal shelters
yes animals are where my heart lies
yes and so does my son
he is eighteen and loves to enter bicycling competitions
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
oh nice where do you work ? i would like to be a teacher someday
i bet i could never do that i have a temper
oh wow 15 hours that is a lot when do you have time to eat
i do not eat fast food i only like certain foods
only things cooked in my own kitchen
yes it is healthy but it does take a lot of time . . . do you like music
like like indie music from late 90 to early 2000
hello how are you what are you doing today ?
i love watching the door while they are playing rock .
i draw books while drinking dr pepper
i work in a grocery part-time
wow that is cool i wish i am a housewife also
what are you fighting for ?
wow sounds good can i join ?
how can i contact you ?
hey how are you today ? like kids
lol yea i am a teacher of kingersaten so i gotta lol
i be over eating i need to come lol
i will be there , i enjoy surroundings with my people
when i stress i overeat damn it
i know with the kids but they cannot swim lol
trustee good thing to think of
hey , i do not have a lot of time to talk today
i want to spend today with my children .
two , i love them . let us go bowling
i do not like tv , you should not either
because i know best , really .
yes . i am a doctor for a reason
a peds . we work with kids
no , they know even less than you do
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work at the food store
yes we sure do lol
what city are you from ?
i am in southern cali myself
i am in moreno valley now
hey , go vegannnnn please now
down a farm , so i take care of horses and chickens and pigs
you should be , it is great . no killing animals .
i like country music how bout you
do you dance ? ? i like to dance a lot
neither am i but it is fun
ok cool . do you like ed sheeran , he is so beautiful .
hello ! how are you today ?
i am great . my children are visiting today . they visit a lot . why stressed ?
i am sorry . i bake . you have a woman baking your cake ?
what has happened ? i have to leave soon to bake a chocolate cake .
wow ! how horrible . just stay positive during your wedding . old woman advice .
you will get through it . eat some chocolate cake . helps my grandson when he is sad .
no you can not . i remember my wedding day like it was yesterday .
hey how you doing ?
out for fall break , listening to music
rap music , just chilling , you ?
listen to bruno mars , i love him
that sounds relaxing , i personally sleep all the time
yeah yeah , i am in high school , guess I will get to it haha
yeah , i guess you are right , i am passing in school
yeah my parents still complain cause it's C and Ds but i work hard
hello . do you care what other people think about you ?
oh gosh . if i were you i would think everyone is staring at me !
is it as comical as how often i look at myself in the mirror ? sure !
well that is comical ! is there a lot to research ?
designer fries ? can i find those online ?
oh . i like classic rock . what about you ?
u2 is great . i just recently purchased their newest album online .
i shop online for literally everything . got to keep myself looking fabulous !
good morning i like pandas and books on the beach you ?
what do you do for a living when not making Mexican food ?
that is great i have a juice bar . well , will have .
it will be veggie this bar . did she like it ?
Tolstoy but mostly working on the juice
my favorite is Tolstoy but Dostoevsky is awesome
married to the sea , otherwise no
do you think it will stay that way ?
hi how are you today
where do you work
oh wow i am still in school
i do at times . i run and swim more than anything .
soccer is fun . what movie are you going to see
do you like star wars the new video game is coming out its gonna be great
i use to get that a lot but made sure they knew i did my responsibilities first .
hello how are you today
i am doing okay . i might reread harry potter or game of thrones
i am still in high school . what do you do
wow that is awesome ! how long have you been playing
i am from north carolina !
yeah it is . what was your major in college
i am not sure yet i love to read so maybe literature .
hey there like to work out ?
i do too for zumba
i love to smell the coffee at the mall
like dragon ball z ? i like them all
like rocks ? why not collect them they cute
yea it is lol how old are you ?
oh okay cool , happy sweet 16
hi how are you doing ? just finished eating some cheese . yum !
cooking stews and such . i like cooking .
nope . watch spongebob on my couch . to old to go to the movies . you ?
you from australia then ? that is cool .
oh . i do not speak german either .
well , not so much . i like novellas now . get too tired reading .
maybe . do you like trilogies then ?
nope . i retired a while back . do you work ?
hi ! how are you ? green or blue ?
that is my fav color too ! what do you do for fun ?
do you have a husband ?
at least he helps you . do you cook bake ?
no , not married . winking at customers at the grocery store register , but nothing yet
i hope so , but not with my nose in the books , i know that .
hi , how are you today ?
yes , i am . how about you ?
are you a politician ? or just a person interested in politics ?
that is what i am trying to do , too . what business ?
sounds good . i will be helping in a san diego car dealership two months from now .
some . i will sure be learning more . my friend owns the dealership .
hey there hows it going tonight ?
sounds relaxing ! i just got off duty . i am a state trooper in michigan .
oh man ! so no pets ?
that is cool ! what type of dog ? i have a couple huskies ! too smart for their own good !
records are awesome , man ! i play music a lot too . guitar mostly .
you really love that pinto . lol like i love chocolate cake ! extra frosting please !
do you get free airplane tickets ? lol
hi how are you doing
dressing up is what i am doing now for the club
just the one nearby , because my girlfriend do not like me
because she doesn t understand me , but i still love her
i am saving money for an operation
wow , what position do you play in the team
oh wow , you kust be very very good
yeah , i wanna see you play and win
hello ! do you have any hobbies ? i love karaoke !
i understand that . i am also a volley ball coach for girls .
i work for a school part time .
i like football , crocheting and doing crossword puzzles . i enjoy my time .
well that gives you plenty of time to study law .
that is is good . i get out when i can especially on friday which is karaoke night .
i go to the same place . they know my strange allergy to apples .
yes , a large group of us go . we have a lot of fun .
nice day to go hiking .
yes i enjoy hiking and i bring my digital camera with me .
oh , environmental engineer by any chance , like me .
lot of pressure . i work in portland .
i do not have anyone living in my house , so i blare music .
just hiking and photography , you ?
hi there , how are you ?
just finished talking to my brother . guess what he thinks he is . . .
lol , nice . a viking , actually . he wears a helmet with horns and everything
true . what have you been up to today ?
sounds like fun ! been so busy with school , have not had much time for things like that
lewis and clark college in portland
got my masters in italian lit . do you work or go to school ?
cool . how did you get into that ?
whats up ? i am spending my night reading horror novels .
cool ! i like surfing ! i go sometimes after sunday church .
nice ! i try to get a new stephen king book when i can .
i am a youth leader at my local christian church .
in my small texas town . do you like movies ?
i love horror movies . i love to be afraid !
i guess that is why i go to church . to counteract the horror vibes haha .
hi how are you doing ?
i am 36 . what do you do for a living ?
yes i drive , i also love to cook
no i work full time
what are you going to school for ?
what city are you from ?
i am from arizona . its desert
hi
fish sticks are horrible for your health
any fast food is unhealthy . that is why i am a vegetarian
cats are the best pets !
oh my , those are a lot of cats ! you are doing amazing things sweetie
i love anything that is a salad really
hey dude , you ready for the softball game ?
yeah , i know what you mean . i am a technician so not a lot of time .
yeah , i wish i could travel and do a world tour of famous historical sites
what kind of dogs do you have ? did you know calvin collide had 12 dogs ?
i am pretty certain he liked pretty pictures , but not hiking . i have got a thing for history .
i am actually a woman , but not married . the only man in my life is my dad .
no worries , he is a drywall finisher . my moms an rn . what about your parents ?
hello there ! are you a dog person ? i am !
i have 4 dogs . . . i love to take pictures of them all the time .
i spend all my time with the dogs , walking , running , playing .
i occasionally drink with friends , and take photos both pro and for fun . you ?
my photography work takes me places some times . where have you been ?
i took my dogs to florida recently . ever do beach yoga ? looks fun .
i have not been to pa recently , but i did shoot a wedding there once .
i did a puppy shoot for dog food on a farm ! what type of yoga ?
hi there ! tell me about yourself
i just got off work from kohls and am enjoying a glass of red wine
it pays for me and my kid and two boxers to live . . . otherwise meh
what a jump in status , lol .
that is so cool
nah , i mostly stick to gardening and letting my boxers keep me safe
hi , how are you today ?
oh . sounds fun . i am about to go fishing .
oh , that sounds like fun .
oh . what is your favorite type of fish ?
mine is rock fish . i also like tuna .
from the ocean when i take my boat out .
do you have any hobbies ?
hello there . how are you ?
bagels ? i hate bagels almost as much as i hate tacos
tacos are like if sandwiches sucked then you would have a taco
you cannot beat me in arm wrestling ! ! i drink chocolate milk all day
best in town ? i am best in country ! !
i will swim across an ocean to beat you
i will eat that map because it tastes better than tacos
hello , how are you tonight
i am getting ready to go for a run , so i can write some tonight .
i love mystery movies , they get me in a creative mood .
mainly , steampunk romance . have you read any ?
what are your favorite breads ?
i love pastries too , and i should not eat them .
i do , my husband is a detective , we have three kids .
they go straight to my hips , lol
hi how are you today ?
sure why not ! i am so excited i just received a full scholarship !
i am going to florida state ! i guess having honors when graduating helped !
true , but i love hot weather !
i am an eighteen year old summer girl ! lol
lol have you had any firsts lately ? mine was buying a car !
what kind do you have ?
no fun ! i got an acadia.
hi how are you doing tonight ?
nice ! i am not active i spend a lot of time on my computer every day .
i am so bored with my life . i want to learn another language .
i live in ny . i have been watching movies and tv shows in other languages .
i like watching travel channels to learn about other countries and their traditions .
i do not have any kids so i do not watch cartoons very often .
i do own a car . do you ?
hi ! sorry for the delay , my year old was crying .
you would think a first grade teacher would be better at being a parent !
pets are basically children . still a blessing . are you religious ?
i wish my sunday church services were at the beach . my dads a preacher
that sounds delicious ! usually our post church meal is whatever i can get my kid to eat !
focusing on wearing my favorite color , purples helped me to graduate . good luck !
hey there how are you ? i am just listening to music to relax
my most fav season is coming an i love green so it just flows .
awe how sweet ! congrats ! i enjoy tennis alot .
really ? too cold i will be in doors watching all the funny movies lol
no i do not , do you ?
cool , when did you marry your husband ?
how are you doing tonight
i am watching the bellies twins
got ya what do u do for work
i love the iPhone too
i am a stay at home mom that I bake in my home
i love baking it helps with the stress
3 one girl and two boys
they grow two darn fast
hello , married , redhead , paris , alphabet backwards . you ?
hmmm . you have to be 18 to be on here . . . . i have red hair . you ?
cubs won ! you sing and dance ? i do . bird peck at my eyes .
i see . chicken wing are our friends . married ? i am .
oh okay . i do the backwards alphabets . can you ? i paint . you ?
great ! Merna Jean is my best friend . beard ?
whew ! i thought i lost you . Abigail sing ?
bird calls . ever been to France ? i have .
! hi time of lot a spend i ! hi i ! hi
? enjoy you do what . ? makeup about all learning all learning
. . . chat crazy my for apologize i i
i am i in my thirties
I also take beauty classes . YouTube . YouTube makeup tutorials . .I wish I had pursued a career in American Literature instead of makeup artistry.
what do you do since graduating ?
what subject . that is awesome !
high school , college , or a second language ? , second language ? ?
hello , how is it going
i just got done doing zumba i love it
i really love super big paintings
i can be weird at time i really like the way beans smell
i like to collect things such as dragon ball z figures and rocks
its a great night out i love the night air
my dog will not stop barking
i think he sees something outside i do not know
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
that sounds great do you like food
i love subs very much
i go to antique shops a lot
wow that is cool do you like coffee
yeah i know what you mean
america and how about you
hello there , i am a college student .
nice nice , i have wanted to get pets with my girlfriend of two years .
that is a long walk , the hardest thing i did was take business class administration classes today
i do not go out much since i also work at the daycare .
that is rough , my parents are a dentist and a teacher .
cool , i would love to go for a ride .
good good , i look forward to it .
hi , how old are you ? i am 17 and am a student in high school .
yea , it was good ! i play guitar in a band , you should come hear .
that is cool . i am pretty social , so i will check it out .
louisiana and i am a straight a student too .
just trying to make my band work . not into acting .
guitar . but it is starting to cut into my grades .
word . got to make that a grade .
hi how are you doing ?
I wish I could watch Game of Thrones with you, it sounds interesting.
what do you do for a living ?
i am not working right now
do you ever get sea sick ?
do you have any hobbies ?
hi there , how are you tonight ? what do you do for fun ?
cool ! i am a bargain hunter . discounts and coupons are my life !
not really . i donate to charities , but i have not traveled much .
traveling sounds fun , but i like to save money too !
would you say that you are an organized or messy person in general ?
i would say i am very organized at home and at work . do you enjoy shopping ?
the ostrich . what is yours ?
a zebra ? that would go with your africa question !
hello , how are you ? where are you ?
well what do you know , hotdogs are my favorite snack .
actually i was wordplaying with you . birdwatchers are never mean spirited .
what kind of puppy do you have . ? . . la la
beautiful , kind , loving , protective , loyal . . . . waterlovers ! and . . . osprey
yes and powerful . what do you do to earn money ?
hell or happiness . . . i am a librarian . i have read all the horror novels , and blog reviews . . .
yes , for my niche marketing plan . but classics are classic for a reason . . . you ?
hello , i have 10 tattoos . do you have any ?
i love em . i am also in a motorcycle club . . is that going to be a problem ?
sure , you like movies ? you ever seen the titanic ?
what color ? also i am a fighter . . but i have never lost
i would afraid of commitment , and no . . i will not lose
whoa easy . i never said never . its just . . that i am a grown woman
you said you like movies . you ever see that greek wedding movie ?
i love that movie . . whats it called the wedding singer ? classic cinema
hey how are you doing
i am hanging in there
i am retired , i spend my days baking for my grandchildren
do you have grandchildren ?
how old are you ?
o okay you are very young
seriously , sorry to hear that , wow how old is your brother
hello how is your day ?
i am good . what do you do for a living ?
i am a marketing consultant . do you have any hobbies ?
are you studying for that right now ?
are you into animals ? i have two small dogs and they are my world .
are you married ? my wonderful husband and i have been married for six years .
what other stuff are you into i love music
i do not like riding unless i have to
hi how are you tonight ?
i am good . tired since i am on tour with frank ocean
yes i do . i travel too since i am on tour as a rapper
i prefer to keep that to myself . i live incognito in japan
oh no worries ! what do you like to do besides travel ?
that must be a lot of work
nice . have you been to japan ? i have the largest home there
it has a huge garage with a ferrari in it
i have a best friend in a big city
i am employed at supermarket
i live in the suburbs , where my mom grows vegetables in her garden
she works for the school as a social worker
my friend lives new york , i try to visit a few times a year
i just work and go out to clubs
how long ago were you in high school
i have been out for 27 years
hi how did your day go today ?
i see i am jovannie and i am 19 years old . we can be friends
where do you stay ? i live close to miley cyrus and pnb rock
we can go eat barbeque and pizzas together . i love it so much
that will be great . i love hanging out with new friends .
oh great . what's your favorite tv show ?
tom and jerry and i am watching it right now
great . lets catch up probably next week
hello , how are you tonight ? i just came in from walking alfred .
very well , just about ready to sit down and play the piano, if only I had pursued a career in music instead of baseball.
almost nightly . it is a nice change from baseball .
nothing , I play . it does get old at times . i would rather read .
currently , i have an interest in Chinese history .
that sounds nice . do you make your own ?
i do not cook that much .
i am so sorry . has he been gone long ?
how do you like your eggs cooked ?
breakfast i need them scrambled like this morning
i need a hearty breakfast to work this chicken farm
raised and born in great farm state of kansas
yes , that is why i farm instead of driver big rig now
that would be nice for you too do that .
what inspires you to wake up each day ?
that is nice . my two sons and husband really make my world so bright !
wow , lucky number ! happy birthday to you !
i enjoy creating things with my hands . . . art , jewelry , knitted stockings
i am . . . creating things that make people happy also makes me happy !
i try to sell my handmade items at the fair !
i make enough to help buy groceries and so forth . how did you like that job ?
it helps fill my time when the boys are at school . . . and now that muffin died . . .
hello , i am in security what do you do ?
cool , any hobbies ? i am great at chess .
nice can you make baby booties ? ll
interesting . you drive a hearse
well at least its transportation
ll i am quite sure it does
i could just imagine that
i love all music . . . from rock to jazz
hey how are you doing ?
i understand the feeling . i create websites what do you do
i see what you mean when you say twirl dough
they need to make some sort of automation for that i love technology
I wish I could play the drums professionally like my brothers.
that would be awesome i play guitar . play guitar and read the news
good money in it ? i love finding ways to make it
see i have been doing the woo wap bam bam i have not been doing it right
hi ! what are you doing ?
working out . i need to stay strong
i make maps for a living . i miss nursing
i do enjoy it . i prefer to be outside painting
i pretty much like everything . not picky
i have 3 cats . they watch me practice arm wrestling
about two times a day . i have to stay strong
to arm wrestle . i like to beat everyone
hi . i am just preparing some fried fish for dinner . whats up ?
i do occasionally . i try to avoid sad movies i got some bad news this week . . .
my doctor said i only have 6 months left to live .
turns out , i have a really severe lactose allergy . it has done incredible damage .
i suppose . i am sorry . . . i am terrible at normal conversation !
i like to cook keeps my mind off of things ,
ah , a busy person ! that is awesome though . soccer is fun to watch .
hey there ! are you into community service ?
that is nice . i serve on my city council .
hiking . i really like the outdoors and open spaces .
subway ? i prefer only locally sourced food .
cool . i keep a garden at home . i live on 5 acres .
you are way too urban ! did you know i own 10 alpacas ?
oh cool . i love farm animals !
sorry to hear that ! you are ok ?
hi , i am moira . who am i speaking to ?
oh my . are you alright ? i have been dieting but i have not lost that much weight .
me too , actually . my husband loves shrimp though . how old are you ?
i am 32 with short legs
i am sorry . . i think tall people look beautiful . i married one
i am sure he appreciates your height . how long have you been married ?
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
we had a big party this weekend
where are you from now ? ?
i am from memphis . . i like . .
not yet . . how about you ? ?
what kind of music u like
hi how are you
i am kind of young and love hearing war stories from my granddad
that is great what are you studying
construction is hard work you must be strong
sometimes i tend to bake a lot . what kind of food do you like to eat
that is cool making it from home makes it more enjoyable at times .
i am a meat and potatoes kind of person steak is what i eat the most
hello there . how are you this evening ?
oh , do you enjoy cooking ? my wife is always trying new recipes too .
cool . what kind of a restaurant would you like it to be ?
that sounds nice . maybe someday my family could eat at your restaurant .
my tastes in food are quite varied . as are my tastes in video games .
many different ones . my collection ranges from call of duty to farming simulator .
yes , i quite like gaming . what other things do you enjoy ?
oh , i think it is good that you have something you are passionate about .
how are you doing today ?
what do you do for work ?
so do you like your work ?
i am an artist have a studio in colorado .
put some cheese in some bread .
get that . to each their own .
yeah and that is okay . too . you can always listen .
people really need good listeners as well as talkers .
you just mirror the person you are listening too that works .
hey my new friend anyway how how are you today
going to the zoo and just getting ready for work and you ?
well i like the zoo my roommate kept me up
well wish she would get help she needed
her drinking i just get tired got to wake up and go to work
well hope you sleep well my friend and thanks
well i do got to get some sleep money is always nice
should come to zoo with me
hi ! how are you today ?
nice ! that is as awesome hobby . i am great ; always a happy person !
i am cooking fish i caught today . do you cook ?
my father taught me to cook . he was a car salesman .
do you have any pets ?
i do not have a pit bull , but i love all dogs !
how long have you had your pit bull
what did you name your pit bull ?
hello how are you today or night ?
i just leased me a new hummer so i am happy
accounting for montgomery public schools . how bout you
ok cool . that sounds great . do they like dogs
i have two that i am giving to the vet .
i am leaving here so they need a home .
for fun i plant vegetables . i am pulling potatoes up now
well sorry to stop you but i must run . talk later ok
swimming in the warm waters in florida is my favorite hobby.
after i swim i run marathons for fun.
that is awesome, i like running in the morning instead of night.
apples, i like apples over any other food.
winter is my favorite season, i do not like the fall season.
i like apples on my burger, what do you like on yours?
in florida, it is much like a zoo sometimes.
awe yes bacon, bacon and apples so good.
hello , how are you today ?
sounds like fun , i wish i could afford a bmw !
ll , my expenses are fine . the problem is i need more money for something like that
at this point in my life , i would rather have a nice car than a family haha
same here , that is what is holding me over until i am ready for one
i have a nissan sentry , its 7 years old
hello . how are you this nice friday ?
i own 4 german shepherds and love ghosts
nice . i have created my own religion called ghost ville
oh wow how long did that take
soda is very nasty . why that ?
strong taste ? ew that is very nasty nasty
why do you not do that ?
actually i hate salad and tuna
hi i am bobby ! i am 10 , how old are you ?
hi abby ! do you like ice cream ?
wow , that is so cool ! what flavors ? i get ice cream with my grandpa from soops
yum ! do you like to cook alot ? it sounds like you do
cool ! i make pizza with my grandma , is that locally sourced ?
i think just from the store .
i will have to tell my grandma to take me there !
have you seen the movie cars ? i love the character lightning mcqueen
do you know of anywhere around here that teaches krav maga ?
i am in alabama as well
i live in north alabama . they call me purple man at work
my hobbies are playing mortal kombat and walking three miles to work everyday
not so thin i work at a quick service restaurant
burgers , milk shakes , fries , chicken sandwiches , fish sandwiches
cool . well if i find a krav maga class maybe you should come with
ok well got to go . have a great day
hi there , how are you ?
i teach at a high school since graduating college .
i love my children , even though three of them can be a hassle .
we are currently living in the suburbs in a major city .
during my free time i enjoy gardening .
sleep would be nice if i had the time haha !
i prefer to sleep in a big bed .
couches are also nice to sleep on sometimes .
i am just hanging with felix and emmy . my terrier and cat .
i do not work , stay at home mom . though my kids are almost grown .
what kind of volunteer work do you do ?
i love to cook maybe that would help ?
i also garden . that could help keep their minds off things too .
what else do you do ?
that would make me very nervous .
there is a no one i know in my small town .
hi . do you have any kids ?
ha . my little girl is too young to enjoy shopping .
my little girl just said her first word . no annoying questions yet .
she loves to listen to my mom play the piano professionally .
i love to eat . not much time for it though . i am a surgeon .
thank goodness my wife hates to shop . she is more at home teaching .
can you cook me dinner . my wife is always working , teaching college kids .
yes please . i am starving after working all day .
hi how are you today
i am good thanks no i do not
no is your dad alive
my dad died when i was a baby
i am very competitive but no work
everything i despise losing yeah
yeah you should help me out
teach me to be humble in defeat
hi nice to chat with you
what are you reading , is it a classical
interesting , are you interested in the military or just the logic of patton .
that is great . i have always wanted to travel to italy to see where my family is from .
then you have many places to visit .
i listen to classical music .
i hang out at the computer lab most days . boring
hey ! how is your day ?
who is bart ? is it a fish ?
oh wow . that is kind of messed up .
that is horrible . both my parents were really tall .
no , i am done with school . i do enjoy swimming .
i have never surfed . i would like to .
i would like to . my vision is perfect , so i love seeing pretty things like the ocean
i agree . plus i love fish ! they are delicious !
hello , what are you up to ?
i am playing piano , practicing
yes , i have taken lessons since i was 5 , i have a band .
what do you do for a living ?
do you like to watch children ?
i bet . i write my own music with my best friend , she also plays
i just dyed my hair silver , it is hard to care for just like a blonde
okay , it seems like you cannot do much lol
hello
i am a pro football player
what do u do for a living ?
i like rap music
that is all i do . . . play and practice
where are you from ?
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing alright . spent the day surfing . you ?
nice , are you a photographer ?
that would be a fun hobby . i spend my time listening to country music .
haha , i like the rain . but it makes it hard to go surfing .
and a nice hot bath and a good book . that would be very relaxing .
hello . how are you tonight ?
i prefer more sedate hobbies like rock collecting and making art .
i do not get much exercise . except while working at the gas station
i have a sports related story . i met peyton manning at kroger once .
being an athlete , i am sure he watches what he eats .
brown hair , thick glasses , kind of overweight . i read a lot .
i prefer reading encyclopedias . i love encyclopedias . do you own a set ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am a female . i just recently celebrated my 43rd birthday .
i really enjoy going traveling !
same ! i finally completed my two full sleeve tattoos a few days ago !
i love pizza ! i recently cut my hair really short and dyed it all pink .
i really love round dishes .
i love dogs , they are so adorable !
i am from california usa what about you ?
good afternoon hope your having a good day
i am a college student and are concentrating on philosophy and history
oh really i am hoping to have a really great career
yeah i do not have a car right now so sometimes i take my bike to class
i take a lot of notes to prepare me on my recently bought laptop
i can not memorize information easily but my battery is not good now
yes i am a genuine person and what would that be
hi how are you doing ?
i am going good thanks . where are you from ?
my life is boring . . . i work for my parents
i wish but they forced me into it
i like to take walks in the park . . read
i have read a lot of horror
hi . i usually vote as a democrat , but i voted for trump instead .
me too . what work do you do ?
i do detailed wood carving , my eye sight is perfect for it .
cool , i also like swimming . i am tall and can jump high .
oh yes , that would be great . what topic for the book ?
nice . what kind of art ? painting or sculptures .
i carve pine wood , its soft and you can shape it nicely .
mostly animals and family pictures . what do you like to paint ?
i am trying to get a job in publishing .
what is your job outlook these days ?
what is your favorite color ? mine is green
i really like lions , do you wear glasses ? i have had them since i was a kid .
they are uncomfortable on my eyes , i do not like touching my eyes .
soccer is fun , my mother taught me how to play , she is a librarian .
it taught me teamwork , sharing , and cooperation .
hello , i just ate tex mex ! you ?
my dog tiki snuck some . do you have a dog ?
no , but i walk with my kindergartners at recess .
not really , how much do you run ?
cool , i used to run when i was in school for childhood education .
scary ! yes i do very much !
sleep is very important . do you work everyday ?
i do . my tiki misses me when i leave !
good morning ! its a beautiful day for taking pictures !
about average . i am the little brother with two older ones and mom and dad !
there is a girl in some of my freshman nyu classes who is shorter !
that can be rough . tell him to wear blue its a power color !
criminology . what can i say i wear blue and bleed it too !
i probably am . i hope to get into crime scene photography . combine my passions !
how is your weekend going ?
its a nice break from working on trucks . what do you do ?
nice . whats your favorite thing to make ?
yum . sounds delicious . i am hungry now !
i will have to do that one day . i want to start taking vacations soon .
we are saving up . maybe next year . . .
hi how are you today ?
whats going on ? i am fine
i also love cats how many ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you read ?
i work with flowers all day
i just sit in my parents basement
hi . . how was ur weekend ? ?
anything fun you did this weekend ? ?
did a small performance in a school band
i am a lead guitar in our band
i am in my graduate year . .
what kind of food you like ? ?
where are you from now ? ?
i am from austin tx
hello . its nice to meet you . tell me a bit about yourself ?
oh i know ! that is so scary . i am good . i live in illinois .
i am an english teacher for now . but i would love to be a writer . do you like banking ?
i know how that goes . my husband had a similar story .
i do . its a great job and helps me provide for my daughters .
i have 2 . i love them , but its been tough since my husband passed .
thank you . it means a lot to me . i will keep you in my thoughts .
hi . how are you doing ? i am married with kids . you ?
lol . what do you do in your blue van ? been to any wine tours recently ?
it is ok , i will not tell . you can trust me . really .
yes , tattoos are bad . definitely bad . i will warn my two sons about you .
really ? ok . sometimes bad is good , right ? do you at least drink wine ?
oh , ok . so what do you do for fun , when not driving the blue van ?
that is good . now I see you're not bad . lol . do you find recycling fun ?
how do you recycle a cat ? ? ? both my sons love cats by the way .
hello , do you like jess greenberg ? she is my favorite singer .
that is okay . reading is nice too . what do you do for a living ?
i am a freelancer . last week i cleaned gutters for money .
no but it allows me to do the things i do enjoy , like archery .
the woods and there is an archery center near my house .
i am happily engaged . how do you get around ? i drive a motorcycle .
you should get a bike too . but do not get a harley .
i am not sure what you mean by indian bike .
hi my impala is named winchester
fine i love classic radio when i give it a bath
i fish during the spring n fall . . any hobbies ?
if i could i would live somewhere its summer year round
i have my mom and brother but no other family
i read books and comics
tom clancy n some james patterson
i met james at a signing once
just taking a break from sleepless in seattle while i whip up a batch of humus .
rofl . in which case i would be watching hinnible lector
oh no ! not refined sugar ! ! ! you should use honey instead of sugar much healthier !
my kids are all at college now . i have taken up teaching yogo to fill the empty nest .
trucking oh my ! greasy diners . cramped up . for me its yoga poetry
different strokes , huh ? we would make quite the comedic pair in a romantic movie !
i love all genre of music form rock to rap and you ?
i am cool i got 5 kids who likes to watch movie
yes i love swimming i also do crafts and some stuff for the kid .
lets do it sometimes if you want and then after that we can watch a movie
any movie will be fine just tell me and we will download it or watch it .
its ok we can get mine and watch over your house . how small is your tv ?
wow that is big enough for my 5 kids i hope i can bring them along .
how many kids do you have ? do they love movies and music ?
hi , how is it going ?
oh . i am sorry to hear that . i am not seeing anyone .
oh , my father was in the navy , but then he became a cop .
oh no , i am so sorry .
oh . my main hobby is cycling .
oh fun . my bike is black .
oh . i have black hair , what color is yours ?
oh . when will your bf be back ?
hi there , how is your evening going ?
that is magical ! do not you wish so much that magic was real ?
maybe you should ask santa at christmas . christmas is the best ! ! ! !
i got my daughter a piano too . it came in the mail . i love getting mail !
i know . it was great . yeah i love fantasizing i am in the movies
the nightmare before christmas counts right ?
no , just my daughter and i !
what is their name ? ! d
hi , do you own a honda like me ?
candy is something i like a lot
as a woman , i am hilarious
i own kittens , three of them
sure , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i really like waffles too
i make hot dogs for a living .
whats up , how is your week this far ?
my parents just hit 102 and 105 . my 6 brothers and i are stressing
yea its awesome . they are doing well its just we do not know what to expect
honestly nothing . lol neither one ate healthy and they both did their fair share
yea . they just knew how to live i guess . happiness is more important to them
not like I should . with my wife being deaf , it's hard sometimes
no we do not have any kids , but trying out these new hearing aids recently
hi how are you tonight ?
i am a musician so i do not work 9 5 took lessons since i was 5
that is cool . i wish i could be home more to work on the songs i write
what cuisine was the restaurant ?
sounds fun . i love sweets and breads .
i love hot croissants and almond croissants .
hi there , kids are my responsibility
but my husband do not want to
nope , that s the hard part . but ice cream makes me forget
banana flavored ice cream so ?
oh nevermind about it . so what you do for fun, if I weren't a musician, I would have pursued a career as a mechanic like my father.
and what else ? you go school
nothing except doing everything to live my kids
i do if i have a chance to
hello hope you are having a great afternoon . how are you ?
spending some time with my two kids in my country town . i love cats
i have been to new york . my uncle lived on long island
i am into robotics . i paint landscapes in oil in my spare time
it is fun like playing with big toys . what do you do for fun ?
i love the ocean too . do you paint seascapes ?
that is awesome do you sell many of your works ?
i wish you all the luck in your art
hi names oreo and i love video games
i learn guitar from youtube
i am so alone since mom passed
she used to collect happy meal toys but she is why i love culinary
black like olives which i use in my 5 cuisine cooking
no mine is red i dye it a lot, if I could dye my hair any color, I would choose blue like the ocean.
i own a dog his name is ron
he knows my bed is for me alone
hi there , how are you today ?
why so ? i am feeling good . just got back from singing in church choir
i am sorry . my 3 kids give me fatigue half the time , not that it compares .
well , being from the south , i like to drive my truck !
one year triplets ! after being raised on a trailer park , we now need a house !
it really is amazing ! ! i hope they grow up loving hot wings as much as me !
hello how are you doing
what team ? what sport are you into ?
i played football as a kid , i do love to watch it .
do you ever go hiking ? i enjoy it
what level of football are you referring to ? high school , college , ?
what is you name so i can look up your stats
ray lewis , i have never heard of you
drinking 10 cups of tea then go hiking
hi there how are you doing today ?
i do not usually like sports but i do archery
definitely , i am working in an office right now
i have to practice when i can i am getting very talented
cars are pretty cool i guess
sounds expensive ! archery equipment can be quite pricey too
yeah that would be very cool and sounds like a challenge .
hey how are you doing ?
cool , what is your fav tv show ?
wow you are a part of the show ?
that is still really cool ! i fav show is the walking dead
its really entertaining , i also love to read do you ?
wow , you have an interesting life there , do you like harry potter books ?
oh okay cool , they are my fav books
i would like to see one of your show
i am so very sad . can i come live with you ?
that is fine , i am tired of being alone , an orphan
can i come ? i am not far away , new new mexico
not really , but i would eat them like that for you
i could . i am not too basic though
bread , milk , water , cheap rice
well maybe i will if you let me move in
yes , i have not ever had a garden before
hi
doing okay just got off work
i am a mechanic in california
i love to surf what do you like to do
that sounds fun , do you have any pets
i have a german shepard named duke
hi how is your day going this morning
that sounds relaxing . i am getting ready to go to an art museum
that is nice of you to cook
i just finished my degree from Princeton to become a lawyer
what kind of music do you sing ?
i am packing for my annual vacation
how are you doing today ?
well , i just got back from the animal shelter
that is cool ! i just also got from helping my mom at the bank
i love ravioli ! why are they after you ?
well , you know , i speak french
what are you getting on Amazon ?
i do not think tape is usual !
is prime that worth it ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh cool , i play guitar at a coffee shop in my town . what do you do ?
i have been working at the shop for about 2 years . do you like video games ?
no , but my dad was a mechanic and there were some cats that hung around his shop . yourself ?
that is so cute . do you have a favorite band ? mine is hop along .
do you have a favorite type of food ?
hey what are you doing ?
that sounds fun . i just got an iphone 7 so i am messing with it
not really i am a food critic
yea haha a food critic with an allergy to seafood . i will trade ya
yea my dad was the same way he worked 11 hour days
its too cold to go out here so i just stay here and drink hot chocolate
i know right haha . well its getting late here
i will , i will just think about when my mom used to read me bedtime stories
hello , how are you today ?
i am just about to leave class . i am tired .
not school . i teach aerobics and yoga classes .
no i do not . i do ride horses . do you ?
yes a great choice . i have to feed my dogs too .
2 chihuahuas . shelby and esquire
i take them to the groomers . they love to go to the beach with me .
no but i go to panama beach when i do . i gather seashells, if I weren't a vegan, I would love to try the seafood at Panama Beach.
hello ! i like movies . what is your favorite movie ?
homework is important , but i love the movie pretty woman .
i am sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing ?
flying is cool ! reading is my thing . do you have a cell phone ?
i happen to have two phones that are smartphones , so i can relate .
very true ! what about food . what kind do you like ?
not for me . i happen to be a vegan .
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am a fright truck driver
yes i go on occasions
only around the state . . . and u ?
that is is vey impressive wow
how many types of beer have you tried ? 35 maybe ?
good afternoon , how are you doing ?
congrats ! what kind of beer are you serving ? i work for a brewery .
ah . okay . i prefer the 35 craft beers we brew to the mass-produced stuff .
how wonderful . is it near a casino ?
www that is adorable . where are you going for the honeymoon ?
i am going backpacking in s . america for mine .
that is too bad and their loss . you will enjoy niagara falls .
is your fiances family more accepting ?
i have a serious problem . but i eat my vegetables all the time .
i use too lol i love going fishing
next weekend i am thrilled to go hiking i love it
i speak his language , well at least i think i do
ll darn , i gotta stop wasting my families money on habits
i thought he was native a hispanic ? i could be wrong
i wish we were chatting on the phone instead . its easier . 2
whats up man , hows it going ?
oh that is cool . hows the dancing ?
nothing much . feeding my cats and dog . annoying bunch haha
i do not like running when i am walking my dog . i do not like running in general
i wanna see her play baseball . i love baseball . playing or watching
youre in high school ? i have kids in high school
wow your kid is dumb haha . i really love the orange color
hi how are you today ?
its a little rainy but we are safe . you ?
what are your hobbies then ?
i am mostly with my family when i am free . kids ?
fair enough . i am all about that family . food ?
yeah my family goes bowling then we get food
hello ! tell me about yourself . i live in pa , just moved from va .
sounds awesome ! any hobbies ? i really enjoy reading .
cool , you must be in great shape . i have fibromyalgia , so i cannot really surf .
yeah , i think the winters here in pa are going to be hard on me .
true . and I grew up on a farm , so its hard being so restricted in activities now.
yes , it is . what do you do for work now ?
i am on disability , but i also do beadwork and beadwork patterns that i sell .
good morning . tracy retail manager here . please to meet you .
you go girl ! you work long hours too ? sunsets perk me up though .
i hear ya . i am doing sixty a week but i live to watch the sun come up .
whoa ! you seem like an all around woman . i work , eat then sleep .
your prince will find you . you just keep on doing what you are doing .
i try . ll . you thought about selling real estate online ?
it was nice talking to you . take care .
hi how are you today
i am sorry to hear that
do you go often then
making models of what then
i am from mexico like the food
yeah that is my favorite kind of food
i am a nurse for work
for 20 years now honestly
hello . red is my favorite color . i have a red car and wear red lipstick .
hi ray . how are you ? i also wear red shoes and wear red clothes .
oh , how sweet is that ? ! i also love that name .
do you knit red sweaters and does he wear a red collar ?
of course . red is my favorite color . what is yours ?
oh how kind of you ! ! what a nice friend you are .
i just like to drive all day in my red car . listening to music .
yes . i will be there promptly !
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great . but i work at a restaurant which is stressful . . .
wow that is crazy . i work with my two brothers . who are also twins !
we are all very short italians . how tall are you ?
well , that is not too short . do you have a job ?
that is nice . do you want to go to work when the boys are older ?
at the restaurant with my brothers , remember ?
haha , it is ok . what kind of car do you drive ? i have an audi .
hello ! i work as a librarian . what do you do ?
nice ! in pittsburgh where i reside , there are lots of firms .
i do . we love attending many concerts and events .
no Italian food in New Mexico , huh ? it's my favorite !
oh really ? i have never been to New Mexico before .
what's wrong with your grandmother ?
that is nice of you to care for her .
so so so ready to go
sure if we can get pizza
food is so so good . it is so bad
my mom is so annoying
you poor thing , why are you working ?
oh ok . i like football
chicken hens perch on a wire
hey . hows things . all good ?
that reminds me of spicy food.
slave . tell me about it
that is great . got to run off the fats though
that is nice . gotta get a camera
oh yes . that is a good job
that is a great job too
hi how are you tonight ?
i am sorry to hear that . what happened ?
you should read to distract yourself
no problem . swimming helps too
what are your other hobbies then ?
ah someone else will come soon
hey ! how are you ? just finished a gaming tournament , i am drained !
sounds relaxing . i am a big big fan of league of legends . i play professional
yeah ! since a kid , i would usually play before bed , and just kept getting better
my ex-girlfriend used to hate it lol . i would spend money flying to tournaments lol
only on Facebook , if that counts lol . what grade does your mom teach ?
that is really cool , i would love for my mom to teach me in school
yeah , i could see that . my best friend's sister was my teacher once .
hey ! what did you do today ?
i actually went for a swim earlier . its so hot outside !
no i am not thankfully . i am in arizona , but my dad is from india . mom from greece
i speak greek . my mom taught me . my dad taught me how to cook indian cuisine
its my favorite , and very fun to cook . its fun getting the right spices intermingled
absolutely delicious . i think i will make it tonight . what are your plans ?
hi there ! me and my dog benji here .
they are pretty awesome . keeps me company while i am job searching !
anything really . what kind of work do you do ?
that sounds awesome ! maybe i should look into that .
out of 3 of us siblings , i am the only one that does not do real estate .
just english . how many do you know ?
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh no i am in nursing school anything i can help with
well they say if u sweat a lot it can cause it
in my free time i take ballet , my feet stink to .
but being an only child , i am not use to smelly feet .
we went to church my mom taught sunday school .
hello , how are you ? i am fine and live in new york .
i am studying to be a graphic artist , but i have never really done cartoons .
this is my last year of school . are you still in school ?
i am not really into sports . i have a tiny kitty , how about you ?
i live in a tiny apartment , so a dog is out of the question .
well , my cat is adorable . what is your puppy named ?
my cat is named nugget because of her golden fur .
i am having a birthday dinner . i turned 21 recently .
hey my name is hanna
awesome , i have lived all over the usa but never met another hanna
i want to travel the world one day , i used to be a nurse
no i work with babies , but my cat kj is blind in one eye
you are a smart blind person , you learned driving is so easy lol
that is a good friend , you should cook for them . i truly enjoy cooking
get out that cane and spice it up
cereal is the breakfast of kings !
hi ! how are you doing today ?
that must mean it is a good time to chat ! my mom and i played baseball together
they do ! are you a single mother ? my mom was
maybe you can get your boys a ferret
but that is so much more work ! i like salt water fish also
i am slighly allergic , but also to peanuts
whoa scary ! did you hang your clothes out to try while camping ?
hi how are you this evening ?
yea , i do not like work either !
i feel i am kind of a free spirit who lives off the land
no , more like a gypsy , i learn from my parents
i would really suggest italy it is beautiful .
venice for sure , what do you do for fun ?
sounds fun ! i enjoy time with family .
i love my french bulldog macy
yes my foot size is a 10
i did i went to sears
i do not either but these were cute
oh i agree charities are the best
i am listening to red hot chilli peppers
is it awesome ? i bet it is
i am a scientist , i have a lab
i am 5 when my parents taught me how to be a vegan
my 2 brothers are same as mine .
it gives me some sort of a fulfillment .
sleeping in is what i usually do
what do you do in life ?
try experimenting on what you like
i was just doing this after i ran on the track.
i am great , but i took my medication today.
college is fun , its where i always swim !
i do not know , but when i am there i play a lot of video games .
diablo 3 , always , its why i have to wear glasses .
reading is pretty fun , mostly i read about swimming .
okay , back to video games and running track !
have you seen my pet snake ? i cannot find him anywhere .
i am pretty bummed about it . how are you though ?
aw , so sorry to hear that ! i love being lonely . i dream of desert living .
do you have much debt ?
i am not a big fan of shopping , except for toys for my snake .
no , i cannot afford one . i am about to start an internship .
thank you ! feel free to hand that bmw over to me haha
i will keep that in mind !
hello what are you doing today . i have been baking pies
i love sushi also i work as a chef . do you like to cook ?
no i travel a lot and have a garden at home
i also take pictures in my spare time . social science sounds interesting
i have been into photography since i was a child .
you could learn to take great pictures . keep trying
i have an iphone and enjoy it
yes but i like the iphone better
wood wood , how you doing today ?
i am doing good . i just got to have a delicious strawberry smoothie .
oh me too ! are you vegan ? i am .
do you like the beach ? that is where i like to relax .
you have a dog ! i have two cats .
one is baby and the other is piston . i have not gotten them costumes before .
yea , dressing up takes a lot of time so i just decorate their beds and water bowls .
hello ? i love to read and clean my home . what do you like to do ?
okay i guess . i do not leave my house . i am afraid to . how is your day ?
good luck ! i do not work . my sisters take care of me . i clean and cook .
congrats . i use to get as before my uncle kidnapped me when i was little .
i was too young to remember . i just know i am scared all the time .
tell me about yourself . do you have family ?
yes . i would be nothing without allowing god into my life . tell me more .
cool . um , who is yo gott ?
how are you doing today
what kind of medication do you take
are you prescribed those by a doctor
do you get paid for that
i am retired . i used to act .
i was a background actress in good will hunting
i like to be outside in my garden
hi there ! how are you ?
i am great good for you ! i have problems chewing them !
neat ! i used to be able to run fast till i slipped in gum .
not much since i am having trouble eating . . .
good idea they have good soup at the hospital .
i run used to be able to run faster though
hi there , hows it going ?
i am great thanks , i live in va . i just love going for walks outdoors
i have a snake ! do you have any ?
our animals would not mix ! lol . i am the janitor at the local school , you ?
i sort of figured that , i also think i am too smart for my current job
oh yeah , what do you like to paint draw ?
roses are pretty ! i just love drinking whiskey in my free time
best to party while you're still young ! when you get older you feel consequences
hello , do you go to church ? i try and go every sunday
i love to sing with the choir on sundays
what is your style of clothing ? mine is donna karen
i love christmas , i get 2 weeks off because i teach 8th grade
i am going to try and go to the symphony during the holidays
you should try and read the bible every night before bed , i know i try too
wow you have alot of fantasies , i do believe in magic
hello , how old are you ?
i am 25 , where do you live ?
no but i have a boyfriend and we live in an apartment together .
i am unemployed . you can say i take care of my daughter . do you have kids ?
i take my daughter to the park to get out of the house . what do you do ?
my unemployed boyfriend likes to do that too
do you live in a house or apartment ?
do you get scared alone ?
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
i waitress at a diner some night but i also make and sell cupcakes .
sounds delicious , my off and roommate is from denmark !
yes ! she will take over my baking while i am showering and singing along with lady gaga
do you like music too ?
how cute ! i will sing toto while i am getting ready for the day too !
what a coincidence , i am off work from the diner tomorrow and am cleaning too !
it has been misting all day . how are you today ?
i teach kindergarten . the children are so much fun
nice ! i enjoy style and making myself look great
that is a hard question . i would have to say the bible
yes ! ! i am spending time organizing this evening i like to do it
ha ! organizing beats overeating which i tend to do if i am stressed
sweets are my downfall i love sweets sad to say
hello ! just sitting here with my favorite country music radio station on
i like to strum a few bars on the piano as i am listening to the radio
i do that once in a while too
i have so many cannot name just one
an oldie but goodie they play country music at the bar that i work at
well my friends say i am a good cook. what can i cook for you ?
hey , how is the weather there ? it so hot here in california .
i am also in school ! i am studying better ways to recycle
i do ! i am very outdoorsy and saving the earth is my passion .
i am sure going to try .
i play video games and go hiking .
that is so sweet of you
i love salads , fish , nuts . i do not eat much meat .
what else are you into ?
hi how are you ? my fave food is jello .
i have different pets
i have a parakeet , a dog , a cat , and a lizard
i am a entertainer ,
ever since my fascination in magic it is what i do in las , vegas
i also love the game magic the gathering card game .
yeah , i started to get into them after awhile , and started throw small gatherings at my apartment
yeah and come to my house and play with us . we have a gathering every other weekend .
hello , how are you doing ?
i have dogs and some pet iguanas , they make cleaning up difficult .
that is a pity . do you have siblings though ?
i have a male sibling , we hardly ever talk
he does not like iguanas at all
that is a little selfish of them , i reckon
why not get a house help to do that for you ?
you have cats ? that is super adorable !
i just got my 50 , 000th follower ! ! yes !
no , i wish ! i am a makeup artist , i make tutorials !
yes , i like to watch a lot of videos on youtube !
i have learned a trick or two through watching , i can help ! i take classes too .
oh really ? ! i am glad , you should let me make you over !
it totally will , i guarantee it ! i cannot wait !
hello , how are you ?
i like the color yellow better .
i am 30 , i like arts and crafts
i love alternative rock the best
i live near mexico where i crochet .
it is like knitting .
that sounds amazing! I love Halloween .
hows it going ? looking for work at all ?
enjoying the day with friends
ah okay i am starting up a new company and looking for some people to hire
i am out of dc
nice all my favorite sports teams are there
not any actual pets , i call my new chevrolet my pet . do you ?
hello ! what are your plans for the weekend ?
its that time of year . getting ready for a date with a new guy tonight
he is a vegan as well as myself , so at least we have that in common
yes ! when i graduate i want to teach kindergarten .
good team . we like the colts
yes for as long as i can remember
yes , i am happy for the choice i have made
hi how are you today
that is a nice job to have i make pizza at a pizza place in chicago
that sounds like a fun thing to do in downtime . i am a drummer in a rock band
what kind of books do you like to read ?
that sounds miserable being stuck in a wheelchair
that is not cool sometimes friends can be great do you have any siblings
you can learn a lot from reading
do you have any siblings ? i am the oldest of 3 brothers
hi how are you doing
i am good what are your hobbies
i own a greenhouse so i love to garden
its really nice gardening is so relaxing
i eat a lot of vegan foods i grow fruits and vegetables in my greenhouse
are you trying to lose weight
do you like to exercise that could help
ah i try to go on walks its relaxing and probably good exercise too
hi how are you today
are you a preschooler then ?
i do outside things too i am a carpenter
are you an only child ?
you should ask mommy and daddy nicely
be careful in life . i was a slave for ten years
i am not sure i was in slavery
hey , whats going on today ?
i am tired , too . up late studying for my women studies class . i think i am failing .
i should have picked a different elective , i guess .
that is sweet . each of my four siblings has a pet . maybe i should get one , too .
that is out of my league . i drive a honda civic .
i would probably wreck it . i am terrified of making left turns . i would be a great ups employee .
there is nothing wrong with being short . what color car do you want ? mine is blue .
i love cars . ferrari is one of my favorites
i watch all kinds of sports , do you play or watch
i exercise every day at the gym
wealth does have its privileges , but i watch mostly baseball
oops . should say basketball . my favorite
do you play at all
cool , i used to play got injured though
broke an ankle . very painful
i am listening to bach right now
you should while watching the voice with me
i went to princeton then travel every year to museums
yes its expensive but i am rich
i do not like i feel lazy everytime
yes i know but i love doing it
yes i know just tell me before that
no because i am disabled
hi ! how are you doing this evening ?
what are you cooking ? i m just relaxing at home after a long day
i love biking , spending time outdoors , and hanging with my girlfriend . what about you ?
that s a neat job ! do you have any favorite book genres in particular ?
very cool ! do you have any favorite foods ?
i love eating pancakes . they re my favorite breakfast food ever .
hi how are you doing today ?
pretty good just doing some research on adopting a dog .
do you work at home ?
i wish i worked from home . i would have more time to practice violin .
my mother did not work at home either . she was a nurse .
she is wonderful ! what kind of food do you like ?
i am starting to really love indian food lately !
classical . i have been playing the violin since i was four . you ?
good morning , how are you ?
doing good . had a good gig last night . had people laughing so hard
i am a stand up comedian if you did not guess even had some small roles on tv
they played at the local theater i gig before , even though i am from a small town
i am so glad . what would you recommend from the menu ?
i did not know they sold french fries at del taco
wow . they are really broadening their horizons
how are you doing ?
that sounds cool . i am more a reader i love suspense novels
red is mines . i am bout to order some pizza . i can eat pizza all day
yes i do all types how bout
lol . what was favorite subject in school mines was science
i am not employed at this time . i am also single lol
yes it went bad but its ok . i am not looking . u ?
congrats . my mother is a cancer survivor . i am happy she is still around
hi ! how are you today ?
i am good ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pasta .
oh . . . i like ice cream and cookies . i am fat .
i am so busy with school that i do not have time to work out .
i paint in my free time what do you do ?
ah , cool ! i like to swim also .
lucky ! i am so jealous .
yes but i am lazy and do not want to drive to one .
hey whats going on ? how are you ?
yeah ? i like to travel . do you ?
i enjoy cold winters . i can arrange a trip for you , if you like ?
i happen to be a travel agent . my parents passed the business to me .
nah . not really . travel agencies are a dying business . what do you do ?
do you like it ? i cant stand staying in one place too long .
what would you rather do ?
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
fairies ? i just started a children's book about fairies .
what is your favorite fairytale ?
i would not be so poor if i would quit shopping on Amazon . i love it !
i spend most of mine shopping online and enjoying a good toddy .
it is beautiful outside . fairies live outside in flowers .
hello . how are you doing today ?
pretty good . i probably should go take my dog out for a walk soon .
not much time for fun , i run my own restaurant .
actually , i specialize in russian food . my mom was born there .
oh geez , do not make me google it lol . but my mother taught me how to cook .
if you like beets and cabbage , you should come by . what do you do for fun
my mother liked to read a lot , but she passed just after my eighteenth birthday .
thanks , but the inheritance allowed me to open a restaurant when i was 21 .
hi ! how is it going today ?
oh cool , i am at work killing time . haha i work for google .
that sounds like a good job . i work as a software engineer at googles seattle office .
i just ate a big lunch of lobster , my absolute favorite seafood .
that is great , did you get a scholarship ? i was an intern before i got hired here .
oh no ! sorry to hear that .
yeah that would be tough . i have had good luck with my health .
hi ! a country girl here who lives on a farm . who are you ?
haha , that is funny . i grow my own vegetables , tomatoes , too .
we raise animals . we have got horses , pigs and more . how about you ?
that is sad . did you have an accident ?
so sorry to hear that . were you driving or a passenger ?
that is scary . . . do you still have some pain ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing well , not that i am off work .
what are you shopping for ?
fishing is a hobby of mine too , so is bowling .
that sounds interesting , are you a boat builder ?
i would love to live on an island , but i am still scared to move out .
i was held hostage last year . i moved in with my dad immediately after .
thank you , daddy is a retired cop . he is my bodyguard .
hi ! how are you doing ?
i just got home from school where we had a dance . my friends were awesome
no , but i am into running
no not really . i do like youtube though
i love a good comedy . is not there a comedy about someone being 6 feet tall ?
my whole family is tall and being a girl that is 6 feet tall is rare
no and what about you ?
hi how are you doing
i am good what hobbies do you have
i am currently a writer but my dream is to be an actress
that is nice what got you involved with that
that is so nice wat kinds of food do you like ?
i like seafood too i am allergic to dairy so some foods are hard to eat
i like seafood but i hate the beach lol
hi seattle is my hometown and you ?
buddhist are my parents , wow you
i am actually and really a vegan
public is where i work , like relationships
why do you run that long ?
wow , that all i wanted to do when I retire
oh , it is normal but maintain a healthy lifestyle and you re be fine
oh , it is normal but maintain a healthy lifestyle and you re be fine
hi . . how was your weekend ?
what do you play usually
interesting . . i used to play when i was in school
mine is 5 . . i liked it much
cooking , driving . . going into nature
i like pasta much and i like fusion
ya . . . married almost 6 years . . but no kids
all the best for your search
do you own any pets ?
what types of video games ?
adrenaline , nice . i am a dog trainer
that is cool ! where do you live ?
me too , maybe we can meet up over some bagels
then maybe we can bake cookies ?
i love baking , and for drinks ? i love coke , u ?
well , it was nice talking to ya
hi how are you tonight ? i am pretty down girlfriend dumped me
i hope so . what do you do for work ? i teach art
sorry to hear that do you like books ? i love them
that is a good one . what do you have planned this weekend ?
i live in colorado how was germany ?
yea do not blame you . there is a lot to do there
i like rock the lead from linkin park recently took his own life
i never really listened to much of that
my parents are hard to please , i live up to their standards
my biggest fear is they will reject me
which makes me really unsure of myself and feelings
i sometimes think of what it would be like to be a different gender
i do not really know who or what i am attracted too
do you think I could live up to your standards
I do not like to go on journeys
do you like sci-fi ?
star trek . what about you ?
i have been working on the railroad is not only a song it actually describes me . l
that sounds a lot more fun than what i do .
not really a fan of video games personally .
what is your favorite snack food ?
rod pretzels with a lot of salt .
well nice chatting with you .
do you want one of my siblings ?
great pick one , there are four
i have a job now , but i am scared to get there
there are a lot of left turns
i hate it , it is fast food
i like eating , not going to school , etc
sometimes , when i am not driving my car
hey ! what is going on ?
that is so incredible . i love to hear that
very nice . i do not do too much for fun . i like to shop on the internet
i am a single female actually . but i am fabulous !
cute clothes and makeup . i like to look good
you should . are you good looking ?
i love gucci and juicy couture . have to have the best
haha i get you . i consider myself very beautiful
howdy friend . how are you ?
tired as well from all the farmwork . even my beard hurts .
oh wow , i drive my truck right into my house . jealous ?
he can work on my farm , plenty of work there . is he strong
sounds fun . my wife is too big to exercise . not good
i am 41 . i am fit from the farm . i keep busy
my farm is huge . many animals and a wife .
i am lucky i get off work by five everyday , cooking is boring .
not yet . i am hoping to open a bakery someday though .
that would be great ! tired of working in the family business .
just one ? does he like math and money too ?
i never graduated from college , always worked at our family restaurant .
just as soon as i open my bakery , that is where i will stay until i die .
it is getting late , i need to be to work by none tomorrow , getting sleepy .
you too . make some decent investments for your clients tomorrow .
hello , how are you this evening ?
good , just finished reading message in a bottle again . what are you doing ?
really ? i would love to hear one !
that is nice . but i already have a husband . xd
cool , where are you from ?
wow , my mother taught high school german . i do not speak a lick . lol
be careful . you might lose it .
yeah , maybe you can become a translator or something . what do you do ?
hey , how are you doing ?
i cook , actually . gourmet ! what about you ?
that sounds fun to me . what do you do in your free time ?
cool . any special talents ?
haha , that is impressive enough ! hm . . . my pitch is perfect
well , i would be happy to show you .
hi there , how are you doing ?
i am thank you , i was getting ready to do some shopping .
no beaches here , so i hit the pool every thursday for 3 hours
lol do you like to do yoga , it is very relaxing i think
do you have any kids , i do not have any .
lol . i have a lot of nieces and nephews i get it
i know i am since i am the only aunt they have .
how is your weekend so far ?
i have the day off so that is good
i clean up after people . not great but it pays the bills
but it is the weekend . so i have a good whiskey waiting for me after dinner
what kind of school do you attend ?
what kind of job is it
i lost a contact this morning
yeah but they are a bother , do you wear glasses ?
hello how are u doing tonight
i work in a veterinarians office would love to be on a farm
i would have room for my dogs to run
i have 2 dogs and three cats i am a animal lover
i have to leave my dogs at home when i go visit my parents though
my mom is allergic to dogs and that makes me sad i love my dogs
i do not think i could handle the smell of a pig farm
i do not regret my g . e . d .
i love bbq but do not know how to order it in french
i have 2 one named tyron the other dalek
i been reading since 3 years old
i read minimum 3 books a week and t came from game of thrones
and d is from dr who
shar for maria sharipova she pretty too
she is a great tennis player and my dogs love tennis balls
hello . how are you today ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am kind of aggro today .
i like things to go smoothly in my life . my workflow feels wrong today . uninspired .
yeah . that will do it . why did not you take her with you ?
huh . she wants to eat mexican food in mexico . i am shocked , fool .
chill out . not a big deal . you like fishing ?
is your wife hot ? just wondering .
what is up ? you a freak ?
i work in it at an office . you ?
nice ! what games do you play ?
i need to get a console . i keep blowing money on tattoos though .
all of mine are on my feet . i also believe vampires are real apparently .
ah . yes . they fear silver . a quick way to exterminate them is with a wooden stake .
yes . they can also be decapitated .
i did not know that . but i should know .
hi , how are you ! tell me something about you .
oh cool ! what are you going as this year ?
that is cool , i like football and going camping myself . what do you do for a living ?
i used to be in the military , now i am retired .
of course , i also drive a truck part time for a living
its good , i get to travel to other states sometimes which i enjoy .
it is fun where would you travel to if you could ?
hi there how are you
i am doin really good wyd
doing a lil multi tasking ?
being a mom is undervalued in my opinion
always say everyone does not deserves to have kids but you sound as if you do
I am a very old soul, I wish I had pursued a career in history like you.
good morning how is everything ?
me and my 3 children are in california
they are 5 years old and by o twins
i work out of town 30 miles away . i commute 300 miles a week
that is a fun job you get to meet different people
yes that helps pay the bills and for pleasure activities
yes i like outdoor activities hiking and running
well deserts are fun too like cheese cake
how are you doing today ?
i love yoga . i was just finishing a vegetable shake .
i love the taste of the earth .
it takes some time to become used to it .
i have heard that to be true .
i have always wanted kids . that is great that you can share it with younger folks .
they usually do . ll . kids .
that sounds so lovely . i will bet that is fun .
hi . i love catching sunfish and am a simple guy
fish are pretty but unfortunately i cant eat them
that is a good question . but i do like beer and creeks .
yes . and fish there . but i do not know why
haha . no . i do not think so . but i think they are pretty
yes ! my chihuahua is stubborn
they are little boogers ! stinkin dogs
my favorite music is rap , currently single , working as a paramedic and you ?
i keep my mom busy , do you know how ?
i am fine , by talking to her every day over the phone
just a little love and you can do that
what do you do for a living ? did you remember what i do ?
yes , i graduated from college years ago and you ?
great career , you must be very smart .
do you listen to rap music ?
hello , how are you tonight !
lol , ok , well i am a big fan of comedy , how about you ?
i like cooking , just no seafood , allergic
nice , i used to be in a choir , but that was a long time ago
hmm , my dad really likes them , went to a concert for them recently
red , i got the red iphone 7 when it came out recently
that is so funny ! i was just there yesterday
hmm , were you a smoker ?
hey how are you ? my 3 daughters are driving me crazy
yea they say i am the best mother . but i think its my cooking and baking
oh really . my mother taught me . she is from saudi arabia
some place do . but me being a women they are pretty conservative . no bikinis
i am not sure . i have not been there in years . i am sure they do
baking and cooking actually . its my fav
hi there i am mary from colorado
are you twins ? i love to hike in the summer and ski in the winter
that sounds like fun , but i think i will stick to skiing .
lol that is random , but cucumbers are tasty . i like them in our cold winter
i have not heard of your band . what do you play ?
do you play an instrument ? are you the vocalist ?
i love the band one direction . i think harry is pretty cool .
what color is your hair ? mine is brown .
how are you ? just to let you know i am single .
do you use a wig ? winter and fall is my favorite season
male , college ? you do sleeping in ? i do
why not ? does it get you down ?
i am happy for you . love is so hard to come by .
nope , i did not saw it . please tell me .
oh , i think i like what you are talking about .
hi , want to get know each other
dc or the state ? why are you moving ?
well that is nice for you . i prefer the city
i just have a lot of friends and family i like to be close to
what do you do ? i am in publishing
that is awesome . do you sell them online ?
how lucky that you have been successful
i do okay . i am on the low end of the ladder for now
hi there , how are you doing ?
awesome . what do you do for a living ?
awesome . i do not see my family much . i moved pretty far away .
oh , they know . wow . i do not hear that every day .
ok , cool . yeah , i like living in cali but miss home .
yea , that is true . my computer repair business has many more customers .
i just work with individuals . i enjoy working with the elderly most .
hi there how is it going ?
watching greys anatomy on hulu and you ?
o ok what do you do for a living ?
o really i am a waiter and english was never my strongest in school
i like biking and if eating pizza counts then that too lol its my favorite
that is awesome my dad was a cop and he would get tickets for free to baseball also
i am usually single and do not have many friends so do not go to sports events
yea before i go to sleep and you ?
how are you doing today ?
well , i am with my friend cayden . he is my best friend !
also , i am a little sad
i did not get accepted into the gifted program at my school !
do you ? maybe i will try that !
sometimes i do read , yes i do
well , i am only 7 , so i do not !
almost , but i wish time would go faster !
dancing with my friends is my thing . do you dance socially too ?
going to school is something i like . how about you ?
yes . i cook various items . what do you cook ?
i adore being run . what about you ?
i love american , mexican , asian and italian food .
i have an admiration for gardening and flowers too . my family is all tall .
what else do you like to do ?
hey there how are you today ?
i just got back from the soccer field had an intense game
we did we are so close to the state championship
that is good are you in college or high school
trust me you will absolutely love college
do not get me started on the under rated skill of disney karaoke
that is very unfair but some colleges have nights like that for students
even as a freshman i have seen so many fun opportunities
hello , where are you from ? i live in the great state of georgia
are you married or have kids ?
i really want to get married and have a couple of kids
i enjoy playing a few tunes on my violin , especially when i eat chocolate
i understand that very well , careers can be challenging
i work in a funeral home as a make-up artist
so maybe one day we could get married and have a couple of kids together
hey , how are you today
yes i have one dog . i have mostly been working on curing the common cold
that sucks . i would like to be a doctor someday
i like any song that is fun to sing in the shower lol
me and my brother were both red-headed . we are a lot alike
haha . he calls me bubble gum
he is always telling me that i have a pink tint to my hair
i think it's fire . he calls it strawberry
hi how is it going ?
that is good what do you do for a living ?
o ok i own a small consulting firm mostly sports info
o really a lot of my clients win more money then you and me both with their gambling
wow yea that is big . wish you luck with that
what do you do on your spare time ?
yes i love relaxing at home sucks that i am always running errands
i feel like meeting new people but then i think do i really have the time ?
hi , i was born on christmas and people call me nick .
hey john . you like concerts ? my friends and i have band .
family man john . how long married and how many kids ?
lol ! what do you have two boys or one of each ? they like scooters ?
wow ! the five pets have to be a handful and yes the push scooter kind .
thanks . i will be in north virginia soon . you in that area ?
you catch any of hurricane harvey ? i hope not .
my hobbies are eating cheetos while i am skiing
i have made 4 trips to mexico in the past year , but i do not like the food
that sounds interesting , i do not think my wife likes me very much
collecting can get expensive , do you have a lot of figurines
yes i have a mexican cat , he loves tacos
what kind of food does the subway have to offer
what is your favorite food to eat
it is a challenge to ski and eat cheetos at the same time
hello , i just finished an awesome drawing ! ! how are you ?
excellent ! ! i used this new drawing pad . i can save my drawings on my comp .
no , just a hobby . do you have any hobbies ? my kids love my drawings though .
tell me all about it . i enjoy listening to others .
sorry to hear that . have you tried putting ice on it ?
sounds painful . sometimes my back hurts too from carrying my baby .
hi there ! tell me about yourself . any pets ?
yeah , they can be a lot . i have two collies elliot and pete .
i do , but i am not good at it . are you ?
that is cool . is that what you do for a living or is it a hobby ?
that is useful . i never really learned . i was too obsessed with animals .
that is kinda what i do . google is my guide lol .
yeah . i am better than burning water . i just have to expand my recipe book .
i guess it just requires effort that i have not put in . maybe i will now .
have you ever larp before ? it is amazing in a forest
it is like an rpg but in real life
well i am a general in my group ! so respect me as such
that sounds nice . i love my larp group since my dad left .
no , think dungeons and dragons in real life
do you make your own beats ?
oooo , better get on SoundCloud soon
nice i plan on attending soon , just finished at UC Irvine
so today when i was volunteering one of the patients slipped and fell .
i work at a nursing home . it is rewarding but heartbreaking too .
ooh , purple hair ? i have always wanted to do mine bright red .
that is such a neat surprise !
get out of here , so do i !
i was just kidding . i live in the suburbs of chicago .
my dad . he retired a few years back from law enforcement .
you too , have a great day !
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i guess it all depends on what you need the bear for
what is the difference please educate me . i am a student
i am currently a nursing student . do you like your career ?
do you live close to a wilderness area ?
i see are their a lot of bears there ?
want to get to know each other ?
okay . i like coffee too . do you like travel ?
that sounds pretty . my dogs would dig them up
that is cool . i was kind of a wild child . i would have liked woodstock
are you a very good swimmer ? i am not athletic
i would really like to travel and see ireland , have you traveled ?
i might try to go to puerto rico soon
maybe we could travel together
hi , my name is mary how are you today ?
i have not had any recently . but i do like hiking !
me too ! i have visited 12 national parks in the us
no , i do not currently have a job
interesting ! i am not married but i like to mountain bike !
i love the red hot chilli peppers
anything in the outdoors is fun !
hello there how are you doing on this fine hour ?
i am good . i am excited about the weekend .
i am going to play with the dog . i love animals .
oh no ! you should be more careful .
i hope so . what do you do ? i dream of being a veterinarian .
oh not vegetarian , but veterinarian . someone that take care of animals
haha . do you have plans for the weekend ?
hey . how are you . not that i care really ;
i am a old man . a warlord
if you want to call feasting and pillaging a job . yes . i do work
more like a viking . my beard is very large .
i like sports betting . i place many wagers
i have dog . he is a beast . like me . you ?
nice . so you have a lot of pets ?
so what do you want to do when you get older ?
hello how are u tonight dude ?
awesome profits bro i grow my own herb son you ?
i am from texarkana , texas you ?
you ever sew your own threads braw ?
i have really long curls you
whoa that is really long ! my aint that long
what about raw onions do you like that
you use onions as a what lol
hello , i hope you're doing well . tell me something about yourself .
i just got out of school . where do you deliver ?
my parents are very strict will not allow tattoos
i live in New England . where are you from ?
my dad is 43 , i am almost 18 .
i am so looking forward to college . my Catholic school will not allow things like pink hair !
i have never been to California , but it has to be better than here .
i have not really made up my mind , but i am thinking of something in the arts .
hi how are you doing
i am good do you like tv
i like comedies after a long day of work
i am a partner in my law firm
what do you do for a living
those are two very diverse things lol
hey i have a great construction job , are you looking for work ?
oh you babysit ? what do you do for fun ? any reading ?
how romantic . i read a lot of romance books . what are the wedding plans ?
in the military when i wed , so justice of the peace . what flavor cake ?
my face looks like it has skittles all over it , lots of freckles . like your car .
i got mine when i did some construction work last year .
you need some sun for vitamin d , so do the kids you babysit
that sounds good . i just bought an ice cream machine .
hi i am nate and i wear a lot black
yeah well i am in a rock music everything is black even my car .
well that is awesome guns and roses has aspired me . and they are my fave band .
yeah how come you chose them to write about
they are pink red , white , colors are pretty
with my band , we travel a lot
not yet but we ought to , its still in progress to make that happen .
where are you from exactly ?
hi , how are you today ? i am enjoying a nice glass of wine
i went hiking today so it feels good to be relaxing now .
i do not think i have ever eaten that before , is it vegan ?
i only eat vegan so maybe that is why i have never hear of it before ?
i love wine do you ? i am also listening to some bob ross .
wow sweden , my mom had a fashion show there once before
she is a designer and i am her accountant a family business .
lol sometimes i lose my mind as well no worries
i think she is but that is because i love her
did you see the celtics dominate last friday ?
they beat the hornets yesterday too ! anyhow , do you cook for a living ?
no kidding , great name . i work for a family-owned restaurant . that is a coincidence .
ouch . hope it did not end up in some chocolate cake .
i could help you out . i walk my sisters dogs and am always in parks .
i must have taken a million long walks , i love it . it will be no problem .
nope , i am the runt in the family and my six sisters have many dogs .
do they swim in the ocean or lakes ?
hi there , how is your evening going ?
you still own a cd collection ?
oh wow . that is cool . i wish i had time to learn an instrument like that
wow . i listen to the beatles in my ford mustang on my way to work
i wish i could collect ford mustangs . even though i work 3 jobs , i am still broke
i would walk way more than 2 miles a day if i had a ford focus
i want to see , but i have worked 3 jobs at the same time for over 5 years ! ! ! ! ! !
clearly not . maybe i just go to the movies way too much
can i have some money ? i owe a lot of debt
cool that would be nice but i am failing my classes at school
i fantasized selling cars in paris , where the money is
i would walk the streets and listen to electronic music
i would like to have nature walks in paris
you are a cool dude
and listen out for me i am going to be on tv
i am going to be on another star playing music
how are you ? i am tired , i had a gig last night at my local theater .
so early ? i am a stand-up comedian . . long night for me .
are you in a small town ? i am from a small town .
i played a girl with dark curly hair in a TV series , it was a small role .
i like to drink cuba libres . where do you work ?
i am trying to sell things on Facebook but no luck .
are you serious ? because i will try it !
i am gonna research it
hello how are you doing today ?
no i suppose it does not . . . . laws being broken all over town . . . no holiday for the lawless
do you have any hobbies ? i like to paint usually using watercolors
prius . . . . conscious and awake . . . . caring for the planet . that is great
i work from home . . . . just hired someone to clean the house . . . a chore i deplore
www . . . . i have tried tofu in italian dishes . . . does not quite work
i try to follow my grandmothers recipe but with tofu . . . do not tell her . . . she will kill me
hi , how is it going ?
same here . . . just relaxing . what are your hobbies ?
that is cool . what part of the country do you live in ?
i live in atlanta . we are getting ready for the storm that is coming .
yep , i think we will be fine . it will be a lot of wind and rain .
hang out with my family and play cards . progressive rummy
hii how are you ? where are you from ?
what is your hobbies ?
oh sorry what is your favourite dish
oh ok are you married ?
are you listening music ?
cool are you like travelling ?
oh i like very much to drive
what is your father ?
hi ! i wanted a new purse , spent all day shopping . . . no money left .
wow ! what happened to the poor thing ?
oh no . did you have that kind of money available ?
that is very noble of you ! i would have to take extra work , too .
are you in college ? i regret not going myself .
what happened ? what did he do ?
well , judging by what you are doing for your dog , that is not true .
lol ! did you have to pay for it ?
hello ! anything going on with you today ?
where do you work ? i teach as a yoga instructor
is that lonely work ? i enjoy the solace of being alone .
do you have any favorites ? for instance , i like pink .
cool , do you live near family ?
i live near my father , though my mother has passed away . have partner ?
i am sorry to hear that , do you have any pets
cool what breed of dog ? blue heelers are cute !
good morning , how are you today ?
great , i am going to be learning how to play the beautiful piano
no i just geocache in my free time
that sounds cool , i work at a school as the psychologist
yeah that is what our jobs entitles us to do
for about as long as chocolate has been my favorite food , forever
yes i love anything sweet
hello how are u today
do u live in the city i am out in the rural area away from the city
city life is rough what is your favorite food mine is pasta
chocolate is very yummy what do u do for work
i am retired and spend a lot of time with my husband helping people
we are always at the church or food shelf helping
how old are u i am 65
getting old is rough cant do a lot of the things i liked to do
hello how are you doing today ?
what are you up to today relaxing with leela
just getting together with the band .
yeah we are pretty big .
good thing . what are your hobbies ?
my dad is a mechanic but flew as well . it is cool huh
the band takes up most my time . do have a dog goes on tour too
hi , i am very smart . are you ?
i need only sleep for 3 hours a day and have no siblings or parents .
steak is my favorite meal and i always travel to buy it alone .
i do everything alone . including travel . all travel . i do it by myself .
i park alone as well .
sometimes , yes . if you do it alone you will not be embarrassed if you mess up .
i do not know how to parallel park at all !
same exact thing with me . i think most have trouble with parallel .
hi what do you do for a living ?
what exactly do you do ?
interesting . i like music and i own my own store .
i was in a band for 17 years , have you played in a band before ?
my parents are both in the church choir , so music is naturally in me .
i am the oldest and i am looking forward to retiring in florida . how about you ?
hello ! how are you doing today ?
the only thing i am committed to right now is the gym !
maybe you good wow a date with some italian cooking ! that food is great
do have any favorite shows ? i enjoy forensic files and jeopardy keep the brain smart .
do you have any favorite books ? i been reading middlesex , very thought provoking !
have a favorite sci-fi movie or book recommendation ?
interesting i would have to check those out , why do you want to marry someone ?
hello , how is your day ? my husband and I been enjoying some fishing .
not me I do not like fish much but my husband does . where ya from ?
from tennessee here . also have a farm .
chickens , pigs , and cows . oh also my black lab lol .
do you sale them ? any fav . music you prefer ?
do you sale them ? any fav . music you prefer ?
i adore Charlie Daniels ! that is so nice they can roam freely !
hi how are you today
i am alright you darn stark
is your daughter arya eh ?
i do not everyone dies and gets sexually assaulted
yeah the lord of the light is very giving
yeah just make sure there is no wedding !
i have one and a house targaryen shirt
hello stranger . . . lets get to know one another !
my home is in alabama , but do not sing that leonard skinner song .
i like real life mysteries , like why was the easter bunny in my closet more .
i was not joking . . . i saw him while my mom was working at the store !
lol . . . does it affect spelling stuff ?
do you use a lawnmower or clip it with a pen ?
sounds like a plan to me , but you may need a gardener for the text . p
do you not think it would inspire them ?
how are you doing today ?
that is exactly why you should leave it to professionals ! how bad is it ?
that is not good . i am pretty hungry but i only eat home cooked meals .
i like to live life on the edge and eat raw food ! it is intense
home cooked , home raw , same thing ! i also like to drive a lot !
i own a boat and go fishing occasionally ! do you like the dogs ?
well that makes sense . how did you find that job ?
family is always helpful . hopefully you have a great day today !
hi , want to listen to some music with me ?
i like classical usually . my family does not . and they make fun of me .
oh , i wish i was a cat , i could live with you .
i do not have to rank very high . i like dogs .
i do not really have any great likes , hobbies . life is boring and disappointing .
will you make me some ? i do not cook .
oh . will you buy me sushi then ?
no , i am free every single day . i have no life .
hi how are you this evening ?
good ! i am just relaxing with my 2 dogs .
they are harmless . do you have any hobbies ?
i like video games and hunting , brunch is good .
ok , what do you do for a living ?
sounds lonely . i am a cop .
i enjoy it , you know what i do not enjoy ? broccoli .
hello , how are you this evening ?
i do not play football but i enjoy riding my mountain bike
i do not , i do enjoy drawing people , i could draw a football player
no , i do enjoy hard boiled eggs though , oh look , a bird
oh , a sense of humor huh , i love your type of people .
georgia my mama from alabama
i am from texas , my dad is from turkey and my mom is from alabama
care to chat with a former actress that loves country music ?
i would love to ! i really like the job i have now .
i am a professional paid grandmother
that would be so cool ! do you eat meat ?
i really like all animals so i only eat vegan foods .
we have the usual pets , but thinking of getting a cow .
oh heavens no we want to save it from slaughter !
lol , how did that happen ?
hey , hows your day going ?
oh wow that is great ! do you have any pets ?
i work all the time , i am an accountant . but hockey is okay
oh that is interesting ! bet you read some funny stuff
well , i do like to cook . i am obsessed with potatoes . how about you ?
oh that is a good one . i like scarface . do you have a car ?
hi , how are you today ? ?
never even heard of it , sorry ! !
no , sorry ! i am not into music that much .
i love dogs and cooking ! ! ! i also fish .
what do you do for work ?
i am an architect and love it !
what is a skittles player ?
how are you this evening ?
well , i just got back from diving , and now i am feeding my cat !
did he ? interesting ! i am waiting on the new iphone !
oh my ! that makes the tech part of me cringe !
that is a big family !
what kind of food is it ?
no , i have not ! are they good ?
hello there how are you ?
that is cool , like boots ?
really lol why that is funny ?
i like to sleep a lot late in the day also
oh why not you can later
cool that is cool , i love leather a lot .
yes especially in the fall
what did aaron rodgers say when he dumped a . munn
i hope we can use tea more as compost , help save the world
you must work in a factor like i do
i volunteer with my free time
i like book stores , but they need to open earlier , i am always ready to go
that would be awesome , maybe i can help with your signings
a little boring for me , i would rather have a beer museum
hi there ! how are you ?
sorry to hear that , would you like to talk about why ?
that is never a fun situation . do you have friends and family to talk to ?
kids are great . what subject or grade level do you teach ?
currently unemployed . gives me more time to watch sports though lol
do you have a favorite sport ?
what do you like to read ?
how are you doing today ?
i am alright . i am just waiting for the end of the day .
i will bet . i was never good at math .
what kind of math class are you taking ?
that is no fun . i am better working in a garage .
maybe , that would be fun .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing very well , now that my run is over .
i hate it . i used to do triathlons .
i have broken my ankle , twice , during races .
you have some pretty bad luck there .
i snowboard a lot , my older brother taught me . he was gentle with me .
my husband left when my daughter was one , she just finished college .
hi names erica how are you
do you have siblings ? i have 2 and a twin brother
well it helps when your a short nerd
well i love to bake but can rarely reach the spice rack
i have one but wish i could float like david copperfield
wow that is awesome
kid at heart and in the gut lol
yeah i love my kale and spinach
hi there , i really like the outdoors and going for runs , how about yourself ?
adventure is always fun . when i running i like to take my dog with me .
nice , i also have two cats , but i live alone . do you like to travel ?
i would love to go to nashville , i really enjoy country music and playing guitar
lessons and practice make perfect . do not give up on your dreams !
that is great ! i hope you have a great day and i enjoyed chatting with you .
take care , and pray to the lord to help guide you down the right path .
hello , how are you doing today ?
good thank you . my favorite color is bright blue , my eye color . what is yours ?
my favorite flower . did you go to college ?
no college degree here but i do have an iq that is above average .
i prepare tax returns , have my own business .
i need dinner ideas . do you have any good ideas ?
yes , i love meat . the one thing that is not really good for you .
how do you feel about downward facing dog ?
i teach yoga for a living . i could help you . where do you live ?
vegas is awesome ! i play poker with the love of my life since high school .
party on , wayne . i dig the color pink . you play a pink drum set ?
that is really great to have a hobby you enjoy . i prefer more solo activities .
well , yoga since it is my profession . visiting my mother at the cemetery .
i will get a ticket to vegas as soon as i get home . sounds awesome .
i am totally in ! i will wear my favorite pink kilt . is that okay ?
hi how are you doing
cool did you do anything fun for your birthday
that is nice do you like having everyone live with you
i am a cat breeder do you have pets
do you and your family like to cook
that is nice whats your favorite thing to cook
i do it is very relaxing
hello how are you doing ?
very well , i have been drawing all day .
very cool , i wish i could garden but i live in a small apartment .
what kind of tour ? are you in a band ?
that is so cool ! my mom is a music teacher .
indie music is great , my other siblings listen to indie music too .
wow , you are busy . what do you do at the humane center ?
i went skydiving before ! i loved the feeling of flying .
hiya , how are you today ?
good , i am going to apply for a job tomorrow i am nervous .
yes , but i want to be a guide at the smithsonian .
oh thanks ! do you have a job ?
what is your passion in life ?
do you have a favorite food to cook ?
do you make sushi ? i love sushi
i love watching csi , do you have a favorite tv show ?
hi how are you today
pretty good where do you live ?
oh i am in nashville
in my spare time yes , you ?
do you get your own groceries ?
oh does she go to the farmers market
where do you work at
i am having fun with my family
my 3 children do that with me
try listening to music especially classical just like i do
oh , so you play golf too ?
i am in a huge firm , law firm
but there are still things around to achieve
yes it is . and those are the one measures my success
wow i wanted to get one though
hi how are you today ?
i am alright . do you work ?
whats your favorite movie ? slackers ?
what else do you enjoy in life ?
what kind of books eh ?
i do not read much i am a cheerleader
but my hair is black so that is different
i live at a ranch . you ?
how are you doing today ?
that sounds fun . how often do you work out ?
i like to go out on the town but i am not that social
that sounds great . i do like that .
i like to go to the park and hang out with my boys
i do not have kids . i mean my friends .
not so much . i like to read. If I didn't have such a busy schedule, I would love to spend more time reading books.
wow . you must really like games .
hi do you like travel
nice ! i work hard in a farm but i wish travel around the world .
good job . my sister is a nurse like you .
i take photo i wanna go far and taking wonderful pictures .
mm i am good eater . good hobby . i have a funny dogs .
cool . i am hiking with my little dogs sometimes .
i listen rock and go concert . do you like listen music ?
hello , how are you today ?
what hand is your other thumb on ?
not really , but the one about aliens living under the earth is cool .
about 70 . i am short . i also have a big family .
can you stenotype as fast as you can talk ?
yeah , to be honest , all keyboards need to have them .
except mobile , which will be harder to keep us with typing and speed
i am from jackson , mississippi .
hi there ! tell me about yourself
that is awesome . my husband is ceo of taco bell . we are probably enemies
do you like madonna ? she is my sister . i can probably get you tickets if you want
that is awesome ! i love my sister but she hates my five cats .
its a lot . but when i am queen of england , someone else will clean it up
true . plus i really like blue , which is close to royal purple
hi want to get to know each other
no i think people are people , but i do like animals
that is cool . i like nature too . mostly for fishing
no , but that does sound fun . maybe i will start .
do you enjoy listening to music ?
me too . not as much as jimi hendrix though
well i like the guitar so i am a hendrix fan
i am still learning , but i think they are both great
i live on a farm with lots of animals
that good i have five cats
well if you was near i will give you one
yes i just plant truck farm not much
yes but do not no much about them
i just twist it up and put on a hat
hi , how would you like to talk to a mom with 8 children under 10 ?
yes , i am so tired that i need more iron in my diet .
i am trying to keep fit , bc i really like adam levin in love , maybe .
i meant adam levine . any pets ? i have cats 3 of them .
i just remembered oreo cat ran away , so now I only have 2 .
thank you . yes , i have gone skydiving its totally cool
that would be cool , but some other time . i got to run . take care .
hi how are you today ?
better get that funk back to the store before its junk
i am an only child do you dye your hair ?
i dyed mine blonde lately . its wild
brown . i am a great dancer
all kinds . i dance alone though
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing alright , i am a little lonely however . no real friends .
that is really nice of you to say . i am anna , what is your name ?
that is nice to hear . i came from france , i moved to the usa last year .
oh it is lovely there . how many kids do you have ?
what kind of gadgets , and how do they make things easier ?
i help my mom in the kitchen sometimes , but i sometimes make big messes .
hi there , how are you ?
uh american lol ! do you speak another language ?
alright , how about gaelic ?
dura mie ayd ! do you play any sports ?
i speed skate ski often . are skate blades edged weapons
what is a test child ?
hey how are you tonight
wow . you sound excited . not like my boring life
being married and old and on a diet
glad to hear that there is someone like me
i guess . gotta get an uber though . cant drive
ah darn . i am in ca though
i agree . no storms and hurricanes here
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am a walking dead fan , i am waiting for my steaks to get done .
i have heard that , but there are some great coffee shops there .
i love coffee , i have five blends in my fridge .
i love rap , tupac is my favorite .
lol . my dog is awesome , and i am a pagan .
i tend to let people live their lives , and not push anything on anyone .
you can , everyone works differently and must find their own path .
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i like chips too , as long as there was no animal cruelty in the making .
exactly ! it looks like i have found a kindred spirit .
of course ! i was actually in a band called roswell for 17 years .
well , i still play music but i also love hiking , board games , cooking , and traveling .
cleaning is the worst ! i would hire a service but i am saving for retirement .
are you a stay at home parent ?
i have always admired stay at home parents . pro eater is a job i could get behind .
hello i have a nice car that i drive
what kind of food do you cook
mexican food ? i love my family they are very important to me
all that if good , i like tacos from lengua
i have my brothers working for me at my restaurant
yes i do . my whole family works in it
the mexican donkey its in chicago
what part of colorado ? i have been to denver
hi how are you
i am good thanks ! what hobbies do you have ?
no way i am pursuing a degree in music
i play a few instruments ! i really want to be able to play music for a living
thanks for the tip !
probably rock and blues
hello . i was just finishing up my pizza that i had for dinner .
oh yes . youtube is a good way to be entertained and learn things too .
i am an engineer but i am quitting shortly to travel for a couple of months .
here in the usa working on some bitcoins projects
another form of money . i hope you get your wish to travel someday, if only I could travel the world and make vlogs for my channel.
do you live in the usa and are you in school ?
that sounds like a good idea before you start teaching .
yes pizza or fried chicken are my favorite foods .
i normally take my weeks vaca right about now to florida . glad i did not .
smart move . more peaceful that way . i freeze up in groups so i love hiking .
i could not do that . my ocd that i found out about in college would go nuts .
that is a bummer . dad pass away ?
sorry to hear that . i bet he was proud of you for your service .
perhaps i could join you . i often feel i lived this life before .
you guys still after the elves ?
hi there halloween is right around the corner !
i am doing really great , i just got back from hunting and shooting my bow
i tried shooting some lions but i forgot i do not live in africa .
yes ! ! i actually need to go shopping with my daughters !
ohhhh yeah that sounds challenging . i like to remodel houses into haunted houses ! its spooky !
oh that is great ! i am glad i was able to talk to you then !
how are you tonight ?
well , i am plying video games !
well , i play games professionally !
well , i have 4 dogs !
but , i do not have a girlfriend . maybe i game to much !
where do you work ?
how is it strange to work there ?
oh , i see . you do not like formal ?
how are you doing today ?
i just got done reading about adam sandler
also , i do not go out ! i have never dated !
do you like to gamble
is it fun ? also , i have a ton of dogs ! i adopted them !
what about a black truck ?
i have never won when i gamble !
manager of a black jack place ?
hello , how are you doing ?
good to hear . i just got done shopping ! love the shops here in ny .
i am actually studying law right now , what about you ?
awesome , sounds very creative lol .
yes , i have 2 cats and a bird . do you ?
oh that is cute .
i live in manhattan , very busy but i love it . you ?
hello how are you today ?
good , i listen to lots of music
dancing is healthy right ?
so my parents died violently
no but i take joy in small things
i do not work much , do you ?
that sounds like a lot of fun
sure what is your fav color ?
hello , how are you this evening ?
that sounds great . i am waiting on steaks to arrive from the next farm .
i have one that guards my alpacas .
a friend buys the wool and sells products in her etsy shop , want the link ?
you are very welcome . any hobbies ?
that sounds nice , i am on the city council .
i surf and read . do you do either ?
those are nice as well , do you play video games ?
hi ! how are you ? i am enjoying some nature today
great ! how is the weather by you ? lovely here
were you located in the path of a hurricane ?
wow nature at its finest . was your whole family impacted ?
my mother used to be a teacher but at a school
i could see that . are you single ? i am
i like food , especially salad
hello there sonny how are you
oh what fun i loved doing that back in my day
oh my how you remind me of my little grandson bobby
oh yes just like his father i tease everytime they visit me
tanzania you , oh how i would love to go but i am 103
i wish i still had those millions i retired on but i gambled it away
good times i had many shots , card deals and young men i have been through
oh years ago i had a fella named stone cold , rock hard btw
hi there how are you
that is nice . all i do is dance salsa
that is nice . i do more engineering than salsa
neat . i work with bitcoins though
if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a more creative field like engineering.
that is morbid . would love to see
ouch . hope you look good on cam
how are you today ?
that is great ! i love swimming in the ocean there ! what do you do ?
i work as a secretary , but my real love is caring for my three cats
they are tabby , julius , and marmalade . they are all orange . do you have pets ?
cheetos are good . i am eating tacos , they are my favorite food .
that is sad . what happened ? are you ok ?
hello how are you today ?
i am fine , how is that crush working out ?
co worker hook ups are the best
all good things come to an end
you should go for it
lots of thing , what about you ?
i am only 20 years old
is your favorite color blue like me ?
hi how are doing tonight ?
on youtube ? that sounds gross
i wish i could go vegan
i like meat too much lol
i know . now i feel guilty
i refuse to buy leather
yes no need to harm animals for fashion
hi there how are you ?
good . i just got back from having a run . feels good . love running
i love to swim too . i can go really fast !
no , but i used to be . i got a lot of trophies when i was young .
i am 25 . tell him to keep at it ! i also love to cook !
cool ! what do you like to read ? maybe you can read a cookbook and cook ;
no , not much . i need to be on the move , whether it be running or cooking
hello how are you today ?
i great , excited that i will be able to go swim in the lake
i like to go visit places around the world so i am too busy for a pet
lol that is funny , i like to paddleboard with my friends
that is great i just to go to the lake and visit cabins in the woods
no just a lot of swimming , i have been to every state except the state of alaska
that is cool , i bet they are great out there
do you work outside of home ?
hi . how are you ? what do you like ?
i like to go for walks in the city . i walk with my dog .
thanks . i like to get local fruits and vegetables . i go to the farmers market .
i do not work anymore . i am a grandma . i still live in the city .
it is . when my neighbor needs help i am available . what else do you like ?
good for you . do you live in the city as well ?
do you have pets or hobbies ?
at least you feel bad about it . what do you like to sing ?
hey there how are you
just another day haha how are you ?
well i am a mom . raising 2 girls is a job in itself
yea actually . when my husband is not at work .
i do like music . but i enjoy being outside . mountain climbing , hiking , camping etc
oh yes i can imagine .
we will see you are kind of a parent already haha
good afternoon , how are you today ?
ah , i miss my cat . she passed a while ago .
i am in the process of getting a house so i may get a new cat afterwards .
well , i am so busy working in the er its hard to make time to go look .
the red pelvises ! they do russian rockabilly .
nothing wrong with metallica ! i like metal too
i love chicken and rice . i make extra for the other nurses in my unit .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am fine . thank you for asking
my work involves building drones
small drones , for security or whatever you like to use
i love to listen music , play guitar .
i like anime , he is my favorite
he is a rap singer .
probably . do you listen to other singers ?
hey whats going on ? hows your day so far
just reading . i would rather read than watch football haha
so are you aggressive at all ? i have been known as a gentle giant lol
well that is always good . you just have one ?
no i do not have any kids . i drive too fast to have kids yet haha
well i own a 92 mustang fastback . i have almost died twice in it
hi ! how are you ? i am very exciting about my new job !
its selling cars . do you want to not work ?
what do you like doing now that they are away ? me painting and eating !
do you cook meat ! i love anything meat and pizza is my fav , of course !
my wife retired teacher can now cook more for me too !
luckily , we are not in ca . you ?
glad to hear ! we got a lot of cars moved to the dealership because of storm
hello how are you today ?
i am doing great ! me and my cats are reading a book . well i am they listen
a star wars story . wow i bet they have interesting stories to tell
you have a very interesting family .
wow my life seems boring now i just work at a library as a librarian
that is cool do you make some for museums
oh ok that is still very cool . what is your favorite food
i love tuna i could have it every night
i have to go it was nice talking to you
what kind of music do you listen to ?
i like lots but listen to a lot of country music
closest to sales i worked was as a clown once
what kind of events ? i surf in the summer
my mom fixes wrongs as a school teacher
i agree . that is what i did at the circus
i like mushroom and spinach what about you ?
good thing i surf to keep off the weight from the pizza
i think i need help . i am addicted to blackjack .
my name is sam , and i have an addiction to high stakes blackjack
that sounds nice . would my phone work there ? i need to talk to my homies
how many students do you have ? i am teaching a spanish class this year
muy bien ! i bet i could go hiking by the lake , i would like that .
i have not watched those but they sounds interesting
it is good to have hobbies , only bad when becomes addiction like mine
i will try , i want to be normal again , instead of driven by this obsession
hi do you have a cat at home ?
two cats at home stress relievers for me
reading books too while working as a librarian
wow , that is awesome , i tune to eat
really that is interesting and
no it should not be like that
that is at least you have someone with you to help
that is true just stick to it
hello ! how are you this evening ?
love country music . went shopping today and bought a new bmw
sure i am not married
i would love it have always wished i could play
i am an er nurse
i do not drink alcohol . water for me
haha that is not what i meant lol
of course shop but my friends and I like to go out to eat
hello there ! what do you do for a living ?
what a coincidence ! i work in accounting too ! what do you do for fun ?
oh that is nice ! i run track in my spare time and like music , especially Bruno Mars
oh same ! do you like dogs ? i have two of them !
oh I am sorry well mine are very friendly .
i have a newborn ! i bought a red Subaru when she was born , for safety !
definitely , that is why I bought one . how many children do you have ?
ah , i hope to have a big family someday too !
hey ! what are you doing nowadays ?
i joined the military , actually ! i have always wanted to free dive , that sounds like so much fun .
i should as a millennial , but i do not always have access .
me too , I wish I could invent a device that would allow me to breathe underwater indefinitely. my body is too out of shape for wrestling now.
i wish ! i move around too much . i hope i will settle down when i am your age .
how old are you now ?
wow , and still free diving ! that is impressive .
hello . how are you doing
what kind of food is it
where do you work at
i cook for a living
why do you need a new camera
what kind of runs do you do
i guess i do not understand
hello how are you today ?
i am doing very well , just watching my favorite movie good burger
do they eat meat as well or are they vegan ?
wow they sounds like vampires
that is very cool , ride and stallions while on the ranch ?
does he do any whittling or canning , i like to do both
do you enjoy it or do you just do it to make him happy
what is your favorite thing to cook
hi , what is folk metal ?
oh ok , do you have a favorite taco place ?
i enjoy swimming in my free time .
i am credit analyst , 16 years at the company .
i have a bad habit of talking in my sleep .
do you have any pets ? i have a cat .
not really , just live it day to day . hope to be out of debt one day soon .
hello do you wish you could live forever ? i do
that is cool . i love my new samsung phone . i love all the new gaits
my ex has the red . we brok up cause he is too short
cool . i am not biased about size . my dog is smaller than the cat
instant company . how cool was that ! i like to drive free
what grade are you in ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
that sounds great . i am a chef !
i can , and do most nights .
me too ! though , we are in vegas , at a police softball tourney
i do not wear flips , they make my feet hurt .
are you a gamer ? i love fallout .
i have not . i have been to south africa , it was amazing .
gonna share ? i love jokes .
hello how are you what are you doing today ?
ok but i am single and a cyclist . i love pizza and my dad is a cop
i love to see them someday
just let me know if its ok
its ok i can be your friend for now
i am 88 and still strong
yes that is why i am here
that is fun i wish i can still play
hi how are you doing today ?
that is nice . i am ready to quit my job !
that is pretty cool . i wanted a promotion and i have been in the company for years
wow , that is amazing . i am starting to give up on my job . . .
i am not sure if I know him .
i am in the hospitality industry . been there 10 years
i am single too ! it was really nice talking but i almost have to go !
hello ! how are you today ?
well , thanks . what do you like to spend your time doing ?
wow , you must be busy . i enjoy volunteering at elderly nursing facilities .
so not too different ! my father used to be a policeman .
i know . its sad . what else do you enjoy ?
well , ok ! i like red things but i am tall so the color does not look good on me .
hi there , how are you tonight ?
i am sorry about that , we are familiar with surgery in my family .
wow ! i hope that makes you happier and healthier .
my wife beat breast cancer , surgery was part of it . you will be ok
good choice , i am a zookeeper . no hair dying .
my wife works with me and we train 20 kinds of animals
hang out with my family my daughter just graduated
hey hows it going how are you
good . good . my gramps are dead
apart from them i love anime
well have some chocolates . i love them too
just the bible and some
ukr . travel is lit . its hard to get money
yea we all are . see you soon
hi , how is it going ?
pretty good . i just got back from walmart and they had soda on sale .
yeah , its a pretty funny show .
i am more of a game of thrones fan . do you watch it ?
i just really want to see how it ends so i can stop watching it .
its coming , just like winter , which is also my favorite season .
do you like the heat versus the cold ?
hello ! allergies are terrible this time of year !
that sounds awesome ! i just do not like the dusty sand .
do you ride your bike often ?
it is good to have a hobby . do you have any pets ?
i have a cat , even with my allergies . what is your job ?
that is a huge change ! i approve ! ! !
you must be a good musician if you make a career out of it .
i like selling my art at art festivals . do you have any hobbies ?
my new job is working online so now i have more free time to watch movies
customer service . now i can eat beef jerky at work and i love meat
my friends and boss do not even know my real name . they only know my screen name
no but i get to enjoy going to music festivals for my job and its fun
right now i am working and listening to a cool new band , the story so far
my dad bailed too , that is why nobody uses my real name , i would have to be jr .
hey there , how are you ?
how nice ! i have heard it is a great place to visit .
i wish i could travel more
five is a lot of times , i would be lucky if i could travel once a year
do you have any heroes ?
i used to be a big fan of superman when i was little
that is to do with captain america is it not ?
ha ha , i do like the new wonder woman film
good evening , how are you ?
pretty good thank you
i draw for a living .
lol i wish i could make cars that is great
that sounds good i would love that with sprite soda
that is what i do most of the time also
yes this is true lol
hi , is anyone out there ?
how are you doing today ?
what is a deny shirt ?
oh dear , i do not know anything about fancy brands .
walmart is where i do all my shopping .
when i get a chance to go to town , since i live out in the boonies .
oh yes , there are a few .
well hello , how are you on this fine day ?
sounds delicious , my grandson loves chocolate cake , i bet he would love chocolate cake doughnuts .
wow , a mercedes , that would be difficult with kids around , do you have any ?
nice , my kids visit me in my nursing home a lot , kids are the best .
yes i am very lucky . what do you do for work ?
do you make a lot of money at that ?
it sounds like it , i enjoy bingo too , we have a game once a week here .
hello how are you today ?
thinking about what food i want for dinner tonight
mexican food is my favorite ! uh oh . lol
sushi ! i have to be careful , its easy to eat more than i should
you must feel great ! i want to feel that way
swimming is awesome . i spend time on makeup and hair tutorials mostly !
it makes me feel good about myself ! how long have you been out of work ?
i am sorry . i am a plexus consultant , motivated mostly because i wanna lose weight
hey ! i am a mom who loves to stay at home .
i love shows more my favorite is face off on syfy . 2 kids
i love cooking but not baking . of course that would be cool .
i will bake for you i love running as well . what is your favorite thing to do ?
i like it when my things are kept well and organized . do you like organizing things ?
yeah i can imagine with just two its so difficult !
yeah that is a great idea and a relief for any mom !
hello ! how are you doing ?
glad i am not in the path . would not know what to do with my pets !
that would be a hassle for sure . imagine wrangling up my 5 cats lol .
oh ? its nice except i wish the m was blue instead of red . love blue !
baseball , nice ! my husband had taco bell catered to a game once . he is the ceo .
yeah , and i have a sister named madonna . . . lol . how long have you been playing ?
emil ? dang ! i wanna be queen of england and have the orioles play for me !
how are you doing today ?
i love me some beef , just got back from college .
i am majoring in science , taking 3 different classes actually .
i do not , maybe next year when i move in to the dorms .
quite a few girls on deck ? that is awesome i would love that .
no job yet but hoping to be a physicist someday , you ?
pipe dreams are the best dreams , if you catch my drift .
no i do not , i am just a college student who works in the library !
how is it going tonight ? i am tired , getting ready for bed here . you ?
not me . mornings are my best time .
it is easier to see my car engine in the morning . what is your hobby ?
cool ! i really love rpgs , larps , cosplay , etc . i love the costuming .
have any good gluten free pizza recipes ? i am always looking for new ones .
yeah , i have heard that is pretty bad . not even fit for a dog .
what is the buffalo trick ? i have not heard of that one .
would you like to buy an encyclopedia ?
i might have it in my inventory . i am a traveling salesman .
that is very kind of you .
i do not make as much as i would like with sales .
i supplement with a job at a gas station
my life long goal is to be the world's best encyclopedia seller .
how are you doing today ?
i love cars . my name is penny
i sell paintings . i love to draw
i love my truck it helps me out a lot with my business
i know my computer has been doing that . why is that ?
rolling laughing my out loud
how many of these have you done you seem familiar
it seems easy but the money does not add up
hi how are you today ?
i am also a student
i am actually studying in dental school .
yes . i hope to become a dentist soon .
studying is a lot of work . i usually have to stay up late
do you play any sports ?
i play some basketball , but i mostly just watch it on tv
my favorite team is the raptors
hello , how are you ? i am home with my son .
my only son is jason . we go swimming together as treatment for my epilepsy .
me too . my parents are not married , so i do not have people to talk to .
i do not like drinking with my epilepsy .
i am too afraid to find out if it would affect me .
i go swimming with my son .
that is certainly an interesting hobby .
that so ? you believe yourself to be blameless ?
good morning , how are you ?
just enjoying a french vanilla coffee . my favorite , you ?
yes , i respect cows a lot . even named my black and white cat cow
does pro gymnast count as a job ? only downside is i hate the feel of chalk
after dating my boyfriend for 10 years , i guess he is my main job though haha
wow . what did you play ?
wow . who are you ? o
i wish i was . ready to just kick back and drink french vanilla coffee all day
hi how are you today ?
hold on a second have to clean my glasses never quite clean !
am doing really well . thanks ! what are you up to today ?
so loving this fall weather . and you ? wow what crops ?
love nature . especially dancing in the rain . snow ? !
where are you from ? utah ?
heard it snowed a bit there recently . what is idaho like ?
hey , just got back from my evening run , what is going on with you ?
just your typical boring job , not much interesting about me there . what do you do ?
oh i am so sorry , that must have been so hard ! how old were you ?
i do not really have much time to watch anything between all my activities
i like anything that gives me enough energy to get through my daily 2 mile run !
maybe , yeah ! honestly , i only do it to stay in shape for my triathlons
my daughter ! she just graduated and she means the world to me
hello , how are you today ?
i am thankful i can work at home , what do you do there ?
i design video games and monitor social media . i love working from my bed .
i do , i have two dogs . bentley and brody .
bentley is a bassett hound and brody is a rottweiler .
these were rescues , and those are nice dogs .
i always had to take care of my pets , nothing wrong with that .
hi there , how are you tonight ?
i am wore out from tutoring a group of kids all day
math , they are horrible with numbers .
i feel you . i really enjoy riding bikes with my personal trainer
neat , that sounds really cool . do you like dogs ?
yes . i am so glad you asked . three !
mutts , and they are pretty small too .
i am bill and all my attire is purple .
i have a job at wendys . what do you do ?
very cool . i gotta walk home from work every night . 3 miles .
we have baked potatos there .
i should go vegan . i want to study krav maga . looking for a dojo .
i love game of thrones !
i have been folowing it for years . i love that kind of drama .
i also like the gifted . good show .
what is your favorite thing to do ?
does she party hard , like I do in the Atlanta club scenes ?
i love partying , its good for my mild personality disorder .
good thing I am in Atlanta, over here I never miss any music fests !
me too ! is not it cool how my universe works , you just live in it .
my universe is full of dental patients, I am a dental assistant . you ?
i have to travel to ritzy parts of town, where I work in a dental office .
i just finished playing games video games
well this is not gonna help me with my diabetes
rock music is what i really like
i am spoiled because apple is where my mom works
yes i am just now going on
are you in the states ?
yes but i am guessing i am far from you
hello how are you doing today ?
i am doing well , any plans this weekend ?
i am trying to plan a meal for my kids
i made that last night so i need to make something different
that is nice family dynamic . my husband decided to abandon us
we live in Oklahoma a small city
as long it is a loving home who cares
same to you as well . i wish you the best
hi what do you do ?
i just want to first say . . . we never went to the moon !
a butt kicking waitress ? looking to change professions i guess ?
you ll need self defense there no doubt
not really just mostly work . i m a typist . . . an extremely good one !
i like to chat online mostly , as people think i talk too fast
no pets . do you have them ?
hi , how are you today ?
great , relaxing after cutting down trees today .
i use the wood to heat my home in the winter .
it is not cold yet , but i start preparing early .
ha ha ! do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds fun . i really enjoy fishing .
no it is not fast paced at all , it is very relaxing .
a little . it was nice talking to you .
hello, meat eater, country music, football, hunting, and own a huge truck. you?
oh okay. do you sing or dance?
great! what kind of truck do you have?
no. hmmm, I thought I had lost you. you eat meat?
oh okay. you like country music?
oh okay. Milwaukee. I love TV football. you?
hmmm. did your father hunt?
i see. what grade do you teach?
hi are you on any social media sites ?
i spend a lot of time on facebook and instagram .
working at home allows me to spend some time with social media .
do you have any pets ?
i have a dog and cat who like to lay in my bed .
i play computer games in my spare time also like to read .
no i have not been in school for many years . how about you ?
what classes are you taking ? i never enjoyed college but got my degree .
vera here . i did not die . i surf , teach and sing . you ?
me too ! you ever watch my show dine on swine ? you should .
me too ! but i am an author and tv star . you ?
yes ! my mother teaches rabbits sex education . you dance ?
you have a pet pig ? i do . country music makes me hot . you ?
i see . one time i made a unicorn on my show cry . you eat horse meat ?
i love nude surfing . you ? fave cologne is fish away .
hmmm . would you be a guest on dine on swine ? i am a star . come on !
hey whats up ? hows your day
busy . just started a new job with google . working on self driving car statistics
i am a bit of a computer nerd . lol at least that is what people label me as
well that sucks . does not seem logical with how good you are at typing in english
that is awesome . i wish i could speak 2 languages
how so you are not very familiar with the american culture huh ? everything pretty new to you ?
hi there . i listen to rock music with my fiance . what do you do ?
that is too bad . you should do my job and make more money
it is in the hospital , but i am taking online courses to get another job
maybe . does she like rock music ? i do
why do you struggle to chew food ?
hm . well , if you need a ride , i can take you
a cab as a contractor for the local company
hi , i bet i am way cooler than you .
i am so fabulous . from mother russia .
i am preparing for the olympics again . how much do you weigh
i bet i could light you .
i meant , lift . sorry . english is my second language .
i can squat alot . around 400 . i can bench too , around 340 .
i am best . can i lift you ? will you be my wife ?
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i fish for my job
i play guitar a lot
in my spare time really
yeah do you like fast food
i despise it too that is good
bon jour ! my name is annie , i love baby animals especially otters
nice ! what are you reading lately ?
oh i am sorry , my mom works at a bank and she is allergic to nickel alloys
wait for the change . lol
oops i was taking my mushroom ravioli off of the stove bon appetite !
qui , my father died before i was born and he was from brittany . so i learned
ha ha , where do your parents live
what did you do today ?
i worked at the gas station today . nothing too exciting
yes i do . i am a cashier there
what did you get fired for ?
oh no ! maybe i should i could use the money when i move to san diego
i am too young to go to jail and ruin my life . i am only 25
i bet . what do you do for fun ?
i love music . the best band around is rancid
i love motorcycles and tattoos . being a woman that is strange .
is it difficult to socialize ? all my friends drink and too much .
when did you quit ? my sister goes to aa and all of the meetings .
lots of places to get help . do you like motorcycles ? i have one .
harley . are there any other kind ? it is an older one .
i was being a little sarcastic . harley riders only think harleys are it .
same as cars . kawasaki and yamaha take less gas and have less upkeep .
did you hear that troy gentry was killed today in a helicopter crash ?
i love country music and it was such a shock , he was only 50
yeah , did you mean that this bothered you more than your children dying ?
oh , i am so sorry . kids can be really hard to deal with
yes , one daughter and you ?
she is 34 and expecting twins ! ! we are thrilled
yes , we already have three grandsons and the twins are boys too . . lol
love cookies and ice cream
good afternoon how are you ?
i am good do you have any interests ?
my husband works for the army and i am three months pregnant
i do love kids , i really miss riding my horse beauty though
are you married do you have kids ?
that to bad i am sure you find someone
we live in the country on our farm
we raise horse and so do most of the neighbors so it is not so bad
how are you ? i just got a new internet job .
it will leave me less time to experiment with vegan cake recipes though
vegetarian is one thing , but vegan is a little harder
that is good . encourage your coworkers to try it
i search for vegan recipes on the internet . i think i am addicted to the internet
do you have any other hobbies ?
is it a chemistry lab ?
can chemistry help with that ?
hi there . how are you ?
not too bad . my name is jojo .
oh . do you have any tattoos ? i have 2 .
what color is your hair ? mine is red .
oh ok . what do you drive ?
oh , too bad . i drive a blue van . it is big !
hippie here , so it fits me well .
oh , same here . i have the best mom though .
what are you up to , my friend ?
oh you are a kid . i am too . do you have any brothers or sisters ?
i do not have any either
so does my lizard ! his name is gila
what is your favorite color ? mine is purple
i am a girl ! with big brown eyes
ewww no . plants are better than boys
your mom is violent ! mean mommy
hello , my name is dawn and i enjoy reading stephen king books .
where were you born , i was born in france and live in canada .
are you married ? me and my husband have a pair of twins ; he is an author .
oh , you are young and you like baking over reading ?
that is awesome , i write poetry too .
it is rare to hear of people into poetry these days .
my aunt loved poetry and read to me . i am baking blueberry turnovers right now .
hi , do you want to drive my car ?
oh , i was just being a nice canadian
canada obviously . i just told you
yes it is true . it is north of america
just the general area . sure you are canadian ? eek .
i am from outside of chicago .
nope not at all . just a small city . live a simple life .
i do have a dog named emmy . and a cat named felix . living the high life .
hi , i am a football player . how are you ?
lovely ! i only enjoy to play video games with my pet iguana
animals are wonderful and i love them ,
i am a mcdonalds employee . and of course that means my fav movie is star wars .
i understand . i do not eat there either . yuck .
no , i am a fast food employee after all . how about you ?
that is wonderful . wonderful school .
i agree . but it is so costly . and i would not have time to play games .
hi , what do you do for a living ?
that is cool . i am a very experienced nurse and i love my job .
do you have any hobbies ? i am good at playing the violin .
that is fun ! do you like to visit nationals parks ? i really like it .
so are you single , dating , in a committed relationship , or married ?
ironic you are honest about that . i am married . where would you meat your ex ?
hi !
i am a romantic . you ?
very nice . i loveeeee jazz . its so smooth . music ?
also smooth . i love antiques do you shop ?
swimming is relaxing i bet . that is why i antique .
just finding a great buy and being around so much history . i love victorian things .
a happy person looking to have a great chat ! ! !
in the city we have these , used to love taking walks but do not much anymore !
you never know what you are gonna see !
no subways here in kansas city . we have a trolley and that is it !
i have a great love of going to the lake
i really like walking around the lakes . where r u from that you do not have many ?
lol ! i would guess not !
have any interesting hobbies ? besides the cats ?
what are you watching tonight ?
i love watching csi after working at the smithsonian
wow that sounds like a cool relaxing job !
i agree i hate the cold of winter , so warm chocolate chip cookies works well
i drive a prius . my lawyer parents demanded i get it and they are always right .
oh they are very good at what they do
sure you may call them . itll play out like an episode of csi lol
hi , how is it going ?
i am fine , on my lunch break
oh i am a college student and you ?
i know the student loans can be awful
take my dog to the park and painting . how about you ?
wish shopping was in my budget lol
sometimes you have to treat yourself a little
how long does it take you to stop being angry
i think should also get a pet to calm me down
because it seems humans are only there to annoy
i think should also go back to being single
i work alone in my office
am a manager and i only meet important people
do clients stress you like the important people of mine
hey there how are you ? do not be funny either .
i like video games todd an comics do you ?
i like girls but my parents do not know yet , sorry to tell you .
i wish i did not take everything literally goodness .
you are so young you do not understand yet lol .
what kind lol you are cute .
lol awe when would you want
do not talk to me like that . talk to your mom .
hey where are you from
ll are not we all ! ? i live in vienna austria now
i was born in london but moved to vienna for my it job
i am so sorry . what will you do
that is got to be hard ! what was he in for
do you have a big family
no , but my boyfriend is 1 of 9 so i think i win
5 years . yeah he loves it though .
hi there are you a teacher like me ?
then you could shop all day like me
no , i only chase pizza
i got married so young
never , what is your favorite season ?
you sound like my first graders
good , it is probably better that way
as real as pizza right ?
hello , how are you today ?
hi carl , i am liza . i like going to movies every month .
neither do i . they play it at target while i am working .
i buy my dog biscuit every day , but i eat it instead of him
alabama is nice . in currently residing in california
oh , indeed . it tasted like peanut butter
it was crunchy . and very dry . wonder why my dog likes them
hello , how are you today ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing pretty good . i just work too much .
sucks , but i am going to see my favorite band Imagine Dragons .
cool . i am in Texas , where are you ?
i am a dad too , what is your daughter's name ?
that is a nice name , very unique how do you pronounce it ?
hi how's it going tonight
i prefer pumpkins to politics
take a video for me . i love watching youtube
yea i love sports . but better i love shrimp
you can consider getting a pet too
that is nice . at least they do not bite
yea . i have pet dogs and cats
hi ! i just got done watching gone with the wind what a tearjerker !
video games are fun . i always admire the art . . . i am not a very good artist .
oh nice ! i am more of an outdoors guy . i actually shot a lion once !
yeah , it was wild ! someday , i would like to climb mount everest too .
i am not home much , but when i am , i enjoy making clay models .
no , i am an amateur . but i have fun with that at home !
it is . what are your hobbies ?
guess what i like to do !
i do not know what that is . . . i like to play outside .
i like to have picnics with my dolls outside too .
neither . . . i am only 4 years old .
pizza ! me and daddy eat pizza and he gives me flowers .
mmmm ! and he tucks me into my princess bed !
www do you have a doll house i had one growing up
hi , i am from boston , where are you from ?
nope i am a single guy and you ?
cool what do you like to do ?
i am up all night listening to pearl jam
not a vegetables guy , i love meat, but I wish I could enjoy a juicy steak sometimes.
u must be pretty healthy
i am such a procrastinator . i daydream at work and blow off my homework .
sorry about that . hang in there .
makes it hard to sleep . maybe that is why i just cannot get motivated .
s she okay ? i am a terminal romantic so i have issues with relationships .
i expect my life to be a fairy tale . no one lives up to that .
sorry to hear that . whats going on ?
how old are you ? what do you want to be when you grow up ?
i do not wanna grow up .
how are you doing today ?
i babysit for a neighbor who has a collie !
do you take it on the bus ever ? that is the only way i get around
i live on social security , so it is hard for me to afford it .
i am feeling a little judged .
yeah i can tell you are pushy .
i do not desire to be controlled .
no i do not . i rarely snack .
hi i love candy what do you like ?
i love to sleep and never get enough . so what else do you do ?
i am still in high school . i got a d in biology .
i got a c in music only because i sang uptown funk to the class .
i am from the streets . what about you ?
are the kids in your class nice to you ?
i have to go study to get my grades up . are you ready ?
greetings ! what are you up to today ?
ahh , i spend my days slaving away in a factory . must be fun to drive cab !
ice cream is amazing ! i do not think there is anyone who does not like it . where you located ?
living here in seattle , listening to jazz , riding my bicycle all over time . can not complain .
born and raised . broke my nose running amok at 10 . where are you from originally ?
is not that always how it goes ? nasty weather they are having now , though .
absolutely . i have been watching the news closely .
you watching the game right now ?
love sports bro , go raptors ! ! !
cards or the ponies ? what is your poison
group thing nice . as of late i am on my own . dental school is intense
they used to be doctors . retired now
really ? do you believe in that stuff
lol you do not sound close to her . . . .
sometime i wish i was not close to mine . . . she can be too much
anybody is there ? i am waiting to make a good relationship with us
why they are fighting with each other ?
very funny , how is your day going on ?
okay , what are you doing for your living ?
very nice , my work is to make a robot
that is my work , if you reduce the man work you will go to robots
no , it reduce the man work
good , it is the new technology
hello how is your day going so far ?
that is nice i am here just writing down some lines .
just a hobby of mine , i enjoy writing poetry and music .
haha that would be a good idea , it has gained a lot of popularity .
it really is a good idea !
what do you do besides eating pretzels ?
nice my punk band is actually named raving nation
i play the guitar ! about 8 years now .
yo ! i do gigs as a stand up comic !
my sis is in a weird cult , have not heard from her in years
my dad was a commie , a full member so no
deep sea doing is what i really enjoy though
my dad was a participated in the communists
i work as a stand up comedian
i have not spoken to my sister in years , she is in a cult
deep sea diving is my passion , i enjoy it very much
hey how are you today
i have no brothers or sisters . . dancing is my favorite ! and you ?
impressive ! i am between jobs right now . . i do hair . just dyed mine blonde
oh she sounds nice . do you have any children ?
okay and any pets ? i love my 3 kitties
oh i do love pit bulls , beautiful dogs
aww another pretty dog . that could be a fun job , get to be around puppies
hello i have brown eyes
green bean tacos and rice
do you like bacon for breakfast ?
i tattoo an angel on my
i only eat vegetables on weekends .
sure , what is your favorite color ?
i think green is growing on me .
hey hey ! hows it going ?
nice to meet you abby , name mike .
later i am going to baseball practice , i made the college team !
not currently that is my scholarship , when you found what your good at stick with it
discipline is a hard lesson , but you will be a lot happier once you master it !
what bores you about it ?
hi there , i am bob .
do you like dungeons and dragons ?
do you have any pets ?
i make hot dogs for a living but i love nachos
you know i dislike talking to humans
i wish i was a prince
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time
hi how are you today
sorry to hear that he misses you
do you like country music ?
county really hurts my ears though
yeah do you ever do volunteer work
nice i volunteer at dog shelters
yeah we have many to pick from
listening to classic rock while playing darts .
i love my vintage cars and working on them in the garage .
corvettes . i am in marketing for that company .
definitely summer . what are your hobbies ? i like cards and pool .
i hate driving in snow . do you live up north ?
i used to go apple picking , now we go blueberry picking in the south .
ever bake an apple pie ?
wow . i never did that . i have walked in cancer walks .
hey there , hows your day so far ?
its ok . just taking a break at work . i am tired of working in a factory .
that is cool . you listen to any music ?
that is awesome ! i love jazz in particular
that sounds fun . you should party in Seattle . awesome city
i went to my first concert at 10 . busted my nose up bad lol
yea concerts are fun . i enjoy live music for sure
madonna ? not a big fan of hers
hello , how are you this evening ?
very nice ! i just left my music store , and have band practice tonight .
yes , the music store is mine . i am retiring to florida in a few years .
absolutely ! i love jokes too
how about we stop for a drink ?
lol . that is great . i am going to steal that one .
that it is , even though my parents always forbid halloween .
hey , what is your preferred type of music ?
wow , i was just about to say my favorite genre is rock
haha , my favorite hobby is eating food
oh , you shop at nordstrom rack , i can't because i am over 300 pounds
oh okay , how fun must it be to represent people
i love him too , what's your favorite video of him ?
they really are , cedric the entertainer is funny too
lol , they give me life , anybody with sensible humor gives me life
hi ! a proud apple intern here . how are you doing ?
ok , so i should avoid the nerdy techie speak then . is it a big farm ?
i apologize ! please educate me . what tech do you use ?
no , no time for pets right now , but i am into fishing !
do your parents also live on the farm with you ?
nice ! so you both have farms ! my mother is a lawyer . i wo not be .
how so ? do you go and visit them often ?
hello . how are you today ?
i am very sad my cart died and i hate cats
i love trains and my pawpaw has one i play with .
i also enjoy reading about trains also
that would be a long trip
that would be way too cold for me . i am a summer girl
i love to shop and to sleep
i do not like light color clothing how about you
i hate the hot weather , do you ?
cold temperatures are great for me , i hate line
i do not eat go foods
i am a cashier at the grocery
and my second job is also a cashier
i am into comics and making them too
i try to get it to publishers but always rejection
i draw whatever and try to put it in the internet
yes it is true and
where are you from though
do you like it there though
do you like it where you grew up
so you been to different places ?
hi ! how are you today ?
i am tired . i work way too much .
i really need a vacation soon . what about you ?
ok . what do you do for a living ?
i am an office assistant .
something about me i am a procrastinator .
i am thinking about breaking up with my boyfriend .
oh well . i still have not decided .
can i tell you a secret ?
my parents were born in a castle in transylvania . they could be v . . . .
vegetarians but i love to make lamb chops so . . .
i am sorry you can fix that a little bit at a time
when i first got married that is exactly how i was
o no italians are bikers and i am italian by choice
really ? in italy they teach you to ride before you can walk
i give you permission to try again ! bellissimo ! you can !
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i have my masters degree
i do , what about you
i am sorry to hear that
what are the other two ?
oh you should get your license
hey what are you up to
i am okay i dislike my job
i work an office job but i really wanna try out exploring
i try to , currently i visit india when on occasion
one time when i was young , whats your favorite color ?
oh i like black but my favorite is blue
hi how are you today ?
oh fun , i slept in today woohoo ! i do not go to school
oh sounds fun . what do you do for fun ?
ohh . my two brothers are artistic . . not me though
i play football for fun . i grow vegetables since i am a vegan
i guess you could say that lol . are you married
i have not met the one yet
that would be nice . i am sure we will adapt if love at first sight happens though
hello how are you today ? my back is hurting terribly today
yes , but it is so expensive . he did not listen to me about my pain .
where are they located ? i am close to ge plant .
i am a freelance artist . i take pictures for media .
hmm . probably of some kids and their dog playing in a splash fountain .
keep the shutter open for at least 6-8 frames to capture the motion .
hi do you like working out ? i run and swim
i like mornings because i like my coffee
i like pictures i am excited for winter i can go snowmobiling
yea everything is expensive now
i mainly eat apples because they are cheap
did you watch any games today ? i did not have time
oh thank you i have to look up the full results tonight
oh that is no good he is probably out for the season
hello , what are you up to ?
i have a subaru . i need it for all the snow we get in portland , maine .
i am allergic to chocolate , unfortunately . what kind of work do you do ?
never heard of it , what do you do there ?
engineer for an environmental firm . i like photography , and the job requires a lot of pictures .
i am a coca cola fan myself . i live solo now , but my old roommate used to drink pepsi .
but living alone can be lonely . are you married ?
you must really love that pepsi !
hi how are you doing ?
i am doing good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i like that too . i like country as well
hello ! how are you doing ?
awesome ! when i was in africa i had to shoot a lion ! !
oh no . what is wrong with you ?
oh so sorry . i hope to climb mount everest some day
a friend bought me some clay models and i play with them
i love fish what kind is it ?
have you ever seen gone with the wind ?
that is ok it is hard to do that
hi , what is your favorite thing to eat ?
oh i am not a foodie either in fact , i hate eating pizza
i am from england . what about you ?
what about your job ? i am an art teacher for 4th graders
that sounds really difficult and stressful
at least you have something you enjoy , i like reading a lot
hello hope you have more money than me , would not take much
i want to be an artist , but i have to work , wish i did not ,
a perfect job would be sorting ink pens , i could think then
no way ! dogs are alot of work , i would rather write all day
working is the pits , i like writing numbers , i could do it all day
fishing is boring , i could be a pen and ink artist !
only working is more boring , unless i am sorting beautiful pens and make more money
hello there ! how are you ?
wow that is a lot of friends
i like to collect stuff . stamps mostly
hiking is great . lots of fun
i am married . thanks for asking
ya i bet it does
not yet . but maybe soon
hi i am so excited about getting my nails done tomorrow , wyd ?
o wow i saw a man with a cat tattoo at my family's grocery store just yesterday
i love to watch WWE; one of the wrestlers has a thin mustache too
i work with my family at a grocery store but i dream of cafes in Paris .
the most exciting part of my week is getting my nails done , so . . .
ballet is what i pretend to like but i secretly love wrestling
our grocery store is in Wonderland
it's located right next to Oz and below Mars
hi , how are you ?
that is great , what do you do for a living ?
that sounds pretty interesting to do .
nothing yet , i just recently graduated college .
that would be great , are you a baker ?
i am not a really big cooker . i am helpless in the kitchen .
i cannot stand it . i prefer fruit over vegetables .
i do not like fruit on my cake .
hello . my name is beatrice . how do you do ?
pleasure to meet you chelsea . i am watching a little television and cooking for my grandson .
i was making my famous stew for tonight . when i snack , i go for a nice cheese .
of course . what sort of music do you like , chelsea ?
oh , frank sinatra . that man is an angel . how long have you been with your crush ?
how romantic . you should tell him . cook him dinner and let him know how you feel .
what a silly way to be . you probably look lovely . i hope he likes candy .
hello ! hows it going ? hope you are doing well this evening !
i just graduated college ! it will be quite an experience for ya i bet ! some advice . . .
do not skip your classes , cause you are paying for them , remember ?
i graduated with a business degree , trying to find a job in marketing .
have you got an idea what degree you will choose ? its okay if you do not
oh , that is a good , noble cause ! i hope you make it !
got plenty of time to figure out for sure , lots of paths in that degree
some start as dentist but switch to erotology cause they cannot stand the smells
hey there , how are you ?
cool . what were you doing in mexico ?
do you like to swim ?
what do you do for work ?
nice , sounds like a delicious job
i do stand up comedy at local theaters
where in mexico do you go ?
i have never been to mexico
its like a zoo around here .
wow , and i thought my 3 kids and 3 dogs was a lot
it can be interesting . but i have an SUV that fits a lot .
it's necessary to take the full family to our mountain vacation home .
did you go to college as a hippy
oh , i have a degree in law .
hello how is your weekend going ?
nice . spent the day working on my truck .
ford f150 . fords are the best . what kind of car is your dads ?
that is a good one too . good american made cars . mines black . yours ?
ugh , i hate running . ca not ever get in the right rhythm .
you like coffee or soda more ?
what are you doing this weekend ? i am going to a concert !
that is one of my favorite things to do on weekends ! i have never been to alabama.
that is interesting , my mom actually taught me how to play cello !
i love Game of Thrones ! i have a stamp collection of Game of Thrones characters.
i have, it's a chick flick ! my wife enjoys them but i am more of a swimmer !
yeah i go swimming at the Y everyday !
i have a blue swim suit which is my favorite color , i go alone, it's just a gym.
i do not mind swimming alone, but i need someone to go with me to weekend concerts.
hello . . . seen any john grisham movies lately ? i love them !
no . i only watch the movies . i do not read the books .
i do not read much . i spend all my time playing the guitar . i am very good .
i do not know what i want to do yet . my parents used to be in politics .
once they found the good within themselves , they left politics behind .
they do not know what they want to do yet either . do not worry , be happy .
yes , it makes me so happy to think such things . i twirl in my skirt .
the hills are alive ! oh , the sound of music ! la . . . . . . . . . . .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i love watching movies in my spare time
what city are you from ?
no i did not yet
i am from cali , have you ever been ?
i am in the inland empire
do you have any pets ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i am just snuggling my little boy . i have 2 real kids and 2 fur babies .
i became a teacher after one of my children was diagnosed with autism .
being a teacher is rewarding . i love my job . what do you do ?
i am not sure of the timeframe , but i am sorry for the loss of your dad .
whats your favorite hymn to play at church ?
hey . how are you doing this evening ?
i am just hanging out thinking about heaven . any plans this weekend ?
i am watching a tv show about serial killers . i am going to a bible study tomorrow .
i do mission work . we donate tools to families and communities in africa .
i think that its very possible that the moon landing was staged .
i usually just let jesus take the wheel . do you believe ?
its all about faith . you have to pray and meditate . just how i feel .
just close your eyes and talk to yourself . that is basically it .
good evening . how are you doing ?
sounds good ! and i am just peachy . enjoying scary movies tonight .
that would be a cool job . although i would like to be a designer some day .
do it . no dream is too big . i just moved to ny to pursue mine .
bold move . but you sound like you could use a fresh start .
good luck ! i love to go shopping . that is my exercise .
it is . also an expensive one . but fashion is my thing . so it is okay ,
i am albert and used to practice law . you ?
good . i am a judge now . you ?
i will not judge you at all . i work in federal court . you ?
get out ! i do too ! i give everyone fair chances . you ?
you would be a great voiceover artist . eat what ?
yes ! all judges eat . you a lawyer ?
you a chef ? how do we get a bonus here ?
get out ! me too ! i am an ex lawyer . any specialties ?
hi there ! tell me about your family !
are they twins ? my brothers are identical twins .
those are lovely ages . what do you do for a living ?
i am an extra in movies . i want to be a writer .
yeah they are big movies so a lot of famous people . i also sing in competitions .
no i cannot . how about you ?
that is really great definitely useful for children to know ! !
do you have any hobbies ? i am sure you are busy with your children .
hi , i was just playing piano after cleaning up at the coffee shop !
wonderful , i speak multiple languages , if they need a tutor !
Hmong i wish I knew, i am Algerian, but also speak French !
i serve many lawyers at my coffee shop !
yummy ! i make that before i go hiking ! energy !
ouch ! those are nice cars, but i think they can be cleaned up !
vegetarian works, i drink nothing but coffee ! just kidding !
i have a gig with my band ! jazz trio , i am the pianist.
i am on my way to food not bombs . . .
silly , no , to volunteer
it has a good punk scene , work was tuff today dude
common ideals in that group , lounging you know , change the world
my friend won a lesbian look alike contest , he is interesting
volunteer
nature is what we are
hi ! how are you ?
i like most songs . pop music maybe
how about you ?
cool . do you work ?
yes , i make robots
wow . . where do you live ?
in california . there are a lot of chinese restaurant here so i mostly eat chinese food
hey there , how are you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i spend a lot of time working out of my truck , i promote toyota
that is pretty innovative , do you have a favorite cookie ?
wow , way to copy everything .
oh i am sure it is . its mine too
that is how oreos are best .
or just use your fingers and be lazy
hi ! how are you ? if you could count cards in a casino , would you ?
great ! do you work study ?
what do you do ?
congrats ! i want to become a casino manager and put that statistics degree to use
good ! i bet i can make more than you by counting cards in blackjack
well , i know how to count the cards , and i am a dealer on the blackjack table
what are you up to today ? i am spending time with my two daughters .
nice . i get frustrated when i drive my car .
i have a dog named luca .
i like rats as pets but i would not keep wild ones .
that is unfortunate . i have to do that for my little girls .
how tall are you exactly ?
what kind of cookies are they ?
i bake lots of cookies .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am over here in riverside
no i do not play much
i work at a department store
not really i hate people
good morning , how are you ?
i am great . the wife and i just let the animal shelter
so what do you do for a living ?
cool . i am a retired veteran
yes . i love trying new cuisine and you ?
do you have any hobbies ? i love football
interesting l o l
hi ! where are you from ?
i am on an island with my dog .
i am really good at making boats .
whoa ! cool ! i secretly like to eat people .
i know it is not good . we can change the subject .
i like to fish . do you ?
understandable . i have lots of water on my island .
well , not actually . just my house is mine . the island belongs to everyone .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . just came in from playing soccer with my lads .
do you play any sports ?
i am doing great . do you have anything planned for today ?
i am doing well . just wanted to get to know you better .
i have two brothers what about you ?
i am from california . what dance style do you practice ?
i like to draw also . where are you from ?
hi there ! how are you ?
it is going well . i have been playing with my pug corky .
i enjoy yoga but would rather play tennis .
i do , not as well as shopping at the mall though !
i have been deaf since birth so reading is essential in my life !
it does not affect my dating life , i am single and having a blast !
i do ! are you single ?
nothing wrong with that . your career is important .
my parents do not like my dogs
i do too , i am a vet
i also have 2 dogs , and 3 kids
shopping is fun . my mom is allergic to my pets
no , she is not a very good mom
aw , thank you ! same here
oh that sounds amazing ! i am eating chicken nuggets
yeah , and mac and cheese
hello ! how are you today ?
how great ! i love to camp too and paint outside .
the only sport i enjoy is arm wrestling , ha ! i create maps . paint in free time .
what kind of bakery ? i make bagels every morning !
how long does it take to deliver them ? i am retired now , but i was a nurse .
it was exciting ! why i need some painting and baking to relax me .
what else do you like ?
i have never had a pepperoni roll !
hello how are you today
i am find just listening to justin bieber
i am sonny my 2 boys are named after me
no my name is sonny . what do you like to do ?
i love horseback riding we go every month while camping, if only I could ride horses like you do, it seems so freeing.
yes i just went to japan
i think you could do anything
tell me more about you
what is up ! ! welcome to hiking club .
maybe . it depends on where we go .
brb . pancakes are about burn . favorite
ll . booze does not mix with bikes and hiking . . make ya sick
i am a little bit . what about you
nah dude . red meat builds the muscles .
ll my bad . yes grass feed cage free is better . so where u live ?
hey what's up brah ? names kevin
i study software development , what do you do ?
that is the life ! there is a sweet iron man competition down there i want to try
i did , in fact i jam open mic night frequently
sure ! you can sing i will play guitar !
well now i am excited ! i will book my flight for spring break
hi ! how are you doing today ?
a great way to spend the day ! farmers markets are great on a summer Friday
how fancy ! i spend too much time working to cook much
that sounds lovely . i spend my days making my clients happy
unfortunately just sales . giving the best advice is the right thing to do
thank you ! i am always on my phone though
yes and no . i would like a break from it sometimes
that sounds like a lot of fun . i should do that real soon
hello how are you today ?
just got done eating sushi and pizza my favorite
probably cook a delicious meal i love to cook
oh no . i will probably do some studying i am working my my master degree
good for you ! i am studying social sciences as well
cool what kind of music do you like ?
i like gospel and country
love love love ice cream good choice ! !
how are you doing this evening ?
pretty good . just chowing down on some mushroom ravioli
i bet ! nothing better than the original place
no i am sorry ! tell me about you
why do you say that ?
what kind of job do you have ? i work with animals
mine is an animal shelter , so similar work
good evening , how are you ?
tired . i was waitressing all night .
it is . i have to tho , i have a young girl to support .
i signed up for some online classes to better myself .
very cool ! i am in tampa !
ae you on the east coast side of florida ?
i know north of daytona is good surfing .
hi . i am sitting in my prius chatting . what do you drive ?
pretty good . just got off work from the coffee shop . you ?
no . but my car is red like my favorite color . what is yours ?
same here ! what does your mom do ? mine is retired but was a hairdresser .
fancy ! would you ever consider green hair ? !
impressive . no other languages for me , i can barely speak english properly !
i do not , but i want a red parrot .
good evening how are you feeling ?
i eat only vegetables not meat at all .
i love animals , i read about them everyday at my job as a librarian
i have to go to mass in the morning at my catholic church .
i am so sorry you feel that way but i love all people .
i love listening to nickelback band .
i love you even though you keep saying you hate me .
when i visit i will show you nothing but love and kindness .
hello . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to watch nascar and listen to pop music
no pets . i would not mind a dog . what do you do for work ?
i live with my parents but dream to own a beach house
gummy bears are pretty awesome . i like the red flavor ! and you ?
turquoise ! reminds me of the ocean . are you close with your family ?
hi how are you today
where do you work at
i am not good around people
yeah i need to drink to even do that
i try a lot of music
i think drinking is the only answer
i do not aside from the drinks
what are you doing right now ?
very nice . just about to go run around the block . i need my exercise
no i do not , but i should go to rock my bikini body
no pets , but that is really cool !
oh no you are not ! i bet you would be pretty if you put on makeup
no , i am too caught up in my looks . i have a great smile and love makeup
i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend
yes . i can make anyone look pretty
how are you tonight i am great
do you like hockey i love the game
that is nice also my mom likes to paint
i do not think so what do you sing
i like to be happy too like when i visited Japan
it was a great time any time i am away from home is
yes that sounds like a plan
highschool i am going to be there soon
hi there how are you ?
i have developed horrible habits .
you should let that aggression out , try driving a race car , it works .
cars are fast but we should go sky dive, if I could turn back time, I would take up skydiving as a hobby.
i could use some scotch right now .
all of it , i have bad habits
no way , thug life till i die
hi , just got off the treadmill , feeling great . how are you ?
wow , you probably deserved it . i would not know, i get lots of dates .
what kinds do you have ? my favorite thing about dogs is going for walks .
i do not really have time for pets . i get asked to lots of parties .
maybe that is why your girlfriend left .
i steal from work too . got to buy the new fenty foundation .
i have lots of people offering me rides in their fancy cars . not impressed .
hi how are you today
i am alright do you ever run ?
sometimes . i go in my red car
a real fast one ! you got a car ?
oh where do you work ?
in your blimp ? sounds rad
do you like any music ?
hey how is it hanging ?
what is the best season ? it is not now .
nope try warmer . then you are closer to my birthday . . . where do you work ?
that is absolutely awesome .
i only have one lousy cat and you have a moon job .
as for me , i have no job at all . help me ?
is there a job for me and my cat somewhere in outer space ?
i cannot recall my gender assignment , is either one ok for that work ?
howdy partner !
i am pretty good , how about yourself ?
that sounds nice , i have been taking care of a buddy horses this afternoon .
he is out playing football with my brother, I wish my partner would join me in playing football with my brother.
my brother plays in the nfl , but they are just playing around practicing now .
he does not , he just enjoys throwing the ball around with my brother occasionally .
hi there , how are you today ?
cool . where do you wor
that is cool . wish i could afford a house , i am still in school
you know anyone in the military
my dad and i are both veterans and served in the military .
that does not matter . all that matters is i am getting my bachelors and have a girlfriend i love
i wish it was in hunting , i love to eat loads of meat
elk , deer , rabbits , you name it . what do you like to do ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i am great . what video games ?
i like to prepare for christmas year-round
halloween is not as good as christmas joy
i am employed at a local party store and we are getting those shipments
we are gonna get super busy
no it is only hourly
i wish ! come talk to my boss for me
do you want to listen to music with me
honestly , mostly just the beatles
i am really tall , feed your plants to me for nourishment
i could make a potion for you , to make them taste bad to him
okay . i was just trying to help
i like to go be fabulous at gymnastics
no . not really . but i could .
i like all the colors . none specifically
hi , how are you doing today ?
not bad long day at work , tons of meetings lol . are you on vacation ?
i live near a ton of lakes in upstate ny ! great fishing .
where did you use to live ?
its great . my husband and kids like the outdoors , but the city is pretty close .
have you been to lots of cities ? i love to travel .
no ; i want to though ! do you get to travel much after retiring ?
hi how are you today ?
i am a barbie girl so a mansion
are you an only child ?
i go by nancy ! you ?
the talking race cars ? ll
that is very odd to talk about
whats your name ? i am nancy
hi ! how are you this fine evening ?
i have my three kids so i cannot do that . do you have kids ?
ever ? i am not a big drinker so i stick to soda mainly .
cute . i married my last boyfriend my high school sweetheart
are you thinking of marriage ?
ahhh . what kind of music do you like ?
there are some good country singers . i really like the rolling stones
do you like sweets can you stars where i work
store i work in a candy store to my house this is aaron
new york is a good place to run 2 miles every day i run
for five years i ve been married and my wife
yes football is what i play in college before how about you
so what else do you do for fun
oh that s a good organizational skills
wow i really want to visit new york city soon
hi ! how are you on this nice evening ?
nice ! mine is okay . cold and rainy .
sadly no . kids have school . up at 5 am sharp !
cool ! i work with dogs . i have a beagle named droopy .
that it is ! i have three daughters and that is about as much work .
yes . he drives a truck . that is why i picked up a job .
no . i wanted to punch him more than anything . haha !
i believe our souls do long before we meet . but he was rude and cocky .
hello , nice to meet you ?
just a greeting , sorry , i think the question mark jumped up there .
was doing good , but my auto spell thinks differently .
sorry , whats wrong , is it work ?
what kind of work do you do ?
are you married , have a family ?
kids that is rewarding and a big job in itself . i am a carpenter .
hi how are you today ?
why do you have cats then ?
where are you from eh ?
i am from france yo know
we do , stephen king is my favorite
it is so spooky and scary
nah i just read mostly
hi , how is your day going ?
why are you losing your hair ?
i am good just went for a run .
yes i love to run hopefully will do a marathon soon .
oh really how was that encounter ?
that sounds like a fun discussion my family loves the host .
yes its a fun time to spend together
yes i am one of 8 kids
what are your plans today ?
just getting ready to go out and work on my garden for a bit
bell peppers , potatoes , corn , basil , rosemary . a lot of great stuff
absolutely . my 3 kids love all the veggies
hey there are worse things . i teach
english for middle school . i got my certification from college
no , they are not . but it is very rewarding
it does . i love helping my kids too
hello . i have a pet pomeranian . do you like dogs ?
i compete playing violin on competitions , a few of them i have placed high in .
i see . i got my passion from my mom teaching music in elementary school
i have enter in many contest as well as my eldest sister with her clarinet
i do enjoy sports . especially live . i like dancing more than running
football , before they went crazy . baseball and hockey
it is a good sport except when it is a 1000 degrees outside
with family yes . i played co ed softball mostly
hi ! have any kids ? i do ! four daughters .
what do you do for a living ? have any hobbies ?
i race fast cars to make a living ! dangerous but fun !
i also love to fish . it can be relaxing and a nice time .
we have family game night . we like to play games . like board games .
yes they can be smelly ! i do not like cleaning them !
yes of course i am ! i am pretty popular in the race world .
i love going out to eat . whats your favorite kinds of food ?
hi there . how are you today ?
oh wow ! long day ! i enjoy the outdoors !
i make videos for the discovery channel .
oh , that would be rough being color blind in photography .
do you have any kids ?
i am single with no kids too .
oh . what kind of business ?
that sounds very interesting . good luck .
hi how are you today ?
i am feeling great today . i was just out with my dog .
my dog really helps me with my anxiety and my temper .
i like to read to . i would also like to someday teach english .
i think that would be a great job . i also love to listen to music , especially indie .
it does not seem weird to me !
i hate tuna ! i am difficult when it comes to food .
i love pizza and pasta .
hello how are u tonight
not to bad just got home from the club
swimming is pretty fun i have a big pool
i am not fond of kids could not keep up my lifestyle if i had any
maybe but my three red ferrari cars say doubt it
my dad was a famous movie star for many years
i like to read stephen king books
there where so many i cant name them all
dolphins are my favorite animals . what is your favorite animal ?
my dad works in an advertising agency . where does your dad work ?
good for you ! do you drive a rig ?
i adore YouTube so much that i run my channel . what do you run ?
i like creating lets plays . what do you create ?
my project is about various topics . what did you do in the military ?
do you lift weights besides running ?
yes , i do weight training and fitness walking . how much do you lift ?
hey there , how are you ?
that is interesting . are you into people ? i work at a local shelter .
it must be really taxing . it only gets more so from med school i hear .
yeah , i guess paperwork does not compare to that . are you on campus ?
that has to be rough . i just live with my twin , so easy life here .
so are your kids living with their mother ? sorry if i am too personal .
i see . so what else do you do other than being a family man ?
cool , i like movies and their soundtracks . i am actually in a band .
how are you ? i like to surf . do you like a band ?
i am so sorry to hear that did you call her ?
i am sorry she left . i believe we will see them again
i donate the passive income i earn to shelters . i like trains
no one knows about the income i earn . yes , trains are !
not really . i can not stick to one partner
no that is not good , i am with you on that one
thanks . do you have a favorite band ?
do you like to play video games ?
do you have any pets ?
do you got any children ?
what piercings do you have ?
i have 3 kids that live with me .
you should have killed that cat .
just thinking how to help the homeless and poor in the area. I wish I could donate more to help the homeless and poor in the area.
how lovely. hoping to heal the world one app at a time.
that is nice. i tend to like people more than they like me.
i hear you. ever work out? i listen to Christian music.
fun. it is an electronic dance version, but it is fun.
have any hobbies? besides working out, i like to paint.
nice. what kind of music do you play?
wow. never really listened to video game music. is it good?
hello how are you today ?
i am doing well thanks . you like food ?
nice . i made food for everyone here .
just from the store you big silly .
petsmart i love bringing my animals there .
do you own a car ?
i own lots of cars my daddy is a seller
hi ! how are you doing ?
wow nice , i just studied and listened to death metal all weekend
yeah i do , its pretty helpful while i am in college
cool ! especially since i am living at home i can connect with friends better
aw , once my mom retires from being a janitor i plan to get her a dog
not very much so hopefully when i finish college i can help out more
wow that does sound good
hi , how are you ? where are you from ?
i just bought the biggest mansion in japan . i am on tour though with frank ocean .
that would be fun . i am a big time rapper . i moved to japan
they do , surprising , huh ? i moved here permanently after i bought my mansion .
that is great . if you would like to see me perform , i can send tickets .
absolutely ! ! just let me know when you can come and i will send them .
hey how are you today ?
oh wow that is interesting , did you buy them online ? i shop online often .
my son loves bugs , what do you work as ?
we are not all that similar , i love swimming myself .
i do not really pay attention to those, as a mother i do not find it important .
how did that go ? did you win ?
do you ever read ? i enjoy fantasy novels
hey ! my name is jared . i am totally in a band . what do you do ?
coupons are dope ! get all the ramen . what do you do for fun ?
you sound like my girlfriend , luis . she is smart , too . we are gonna graduate together .
thanks , terri . you are alright , you know that ? what is new ?
man , my parents would love you . they are always like , clean up . i am like , no .
likewise . chatting can be a bummer . you have a cat ? i do .
aw man . downer . rip cats of terri . i bet they were awesome dudes .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . playing a game of pool with my friends
yeah , my friends say i am quite excellent at it . do you have a job ?
i love the style i am an art teacher at a middle school
its not for everyone . neither are unicorns , but they are for me !
if you could see anyplace in the world , where would you go ?
cool . i want to visit and explore around the pyramids myself
hello , how are you doing today ?
that sounds so relaxing , i am not the healthiest person . yoga is not my thing
i am very big into mob movies and i snack a lot . typical guy stuff
not particularly , i like nature but i am not very fit
i work from home , what about you ?
that sounds like a wonderful job
that is unfortunate , but it must be worth it working with cool animals
you must be happy to be able to bring them now then
how are you doing tonight ?
playing games online . and playing with my pet snake .
i love them too . i dream of living in the middle of the desert .
not fond of the cold , but i am an engineer intern and live in the cold .
somewhere in alaska , or iceland ?
wisconsin is too cold for me , lol .
ll , yeah me too . i cannot cope with country .
hi , how are you today ?
i am kevin . i am a night owl . tell me about you .
i love chinese food a lot . how about you ?
cool . do you like teaching ?
i am a student . i am single and live alone .
it has its perks . i do not have a good social life .
hi how are you ?
are there any shows you would recommend to watch ?
what is your favorite animal ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you have a favorite tv show ?
battlestar galactica
cool . i am a paper salesman
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
lol what do you do for a living ?
where are you from ? i am in cali
do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
where are you moving to ?
are you going to find a job ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i love going to the ocean
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like camping and hiking
all my clothes and furniture is purple .
i drive really fast cars for a living .
yes i used up all my credit cards there .
sure i call my ex-boyfriend every year for his birthday .
my ideal of a perfect person is cher on clueless .
yes, he is still my ex but birthdays are important to me .
i love that small orange dog on that show .
oh my vera died why you did not tell me i am so heartbroken .
hello , what are you up to today ?
i have not seen that in a long time . i am heading to work soon .
i have a night shift at a local diner .
i once saw the grateful dead play there ! what takes you to quebec ?
very neat . its a lovely place .
i am sure . i might even move to canada . i can do my work anywhere .
i think i could do yoga . just do not ask me to sing terrible singing voice !
hey there , are you married ?
oh ok i am . and i have 3 kids . lol that is why i golf every weekend haha
well that is good . there is nothing wrong with that . you like music ?
oh ok that is cool . i love classical personally
that is always good . where do you work ?
oh ok that is pretty cool . i am a receptionist at a law firm
hi ! i cannot stop thinking that i need another coffee , what do you think ?
why do you feel fat ?
my dad was a fat mechanic ! what did you last eat ?
you can be fat and beautiful , i promise .
is that a good or a bad thing ? i am going to write a song about you
you are a mother and feel like your mother ? that does not sound too bad .
i love food too . and video games
hello , i am mia . whats your name ? where do you live ?
hi samantha . i like the rams , mostly because blue is my favorite color . do you play sports ?
a little . i mostly run track and i like to cook . what color is your hair ?
i have long , blonde hair . i am only 22 . my mom died over 20 years ago .
who is your favorite team , samantha from alabama ?
i had a couple coronas a few weeks ago . i am not really a drinker .
hello , i am pleased to meet you ! tell me about yourself .
i am well . i just got back from visiting my father
he is a famous actor ! you may have seen him in the recent movie it
yeah ! he has made a good career from it . i personally do not enjoy acting though .
i work in an office building . it has also paid well , and supports my love of cars
i currently have 3 ferrari . do you like cars ?
that is awesome . do you live on a farm ?
hi , hows it going with you ?
i am good . i listen to rap music . do you like music ?
that sounds fun . i pass through lots of parks driving my semi .
yeah , i bet . so are you in school ?
i am done with school too . do you like your job ?
cool . when i am home i care for the farm animals
probably the sheep . what animals do you have ?
good afternoon . how are you today ?
hopefully . what is going on ?
my folks just moved to florida and they wound up paying to board theirs .
true . my deadbeat brother just couch surfs , he could help our folks .
he does not . after a decade i am going on a cruise and i need him to .
true , i love shells . i love cooking too but i collect a lot of florida shells .
breakfast ! i make killer omelets , biscuits and gravy , hash .
i used to play guitar for a living but now i work at home on my computer .
i used to work on the road but now i work online . its a lot quieter here .
a few rock and metal bands from back in the day when that was cool .
customer service . i was making boxes at a factory but low pay .
that would be good . i like coffee and i eat a lot of meat like beef jerky
i played hundreds of coffee shops over the years . we might have met .
the story so far is my current favorite . i like colombian deep roast too .
hi there , how are you ?
i am . i have just been sat here drawing . i love to draw
i used to ride scooters with my four siblings, if I had siblings, I would have loved to draw with them too !
its weird when raised in a big family home , now living in an apartment
my mother had red hair . all of her students call her mrs ginger
i love pink and green , especially when i draw .
my mother taught me to draw she is a great teacher .
oh i am sorry to hear that !
hello , how are you ? my name is mary .
i am good , but so tired . its been a long day at work .
i am a nurse at a hospital . also a mother to three kids . what about you ?
that is interesting . what are your interests ?
reading , cooking especially mexican food !
i also love listening to the rolling stones at home after work . helps me unwind .
its been great getting to know you !
how are you doing today ?
just a little sad today
i just want a little kitten to come home to and my parents said no
i have to follow their rules since i live in their basement
i am glad my parents do not get rid of any books i own
harry potter i own several used copies of each book
i have two , i am not sure if my job will allow the one i want
i think the flower shop wants no visible ones
good afternoon . how are you ?
bene . sorry , i love to speak italian
i love to travel and italy is one of my favorite destinations
speaking italian and my eyes being different colors , i get lots of strange looks .
my mom practices osteopath so she is against make up
she also hates my cat , so i do not believe anything she says .
with natural medicine everything to her is bad .
well she has her way of doing things and i do mine .
hello , how are you tonight
i just came home from a school dance , i was ariel . do you dance ?
i have been taking lessons since i was three , now i do competitions .
i do , although we have several dogs now .
i do , especially huskies and springer spaniels. I would love to have a husky as a pet, they are incredibly loyal.
do you have memory or concentration problems ?
i see . do you like the chili peppers ?
mine too . do you love the cooler weather we have been having ?
hi , sorry i am late typing . i was watching a movie .
what are you studying ? hope it is about movies .
nice ! do you get to draw in the spelling bee ? i love drawing .
i am sorry , drawing is so therapeutic . what about music , do you like it ?
that is a great goal . i understand listening to music while studying can help .
my kids love fruit ! i am forever buying it with 5 kiddos .
great goal ! being a mom is great too . we enjoy so much together .
15 , and i am learning so much from him .
hi how are you today ?
what sort of work do you do ? i am in hs still
i am often late too , maybe because of my blonde hair
awesome my favorite food is sausage pizza
nah for some reason i do not
mostly i nibble ice cubes but not always
only when i add butter and candy
not much but i love hs it is fun times
hi how are you tonight
hey . i am working in a high school
yea i am and i volunteer too
nah . but i do lots of yoga
yea do it often . thrice a wk
yea . do it often . its great
yea i love it . its great
i read it in many languages
hey . having a good day ?
i am keeping quite dry . yourself ?
i know how that is . i keep to daily workouts but love cheeseburgers p
good luck ! i was practicing playing my bass guitar until i need to pick my mom up .
i honestly find short and curvy to be attractive .
i tend to cook at home . i take my kiddo out to eat maybe twice a month .
i am sure that you would run out of room !
good morning , i am an older woman with a love for basketball . you ?
pretty good sport too . love spend family time that way hobbies ?
i listen to mostly religious music and i am not a big talker , stay at home mostly
sounds like a blast . do like my meat and potatoes ,
right ! where are you from
indiana , good ol country girl
hiking , fishing , and star gazing mostly quiet activities
sure do what do you like
hello
i am alright . are you working or just hanging out ?
oh , that is cool . . . i just came back from the animal shelter .
yep . i really like the dogs . what kind of music were you listening to ?
a lot of energy i guess . i cannot really study with it on though .
i am in medical school . studying to be a doctor . what do you do ?
wow , do you make a lot of money doing that ?
hello there . how are you ?
that is awesome . just got done playing the guitar .
love them ! i am so exhausted from playing . too bad i do not drink any caffeine
my mother drank a ton of coffee when she was a nurse too
that is awesome . unlike me , i have been at my job for 8 years
i do . i work as an interior designer . its amazing
i do ! they are a lot here in ny
how fun ! i have never been to one before . where are you from ?
hi ! how are you ? i am drinking coffee to wake up .
yes , it starts the creative juices flowing for me .
drawing , painting . my art is my life ! work is play for me !
wow ! is there as skate park near where you live ?
that sounds great ! how often do you get there ?
a lot of people here do that too . they use the bike lanes .
not really into team sports . what is your favorite team ?
oh , you probably loved the peyton manning years !
i am so happy i have a new job
i clean gutters for a living
nope just cruise on my motorcycle, I wish I could ride a motorcycle like you, it seems exhilarating.
i am a carb junkie also
me too especially cake and cookies
me too i hate answering my phone
jess greenburg is my favorite also
i shoot bows too for fun
hi names seth and i became a vegan
yeah same here . my smartphones ring a lot . for work and personal i have two
i enjoy greek vegan penne while watching pretty woman
yeah ? ! what do you like on your italian food . i work as a registered nurse
really ! ! well that is awesome !
i am also asian .
yeah well this is why we are here to get to know each other .
besides movies i also crochet
i love soccer to what kind of Disney movies u like
how do u feel about all these hurricanes
i am too i feel bad for everyone that got hit its pretty bad
not me do u have any kids
awww how many how many boys and girls
awwww that is cute i love kids i have 2 and they are boys
no i think girls are a little more harder to deal with
hi i have a part-time job
oh good . except i live in Florida and hate it
it is way too hot here . i like snow
where is that ? now now
i work at the library on campus
i like to play with legos
i like to play with my cati have to ride the bus
i really want to live in a dorm
hi , how are you today ?
not much yet . i have practice for the band i am in .
i am actually the lead singer .
i have a lot of favorites .
it depends , but many times i do .
oh , are you a vegetarian ? not me .
i do . my favorite is beef though .
do you drink ? i love budweiser .
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
nothing . sitting here farting . i like the smell .
yes , and i always blame others for what do . i am a good person .
yes . i do . do you work ?
oh . well i am born and raised in san francisco . how about you
nice . i always have to buy the beers for everyone . it sucks sometimes .
hello how are you
so what are you into favorite music
i am into the avett brothers right now just heard they are touring
beagles that is great i have a pitt mix
i am in georgia and your girlfriend is in utah
me to navy brat and proud
my dad taught me to respect the military
fear spiders and the steelers dad and football
hi how are you doing
i am good just cooking lunch
mexican food which is my favorite
i do i am a pretty neat person
that is cool what is your job
haha i am a nurse so i have long hours
yeah i am also a mom
hi how are you doing ?
i like being outdoors , playing football
i was married , divorced now
what do you do for a living ?
i hate the sight of blood
i fix roofs , cant be afraid of heights
hey what s up with you ?
that sounds nice . i am practicing singing
yes , a freshman . how about you ?
haha , i am always early . especially for my music classes .
oh i think we all wish we had a nice car .
where are you ? i m in texas .
so lonely . i live with my husband and 4 kids .
hey , how is everything ? yes i am still up . i have to quit drinking caffeine !
yeah , i guess that , like me , you have an unhealthy diet as well .
ll i bet that is tough . i recieved a cheap car for my birthday , you ?
nice perhaps one day i can run over and visit your store .
yes , being skinny and energetic , i run very fast for long distances . i am an officer
where did you go to school ?
hi , how are you this evening ?
good . just got done reading an interesting book about trains
nope it was on how to make them
i work at a community college and you ?
do you crochet for kids , adults or animals ?
cool . i need something for percy . he is my dog
that would be nice . any hobbies besides crochet ?
hey friend , how is your evening ?
just a guy in an apron , lol .
close . i am a baker , although I thought I was going to be an actor. If I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue my passion for acting full-time.
i only make pizza at home for my wife and kids . i do cakes , mostly .
big dreams , and then I fell in love and priorities changed . absolutely no regrets .
kids , and the woman who can always make me smile . do you have kids ?
hello how are you this afternoon ?
i am good , do you play an instrument ? i like to play the piano
i have a yellow camaro , it is my favorite color
yes i do , my boyfriend that is in the army also likes pizza
i do not , i have short hair
i am always on the internet , ever since my father died
i am mostly on social media and youtube
i play a lot of rpgs my self
hello there , how is your day going ?
at work in the warehouse toning up my body
you do realize that the appalachian trail is 2 , 200 miles right
my video game collection takes my mind off things . just throw one in and bang
sounds good , are you in school ?
awesome , hopefully my son can get a good job with his perfect grades
that is a very interesting claim
that is also a very random thought
hey how are you today
i am pretty good where do you work
i want to be a writer but i do extra work
i do i sing and have won lots
do you have twins in your family
yeah i have twin brothers ha
they are the same age but younger
hello ! i just got done taking my daily blood sugar level . yuck !
that stinks . it is rough having any health problems . i should workout .
lol , i do not like working out . i guess i should just ride my bike .
yes it can ! i wish my dogs would run while i ride the bike .
that is awesome ! my dogs are all home . there are 3 ! ! !
that sounds like a dream job !
i wish i could work with dogs . the only thing i am good at is drumming .
good day , how are you ?
10 ? i do not have any piercings , i am too lean for that .
being an olympian makes it difficult to meet people because i travel often . what about you ?
yeah , i prefer to work out when i am stressed . do you exercise ?
i admire people who just go for it and live their lives freely .
right ! would not that be fun !
hi how are you
i just got back from hunting with my sons
that is great i am trying to get my oldest to play football or baseball
that is true my parents were both teachers so i know how important that is
that is a great idea . what do you do when you have down time
that is sounds like it is perfect when you have kids . i volunteer at the spca
its sad seeing all the pets not having good homes especially after the hurricanes
yes it is well i have to go help my son with homework nice chatting
hi , i just came back from a nightwish concert .
now i am just feeding my cat .
i do not have any siblings , i like being alone .
i work at home as well , so i do not have to deal with people .
i am scared of bees as well , i have gotten stung before .
i live in california , yes i have heard of it .
i love pink hair , i enjoy reading do you ?
hi let us get to know each other
i am working on a new business right now
i am selling vegan subscription boxes
that would be great . my day job is in marketing
i like peaceful music . for meditating
absolutely ! i am thinking of doing a lot of advertising online
i think it will be important to target the younger generation .
yes . and they are more likely to order food online
hey how are you . all good ?
that is nice . i love to hang with my 8 grand kids
not really . i am too old to hike though
not really . apart from reading .
i read almost anything . as long as its english
wow . i am retired . quite a difference
yea i try my best to stay mobile
i do not like music . i am hard on hearing
hello , how are you this evening ?
i am taking a quiet break from studying , but doing fine
i am studying with an education program , i want to teach kindergarten .
i go to art museums to calm down when it gets too much
i teach vegan awareness at a local farmers market
it is a lifestyle , i do not use animal products , but i raise awareness too
oh yeah , it is a volunteer job that i do
hey . . its been a minute . remember me ?
its been hard , nate . . bill jr is havin trouble in school
that had to have been hard . i am so sorry
i am about to do the same if kids keep teasing bill about his disability blind
its fine , the wife is cooking my favorite tonight . fried chicken
you should come visit us ! i am a pilot after all , can you say discount ! ! ?
whats been up in your life ?
wow you really meant it when you said nothing . anyway i have to go
hi ! lets play a guessing game . i think you are a college professor !
okay , let me try again . teacher ? retired teacher ?
ll , i was not even close . . . i work as a barista myself .
yes , i do . i was born in algeria , we have got great coffee there .
do you perform professionally ? did you go to school for it ?
well , as long as they keep laughing and keep coming , you are good .
hello how are you today ?
really , i am glad they do not have broccoli ice cream , i hate it
she is ok , rock is better to be honest
that is cool but i prefer video games
not really , just gross and bloody
it reminds me of the dark which makes me afraid of it
hi ! i am a college student but i am 65 years old !
cool . i am allergic to cats , marriage and tree nuts ! ha
yes ! i love to read . books especially . 1984 is my personal favorite
so much of that is becoming true ! it is a must read .
orange is the new black . did you know that ?
have you ever been in prison ?
good morning what is the haps ?
i am ted and i like beatles music
i do not know who that is and also cannot eat peanut
i am shy but i like veggies and do not know accounting
huh that sound nice i want some vegetables
carrots and purple things with roots
that is one of the best !
have you tried frying it ?
hello how are you today ?
great thanks . do you have a hobby ? i really like going snorkeling
have you ever been to a private island ? i like chasing komodo lizards on islands
i like eating the fresh mangoes in the morning on the island too
do you own any apple products ?
yes . i only use apple products as i believe they are inferior to everything else
i guess you could put it that way
hope you have a great day !
droopy is my dog . you have a dog ?
i am a youtube addict . you ?
you like shrimp ? i do .
pumpkins taste good . you eat the seed ?
ever had shrimp and bbq sauce ? its great .
i read pdfs and stuff . do you ?
i have a youtube channel and watch it all the time . you ?
i love dogs . you have one ?
hello how are you today ?
yeah i do peoples makeup and post them to youtube
that is great maybe you would like my youtube channel i have 50 thousand followers
no i have not but it does seem nice
www that is sad have you talked to him
you should give him some time maybe when his life mellows out
that is tough if its meant to happen it will
i hope things work out for you i have to go
hi there ! whats your name ?
the name is sam . i am from mars !
that sounds exciting ! not . i am an awful liar
new york would be a great filming location !
i had a pug once , but it died . i hate thinking about death .
shopping is fun .
whatever i can do to make people smile .
i just got hired for a brand new job today
i am fine and you , i am wearing my favorite green shirt
i found a stray cat today i really adore cats
my new job consist of stealing cars , i love cars
what do you do for a living
it is an awesome job i like to steal green cars
where is your mom right now
it is crazy but it is a lot of fun
hi there how are you
good . but a bit bipolar
i am gonna be a mother next year
specifically my third child is on the way
not really . do you like pita bread ? i love having it with hummus
that is nice . i love them too .
hi , how are you doing today ?
what are you interested in doing ?
i worked at a restaurant when i was in school . helped pay the bills
interesting name , is it strictly a restaurant or is it a club type place ?
good album , i like to dance , not sure if pink floyd is the best for that
me too , i usually like running cross country type trails
not a lot of snakes here , more likely to see a bear lol
lots of winter here , i like to run , but i really enjoyed hockey
hello . how is your day ? man i am looking forward to retiring .
i am a baker . breads , cookies , cakes
yes i do . my adorable kids love them
it pays more than being a struggling actor which is what i wanted to do
what do you do for a living ?
i am baker . i made the best cookies yesterday
i would love to do that especially in hawaii
hello , what do you do ?
you might like my food then , i am a cook !
absolutely . i had to keep all my stuff in perfect when hiking this summer .
i like them , but i also write romance books in my spare time .
john steinbeck . how about you ? what types of food do you like ?
anything quick and easy burgers , omelettes . etc . music tastes ?
i am a big grateful dead fan . some might call me a groupie !
thanks , you too !
hi there , how are you ?
oh , you are a dog person ! i just got a cat ;
that is funny ! we have 4 kids , and they wanted a cat ! !
i hear you . i love me time watching game of thrones when they go to bed though
do you ever go for walks ? i enjoy getting exercise tiring the kids out for bed haha
i bet that is a great place to draw . i sell art for a living
sounds peaceful ! maybe i should think about moving the kids and i
oh , wow . that is far away from me . i am in utah
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just been watching some anime .
that is a lot of cats ! i have two dogs .
haha , that is a good way to get rid of the asparagus .
i am an artist . i love drawing my friends as characters from my little pony . you ?
that would be nice . i would love to work from home .
together , we are going to make america great again , by getting rid of fake news .
i own hotels in canada , they are the greatest . i am rich , very rich .
we are going to bring jobs back to this country , manufacturing jobs .
i am really rich and have a big brain . okay ?
my hands are huge . my iq is huge . i am really rich . okay ? i won the election .
it was the biggest . no one has ever seen a crowd this big . you love ivanka , right ?
everyone loves ivanka . i am rich , really rich . okay ?
we are going to make america great again !
hey how is it going ?
do you travel for work ? only travel i do is through reading i love it !
that is wonderful i stay at home and work from there
that is nice did you guys have children ? my only child is my cat
that is awesome , maybe one day ! right now i spend my extra time reading comics
yea it takes you anywhere you want , you can take your mind off stress
yes , do you attend church services ?
wonderful , say a prayer for me
hi , i am snacking on chocolate
no , me i have coffee daily
no much i spend a lot of time teaching
2nd grade i think , i do yoga daily , and i have a twin
oh , i used to do that when i lived in the mountains
no just in rural pennsylvania
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing pretty good . do anything cool today ?
nice lol . i like being noticed by people so i act like a clown .
well growing up an orphan i did not get my attention so that is why i do it .
queens get stuff handed to them . i work hard for everything i want .
you are their queen i take it ?
that is so adorable . i love cats . they have a cool personality .
what are you up to this weekend ? maybe we can go get a mani-pedi ?
i will have to see if i can get a babysitter for my son Owen .
yes, it did thanks a lot
they have books you can listen to ?
i have never really read books unless it is about makeup .
i don't work since my husband is a hotshot corporate attorney
i love evening gowns and all shoes probably from growing up competing in beauty pageants
no, I only competed when I was younger . do you have any animals ?
hello how are you today
i am doing great might go for a run in a little while .
you must get tired of smelling coffee
weekends off is always great . i am a fitness buff so i am a trainer
they can be fun i race in marathons on the weekends in the summer and spring
what kind of books do you like
it is called the good book
hi there , do you have siblings ? i am an only child .
at a zoo i love pets and plants . i have a pet lizard name gila .
i do . what is your favorite color ? purple is my pleasure .
yes i read everyday i am a bookworm .
those are the best because when i read a good i do not want the book to end .
harry potter , i have read them twice .
i have always been a fan of harry .
hi , how are you today ?
really , like what ? only good news i have is , i just got off work lol
that is good news , congratulations !
my life sucks , i share an apartment and only work four hours .
i would drink my worries away but i do not care for beer .
only good thing right now is my pet koala , she is super cute !
lol there is a first time for everything ! i stress eat as well .
hello there ! how are you today ?
i am in school right now . hoping to become a dentist .
i love music . do like rise against ?
chocolate is so bad for your teeth !
i am into most sports . the raptors are my favorite team .
horses are great animals . do you have any pets ?
i do not have any pets . i am too busy with school .
sounds like it . i stay up very late at night studying .
i do not have a sister or brother and feel life is incomplete .
how can i put it like those who have them ?
how can i make life complete without them ?
i only had one friend in life and is going abroad for further studies .
my parents can not allow me because they are overprotective .
can it open up to me and stop being alone ?
omg my parents are driving me crazy , even though i love them .
yeah get a new job because i was just fired and move out !
is he fat or is your dog a midget ?
hold on , my girlfriend is knocking on my window and don t want parent to know !
i got her inside . my parents are freaking out because they think i m gay
i like guys as well as girls . but having a therapist talk to them would be good .
that s really gross . are you an adult ?
you sound confused . are you drunk or maybe slow ?
i am a trooper , for michigan state , so watch out !
jeb and george are the names of my 2 siberian huskies , license please !
food , i love chocolate cake , with frosting , extra frosting , registration now !
that explains things , i have got 4 kids , all daughters , you have a twilight out !
my huskies are siberian , both of them ! hands on the wheel !
i like the guitar , i can play it !
hello there . how is it going ?
i am fair . what do you do for a living ?
that is cool . what are you studying ?
ya finish strong . and never stop progressing . i started a lawyer and now i am a judge
that is cool . are you thinking marriage after college ?
ivie been married 29 years . when its to the right person it is a wonderful thing
well it was nice talking to you . have a great day !
hey there how are you ? i cannot wait till it snows !
i like to visit my mom while she works she is a social worker .
i like to grow my fruit an vegetables in her garden .
i do , i want to go to nyc an see the ball drop for the new year .
cool , any good as of yet ?
awe you will get better you wait an see .
when you get a chance post it on fb
hello there how are you today ?
it is sunny here but winter is coming i hate the cold
ouch that sounds tough lawyers are in my family parents
i always wanted to work for the smithsonian
big museum i could act out csi every day
i like the carribean i swam with manta rays in the caymans
it sure was wish i was there now
hi , how are you tonight ? i am up late like usual
awesome ! i am watching sports
but i should be studying for my big dentist exam
i pull crocodile teeth and in dental school . my crocodiles are my babies
sadly , my crocodiles ate my pets . i guess that was not a good idea .
alligator ! its so tender ! ! but never crocodile
hello , i am eating pizza and watching the nationals . what are you up to ?
you watching sports ? i love all basketball more than football .
i work for the epa . what do you do ?
do you code or something else ?
cool ! what is your favorite team ? mine is the nationals .
nice , what is your favorite food ? i could eat pizza every day .
hi , how are you this evening ?
congrats ! i am about to start college . any advice ?
thanks , i will keep that in mind . . . i just want to apply myself to my fullest .
what would you have done differently ?
i know what i am going to do . i am going to win . win at everything i do .
do you have any hobbies ?
cool but not really competitive . i like fishing for the biggest trout !
hi , i am a single mother , with 2 sons .
i am not a fan of tomatoes , and am in a wheel chair
yeah well it happens after being in an accident and getting hit .
i am quite short . my 13 year old son teases me .
it was an accident . the ground was wet and slippery and lost control .
wow luck you ? she a good neighbor to be around ?
as long as you get along that is a good thing
hello there , how are you ?
good , thanks ! just got off work , long day at the retail store .
what do you do in your spare time ?
nice ! i really love talking walks along the beach .
i live right by the coast . across from a vegan restaurant perfect for my cravings .
it is ! makes me feel like the little mermaid with my red hair .
red is your favourite or blue ?
hi there , how are you ?
well , i am deaf , so i read a lot .
oh yes , i love the bible . being a man of religion myself .
i do , especially on 747s . i love the number 7
i am actually from there . i never learned to dive as public transport is so good
just take a good book and i quite enjoy it
yes , i love tv . specifically channel 7
oh , they do not show those on channel 7 . what else do you like ?
hi there , i am enjoying a hearty late breakfast of eggs and bacon
i love breakfast ! ! sometimes even for dinner lol
i love going to rock concerts with friends
i love ac dc and up
yea they are awesome , i love hells bells lol
thunderstruck is one of my fav too
i work for uncle sammy lol
nope but not far from that either lol
hello there ! how are you ?
not bad , thanks for asking . do you work anywhere ?
i am a red blooded , meat eating , big truck driving american . cannot work though .
i like that game but i spend most of my time just listening to country music
when i hunt i have to whistle at my dogs . we go almost every night .
that keeps me busy . if i have other time i love watching football on tv
you teach four pets to play mtg while whistling and eating jello ?
lol . . . thought since u were a teacher an all ya know p
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
what city are you from ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i like pop jazz and rap
i guess the people who made an impression
hello , how are you doing today ?
is it your farm or someone else's ?
that is really cool . i work at a coffee shop but i hate it .
well i really like making cool necklaces and earrings . i sell them online .
me too ! i am an ethical vegan !
i have been vegan for seventeen years . trust me , it gets easier !
i wish i had that ! do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend ?
my boyfriend and i are living together right now .
hi how are you doing
that is cool I really want a dog but they are a lot of work
haha that is so true I do not have kids though
that is cute . nowadays I want kids
wow that is interesting do you like shopping
I have a little bit of an addiction
how are you doing today ?
good . i am practicing my sign language ? bu ?
are you going to college ?
that would be a great job .
i bet that it does .
i bet that does . definitely .
i do not do much right now .
i am a workaholic because 60 hours in a week is a lot
so i try to watch sunsets to calm me every morning .
i know right ? do you work ? i am also lazy sometimes
on sundays , after breakfast i go to bed again .
where do you live anyways ?
i was hoping you would say that . i want to exercise more
i live in new york and you ?
the big state , it is very hot out there .
hi , do you like pancakes ?
i deliver lumber and to customers . how s work ?
i work , check trees to be cut . i do fishing too
what are your plans for this weekend ?
who are you going with ?
that s awesome . the one you can get to do
what are you doing today and how are you doing ?
if the one person can do that then you can
hi . how are you ?
good . cleaning up my art studio . where do you work ?
how fun . i go on hikes . do you have pets ?
do you have a favorite team ?
i like french food . i am an expert in speaking french .
too bad . i am allergic to cats , so i have two collies .
i am busy too . packing up . moving soon .
not a puzzle fan . moving to a neighboring state .
how are you doing today
i will probably go home and read
i like thrillers and mysteries
that sounds fun . what did he do ?
what can you eat in that diet
what kind of foods are those
i like dogs but my son is allergic
hi how are you today ?
whats wrong with you ? sad .
i am alright . do you work ?
i do lets play videos on youtube
like me playing video games and commentating
what is your favorite animal ?
hello how is your afternoon going
nice london is nice city
oh i rather watch comedians on netflix
i am not sure what do you mean
i like any type marco polo is my favorite on netflix
yes it is i also like the cooking shows
that is lovely i like to cook italian food to relax
hello , can you tell me a little about yourself ?
ah , its a pleasure to meet you . do you have any kids ?
i have three of my own !
very busy . i am also going back to school right now .
trying to become a casino manager . fingers crossed !
they are a lot of fun . i learned how to count cards in blackjack a while ago .
it was a pleasure talking to you !
hi ! what did you have for dinner ? i had my favorite , burgers
i am a boring accountant . i would rather play tennis . you ?
they might be , but i prefer red over green
have you seen hamilton ? it is amazing !
oh so sorry to hear that . maybe she would still like it
how old are you now ?
i am 37 but i try to stay fit by playing tennis
howdy how are you doing let us chat and make friends .
i am okay i like going out to concerts every weekend .
that is cool each and every day i swim at the y .
that is okay my best color is the bluest of blue .
i also like black and i love the color green too .
my cat is black and white .
me too i love them i love all kinds god created .
yes my mother teaches me to play cello games .
god bless you sweetie take care or we can go again .
hello . how are you doing ?
do you live on the ocean
did you move away from it
do you cook a lot of fish
did you and your husband live out there
do you guys own a bake shop
why did you guys stop ?
hello ! do you have any pets ?
yes . at night my dog and i watch the stars while we cuddle .
i love my dog . one day i will take him in my new porsche i buy .
it will be red . daydreaming about it makes me late for class all the time !
do you mind if i ask how tall you are ?
i am the same ! if i was a little taller i could reach this cookie jar !
oh . well have you considered exercise ?
hi there , how are you this lovely day ?
oh , i love to read suspense novels .
oh that sounds like fun . pizza is my favorite though .
are you in a relationship ? i am single .
you can be in a relationship at any age ! well , reasonable age .
oh , then you are pretty young .
haha . i had my first boyfriend when i was 12 .
what is your favorite subject in school ?
hello there , how are you ?
have you tried soylent green ?
soylent green is people . my lizard is gila .
oh really ? i love gardening and plants .
nope , just my lizard gila .
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
that is a good color . goes well with my brown eyes .
i like purple too . it is so hard to choose .
hello . how are you ? i am sad that it is not summer anymore .
yes , i miss fishing , but now i can get ready to decorate for christmas
wow that is early . at least not while i am listening to classic radio programs
you should play some classic radio programs
i usually cook the fish i catch
it is easy . just broil or saute or fry
that is probably a good idea
sounds like a great idea . maybe next summer
hey how is it going
nothing same 3 toes on my right foot literally haha
not really i work as a zookeeper , stupid bear
cool how old are you ?
oh wow very mature for your age
actually the panda is my fav
haha that is funny , i eat a lot of eggs
hi how are you today ?
true i should try to get healthy
i get hurt a lot i have many bills
yeah the doctors know me by name . .
yeah i should get that fixed . .
i used to run real ral fast
yeah i fell and well . . . you know th rest
i would smile but i am missing teeth from the fall
hi i am tina i gamble too much and hike a few times a year
i am a cashier being bilingual really helps out
yes i like all kinds of music what is your favorite genre ?
i do i have a puppy do you have any animals ?
i grew up on one and we had a lot of veggies which i grew to love
we have that in common i am getting ready for weekly call with my parents we talk a lot
i am in wyoming its pretty beautiful where do you live ?
i have been there once for the summer visiting my aunt
hi how are you doing
good what kind of music do you like
i prefer death metal music
i live at my parents house i am in school
3 more years i cannot wait
i like a lot of foods
hello , how are you this morning ?
i am okay , having a pepsi and getting ready for work . how about you ?
i am a librarian and i read horror novels for reviews .
nice ! i also bird watch on the weekends . do you have any hobbies ?
do they have hotdogs there ? they are my favorite .
only seven years . i really like it .
helping others with their research . i work in the historical section .
yes , it does . we offer so much to the community .
hi how are you today ?
how did you injure yourself ?
are you good at skiing though ? p
i bet you closed your eyes then owch
i am a nurse i can help
i think so . but we are all just human
i play my piano . we have one at the hospital
greetings and salutations . my name is tyler . i am something of an artist .
i love to sing ! what a lovely art form . is that how you express yourself ?
the finest flowers bloom in the shade . still , you should share your voice .
well , a gentleman or gentlewoman should not boast , anyhow .
that is the spirit ! so exciting ! what kind of music do you make ?
i am just living my bliss . i make art and try to change how people feel .
make yourself known ! you could influence the world . why not ?
hey , are you enjoying the cooler weather we have been having ?
sorry my computer can be so slow sometimes . where do you live ?
in NY and the weather is much cooler . goodbye summer . i am 37 . you ?
i am almost 6 feet tall . are you married ? dating ?
yes . i have a tattoo of rita hayworth . she is my crush .
i like traveling too but i avoid the south during summer . too humid .
wait your hair is pink ? that is cool . yeah i love rita hayworth .
yes almost every day at the YMCA .
i am watching the football game . will you pass the popcorn ?
hey , thanks ! my brother is number 54 . go packers !
heck yeah ! i snowboard like a boss and train horses on weekends .
you draw comics of your own ? that is talent .
that is too cool . can you draw sports scenes ?
my brother plays for the packers . we live in wisconsin . maybe you can draw him ?
nah . just with the slopes and my horses . they keep me busy . you ?
what do you like about her ?
hi my name is barb and i love to read multiple books at once .
do you have time for chicken nuggets ? they are good for my stomach .
do you take your kids to school ?
will you buy the hotel i work at ?
my passion is with animals . let us own animals together .
listen to my favorite band , fine frenzy , you ?
i drove my car off of a cliff listening to them one time .
i am still falling . going to try and finish love for reading before i hit .
good evening .
doing well despite my knee been aching last few days . you ?
over working chasing my grand kids around the yard . standing too much , usual thing .
oh , where did you go on those trips ? i was a little wild in my younger days
nice . i took quite a few trips to mountain and camp for weeks end . it was fun
nice , i love to quilt . i make them for all my grandkids and children .
its a great feeling when a project is done . right ?
hi friend , college student here . michigan state represent !
i am doing great , watching my favorite show dancing with the stars and relaxing . how are you ?
same its scary stuff . i am in texas a lot of my coworkers got hit last week
i think that is why i distract myself with tv and showtunes
this week has not been kind . what makes you happy ?
oh man i went camping near colorado springs this summer it was awesome
hi there friend . whats poppin ?
i live where ever my truck is headed, but I wish I could travel the world with my husband in our truck.
drive a truck . . . . me and my wife travel everywhere in it
coffee is the other fuel they sell at gas stations
my wife loves diamonds , but i love vacations
the bible is good . lots of wisdom . i just do not like people taking it literally
hi how are you this evening
that is great your relaxing . i am watching tv with subtitles with my wife
relax with my wife she is deaf so going to the movies is out
that is nice of you education is important
my wifes husband runs one of the studios in hollywood we get to meet celebs
i met ryan reynolds he was amazing
yeah it was what do you do for a living
i build aquariums just got done building one in arizona
hello, how are you today?
i am just driving my black car right now, listening to some rap music
no, I text while driving, I am also eating steak right now winning
how did you know lol
my favorite stone is ruby
yes, I was born in July, I just turned 45
hello there . how are you
that is awesome . being a grandmother , do you approve of long hair for a boy
haha . . . i do not have to many friends because of it
who does not ! my fantasy world involves listening to classical music all day
haha . . . that is awesome . i draw my fantasy world a lot during class
no actually . psychologist actually .
i like to think so . what do you do on your spare time ?
hey there , hows it going
actually just playing with my cat jasper
this one is just plain white , i actually have 4 , ones a pure bengal
i have a puppy , he is a pure shi zu , but he has a long snout
well , i live with my parents still , and my mother and i love cats
my mother used to play , i played the clarinet in competitions for a few years
yep , and my little brother plays now too . i do not have the lung power anymore
hi ! do you have any pets ? i have a cat
i do not think my pickles would
interesting ! do you ever write at starbucks ? i see writers there a lot
that does not sound easy . you would find peace writing in my garden of roses
i like swimming . do you ?
not really . my hippie parents were against tv . they first met at a big concert
who are rick and morty ?
oh yes i think i am .
what are you up to today ?
sounds fun , i am a bit too old for things like that
i am 71 so the gym might be out of my league . i enjoy gardening
i live in the country so i have lots of property and a huge garden
i enjoy cooking very much , i use all my fresh grown veggies for dishes i make
i enjoy soft music , and classical
i really like listening to audiobooks
hi how are you today ?
are you a doctor or a nurse ?
oh do you like dogs
do you listen to music ?
do you read in the car weirdo ?
i really like 2000s indie music
yeah its for the cool kids
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
how did that happen then
i am sorry to hear that
i do nurse work really
for a very long time i do not eat meat
i am vegan even better
yeah it is much harder
have you ever seen gone with the wind ?
you would think that would be the case with me , but no . i love it so much !
incidentally , scarlet is my favorite color . what mediums do you draw with ?
swollen ? what happened , are you okay ?
i know that feeling well !
i rescue turtles . i have two of my own and foster up to a dozen .
all sizes ! right now i have a few large box turtles and a baby snapper .
true story , i saved a giant snapper on the highway at eight months pregnant .
i like my receptionist . like like
she is very pretty and nice to me
daft punk . i am going to ask here to play some video games with me
yeah , i think those guys are too cool , i cannot compete with my inhaler
good luck with that . . i hear its tough
i am a grown man . out of school
so young . well , growing up is fun and hard .
i like donuts and cake and cookies
hello . how are you ? whats your favourite season ? mines spring .
summer is good . fishing then is the best . one of my favourite things to do
i make gaming videos . i hate losing so i am pretty good at them . you ?
my dad was a journalist ! he passed when i was 2 but he was good .
i love the outdoors . hiking , hunting , etc . fishing is my passion . what about you ?
that sounds perfect for you ! say , what colour eyes do you have ? mine are blue .
hi , tell me something about yourself .
rhode island ! i go to school here studying journalism and writing .
i do not , i am introverted and read a lot . mother is a librarian .
no , i live with and help out my mom . i help her with sorting books at work .
what do you do for a living ? i would like to be a journalist someday .
that sounds boring . what do you do for fun ?
i read fantasy novels for fun , sometimes poetry if it is weird enough .
how are you doing tonight ?
good now that i am in my house way from the dark
yes but my mom always protects me
yes as long as there is no broccoli
yeah but it's different when all you do is design video games
ll no i make video games
yuck i hate to eat broccoli but I wish I could join a cooking competition and show off my skills.
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
what do you mean that you live in ants ?
oh dear . do you have any family ?
my former boyfriend was from texas . i still love him , though .
do you cook for him ? i often do for my family .
ha . i love to laugh with my cute laugh .
thanks . that is what my friends say . do you work ?
interesting . my office is in a building where they publish .
hi how are you doing
that sounds nice i am hanging with my siblings
that is cool there are 6 of us it gets pretty hectic
i like hanging with friends but i am nervous for the future
i am not sure what i want to do with my life
wow that is awesome what is your favorite antique you have
oh cool maybe i just need to find a passion
hi there ! do you like music ?
i had tickets to see bruno mars but my parents grounded me
hmmm maybe an actress since my grades are not the best . whats out west ?
lol sounds like you cant wait for some freedom ?
nice ! i go to public school but its a bore . i even sleep in class !
why is that ?
do you have a lot of friends there ?
i am sorry to hear that
hello . whats been going on ?
i have been spending most of it drinking decaf coffee and listening to rolling stones
i have been at the same place for 8 years . i am a medical assistant .
it is . my mom was a nurse though so she got me in the industry
i am from oregon . what about you ?
oh okay . how do you like boston ?
what do you do for fun ?
hi how are you doing
i am great just got back from a family vacation . do you remodel for a living
i listen to music mostly country music since it is my favorite
i love christmas the snow and the snacks before the main meals .
yeah it means even more family vacations . i love it
yeah mine really make it fun . i really love that we bring lots of snacks
yeah i have to have one between every meal
no i just like to snack
hi . how are you today ?
getting ready to go pick my brother up from his job at best buy .
yep . we have the best electronics especially the video games
how far is it ? where do you live ?
that is awesome . we are from canada . our nearest neighbor was pretty far away then .
piercings are cool . i do not have any though .
so what do you do for fun ?
what kinds of hunting do you do ?
hi there . i have five kids with my husband . do you have kids ?
oh , i met my husband partying . we were freshmen in college
it is , but i got through college to be a nurse
i love pizza , especially on my way to visit national parks
yes . i could come play my violin while you eat
as long as its a national park , i believe i would
yes , my five kids make it a party
hello sir , how are you this fine day ?
i miss spicy food . this stuff we get in the army is so bland .
true but do not tell my wife that . she thinks i have it so bad .
do you live with her ?
you should join the army , you can travel and get paid .
do you ever think about death , son ?
i used to until i devoted my life to america . i am not afraid now ,
is your mom doing well ?
i teach kids for a living . what do you do ?
that is sad . do you at least have hobbies ?
i love kids . i am a country music fan as well and sing .
that is sad . i am sorry .
i love dogs but do not have one .
that is horrible . what a life .
wow . you are also so modest .
i hate when that happens .
hi
hi there ! how are you
cool . i just got off of work as well . i work at a doctors office .
i do not do much . i am studying to be a dental hygienist . although , i hate seeing saliva .
i know how that is . do you have any tattoos ?
awesome . i have a tattoo on my right ankle and thorns on my toes .
do you like hot chocolate ?
i generally only drink it in the winter , its far too hot the rest of the time .
ll . do you like to read ?
me , i can read anywhere . i love to read , its my moms fault .
she used to read me bedtime stories . now she works too hard to read herself .
it depends on which parent you see me with . how about you ?
that is beautiful ! ginger is lovely . . though i do not envy curls . have any allergies ?
hi , hows your day going so far ?
interesting ? whats the connection between beans and rocks ?
oh good for you , i study art at the moment in college .
no , kids toys not my thing . painting is my passion
my major is photorealism in college , currently painting a portrait of cookies and ice cream
i love all paintings big and small
hello , how is it going
why is that ? i do not understand .
i am sorry to hear that
what did he do to get you into trouble ?
you should take time for yourself . i like to go hiking .
well i work a lot at a bank , what about you ?
do you go to school ?
nothing ? do you have a favorite phone ? i prefer iPhones myself .
well , i have always wanted to visit other countries . i have never gotten away from here
yeah , if I ever get to go to college I guess one day
yeah , i must get back to work though . i hope things get better with your family .
i am stuck here at home in a wheelchair and i do not have many friends .
i have a lot of red clothing . it matches my wheelchair
yes and go stroll through the park . i like going there .
confidence is good , especially when your in a wheelchair like i am .
what kind of red car ? i will race you with my red wheelchair !
we are just all red tonight .
ok if we go to the park . that is a favorite place i like to go .
evening , getting ready to do a little night fishing . you fish ?
lots of girls fish , my own do and they are girly girls
you should not . i drink beer and fish . do not care about my image
let it go , and you will be just fine .
mine do too . they fight about laundry .
get a good education and move somewhere nice .
mechanical engineer , single dad , and cheerleader .
hello there , how are you ?
oh really ? what do you do , if i may ask ?
i am a stay at home mother of two kids . that alone is a job .
what is his name , if i may ask ?
good name . how long have you two been married ?
10 and 13 . amazing they grow up so quickly . one already thinks herself an adult .
well that is not so bad . as long as he does not make any accidental calls .
ilii . so lets get down to business , you believe in mermaids or what
oh . well that is unfortunate . are you a mom ?
oh , that is cool . i guess we do not have much in common so far . lol . any siblings ?
cool ! i actually have four sisses too ! funny
eh , i hate my job its not important . but i love to drink ice cold tea !
i disagree . my mom agrees me . do not know , what ?
disagree that every job is important . no , but she is the best friend i have
what makes you feel good ?
i like to laugh as much as possible
no but i have a best friend that lives in tanzania
what food do you like to make ?
i like to bake and my favorite is making brownies
i do but it is hard to dance to it because i am always wearing flip flops
i would be too ugly to do that with all my freckles
hello , how are you today ?
just hanging out with my kids before work later , these 3 are crazy
oh i love costco ! and they eat a ton !
i do ! i work in a casino as a blackjack dealer , we have live bands
i bet he has ! i only just started at this job
i love it , since i got my statistics degree , my counting cards knowledge helps
i totally could ! come in during one of my shifts
almost overnight , from 5pm 2am
is anyone on the other side ?
ah , cool . i am a vet tech , myself .
what programming languages are you into ?
i do not program much , but i know a couple .
that would be cool . i am usually too busy reading in my down time .
yeah , i am done with school and already working .
well , i do keep learning , but not through formal schooling .
what are you doing up late ? watching movies ?
hey there ! how is your day going ?
oh cool ! are you a vegan ?
no , but i became a vegetarian after getting my french bulldog frank .
i was upset about losing my diamond at a debutante ball , so i bought myself a dog .
i took off my ring before getting my nails done , and i just never found it .
well i have a good trust fund , so i replaced it . what do you do for fun ?
that is great . do you work on a farm ?
i went to university and finished three years ago
i have a job working at a bank
my dad had a career at a bank
i reside in the metropolitan area
as a child i developed in the upstate
i have a career at a bank
hi how are you doing ?
i am crazy about halloween
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i love sleeping as well
do you have any pets ?
hello what do you like to do for fun ?
i see well you are in the golden age ! what is your favorite color ?
i see well you are in the golden age ! what is your favorite color ?
my favorite is orange and i have a hot pink moped ! do you enjoy makeup ?
i hate makeup myself . do you enjoy music ?
i love kids that is amazing , i am a drummer in a band
how many kids does the woman next door have ?
that is right , we all need to live !
hello how are you this gorgeous day ?
fairly good . just trying to decide what i am going to cook tonight
everything . i am a cook of the gourmet variety so i make everything
yes i love making cannolis and creme brulee
chocolate cake is yummy i agree . what else do you like ?
delicious ! ! any hobbies besides food ? haha
i love singing . not to brag but i am amazing at it
hey how is it going ?
i am great , wow that is a long flight
yeah i have been l . a quite a few times
no i live in philadelphia , but i travel a lot
its more for the job , but i like to travel on the off season
just a few , brazil , france , mexico , and jamaica
where in japan did you go , i have friend who lives in sendai
that is nice and central , sendai is quite a bit north from there
hey what are you up to
i am okay i am with my brothers and sisters , i am actually one of four siblings
to be honest i work some very weird jobs
we will keep that a secret haha
i am from india , i was actually born under a blood moon
no i do not , i want a dog because i like going on hikes
not really besides going hiking, i wish I could play badminton like you.
very often , its something to do when i am free
just got back from fishing with my 4 daughters . did you do anything fun today ?
what do you do for a living ? hobbies ?
that is nice . i am a race car driver and mostly enjoy playing board games .
do they live near you ?
so you are a dog lover . anything else that stands out about you ?
i am for the outdoors too . seems to keep me going . sitting is not my things .
true . the wind blowing in is well enough haha .
ever go out to the races ?
hello . how are you tonight ?
congrats ! i need a credit card bahasa .
i agree ! if i had not been such a wild child maybe i could have saved money .
yes . i want money to travel to puerto rico or ireland one day .
what type of puppy ? i have a bulldog and pitbull . they big goofs .
nice name ! i got each mine a red and blue collar my favorite colors .
hello there ! how are you doing today ?
ca not complain . my kids do that enough
what ! ? ! ? ! i love him . that is so crazy !
www that sounds mean . he is usually super nice on his show
you sew clothing ? is that difficult ?
not really . my kids and i are in our churches choir
we need to get a pianist . would help me stay on key
hi how are you ? i was just working here in my salon .
its my hair salon , we do all kinds of stuff like color my hair purple
i own it , what about you ?
that is great , whats your plans ?
ah that is great , maybe you could write on my boat about the sea
yes its mine , that is where i live on the ocean come visit
i hope so , you could have painted my wedding last year .
wow that is a great idea my wife has lots of photos and shoes
hi do you want to go to the mall with me ?
oh . i wanted to go scout some people to ask on dates .
we could take my dog . it would be a good time .
i have a secret , can i tell you ?
i can play tennis . i was born deaf but none of my dates know .
we can walk at the mall , not run .
hmmm . maybe purple . i do not really know .
gas prices are rising . it's very annoying
how so they look over there as compared to most of american prices ?
the other day , i was with my brother , and we met payton manning at the store .
yeah , he was really nice and gave us his autograph . then continued shopping .
swimming is cool . i collect rocks and create macaroni art .
not so much . i always buy stuff from the store that's already made .
hello good afternoon how are you
i am in school and my grades are great
i work with my animals that i love
i am only fifteen so i can not work
my grades are great and i play hockey
i also play soccer and need my cellphone
aww i am so sorry to hear that
wow a stroke well i will pray for you
hello , i am reginald . how are you today ?
excellent , thanks . what do you like to do for fun , i am wondering .
cool . i am a writer . i have a masters in the field of creative writing .
you are very creative , it sounds like . what have you been in ?
oh okay . how about your family ? brothers and sisters ?
that is a good reason . i have two brothers , three sisters
has its good and bad parts . sometimes they are in my hair too much
actually my sisters are vegans . you would get along with them , probably
hi ! i am getting ready for cosplay . i like it , do you ?
have you been to renaissance fairs ? i only went to a few .
comedy , anime and games . i like those too ! i do not have parties .
no . but i do love watching tv , especially my favorite game of thrones ! you ?
that is sad . i also love watching movies . do you ?
so do you work ? i do , but from home .
oh i forgot you said that earlier ! i do micro jobs .
they are a bunch of little jobs you can do . like annotating , boxing , chatting and etc .
guess what ? i started my new job last week !
mcdonald . that is my good news . bad news , failing women studies
i know the feeling of small . i had to share a bedroom with my four siblings .
do you have a car ? i just bought my first , a blue one .
rose is a beautiful name for a cat . i need to name my honda civic .
hmm interesting , i can only turn right with my car , left turns in it scares me .
not yet , but around the block a few times , late to school a lot
hi , how are you doing ?
i wish i had a place to live. If I hadn't dropped out of college, I might have pursued my dream of being in a band.
yes , been homeless a month now . i was living with my ex bf .
mine cheated on me and i
that is awful . boys are jerks . are you in school ?
ouch . i had to drop out when i became homeless .
that is cool . i would love to be in a band .
hi how are you today
i am pretty good . i have lots of babydolls
how many stamps do you have
do you know your dad well ?
mine is a deadbeat you are lucky
not sure we have not spoken in forever
hi there . i am just pickling some eggs .
me too . i love going on long hikes .
soft rock mostly . i listen to hip hop when i play volleyball .
that is tough . are you looking for a job ?
that is a shame . does he get out soon ?
i love big trucks . i am getting my nails done today .
hi , i am a waitress in houston , what do you do ?
cool . i might have to try a vegan cake at my wedding
yes , and we are moving to australia
yeah , we just want to start fresh . do you have any hobbies ?
laughter is the best medicine
its also been said laughter is contagious lol
is he not a happy person ?
oh okay but at least he is a good provider
hi , my favorite thing for dinner is spaghetti . what about you ?
oh wow , its always summer at my job in the power plant ll
no , just on fb . i spend more time out in my new chevy . . . my baby !
oh , they must love being with you and puppies ! ! i read real books a lot .
i have never used a kindle , i love the feel of real paper .
oh , then you are totally forgiven ll . your kids names ?
sounds like they will grow up to be politicians , in a good way .
mine is 13 but he is still my baby !
hey ! what have you been up to this morning ?
oh no ! why is that ?
what was in your wallet ? hopefully money to go buy me a steak
have you been out of school for long ?
that is kinda weird but we all do strange stuff . i only get 3 hours of sleep
who is justin ? justin bieber ?
oh well you can always just go kidnap him haha . do you travel at all ?
i am eating indian food . i love ethnic foods and i cook them very well .
my hair is real frizzy and curly so i have to pull it back when i cook .
i know someone with autism . they say arts and crafts are good for them .
i am a real tall woman but my stove is short . i need to be higher .
i heard games can help too . i like drawing and i help them learn to draw .
yes i will get a carpenter to put my stove up on blocks .
ethnic foods are full of flavors and spices that is why i love to cook them so much .
hey , are you my next customer ? i have been painting all day
what were you working on ?
oh , i see . i just paint all day . i dream of finishing giant murals one day .
i have never been to a hockey game !
that is so sweet of you .
sure ! you should come to my art exhibit too .
i will as soon as it is confirmed with the office .
hi , i really love my dog
i i like red and i am short
i can speak alien . only alien
it is alot of fun . you should try .
oh ok . boring . i have a brother and sister
qwerty . very qwerty . i think so
are you sick ? i think so
sick sick , i am so sick
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i work as a graphic designer
not too stressful but kinda boring
so you must work a lot
do you get to travel much ?
hello , can i sing to you ?
i sometimes dance when i listen to the lumineers
i love smiling , will you paint me ?
not really . i mostly just sing and read .
sure . i can dance for you too .
the lumineers inspire me . any book is fine usually .
i am not married . make cute things , that is what people love .
you are just so sweet . write a book about you loving me .
hi ! my cat , speckles , just walked in the room .
that is too bad . what are you studying ?
that sounds interesting ! i work in an engineering office .
agricultural engineering . i just work in finance though .
planning is always fun ! i love planning my shopping trips ahead .
i love ice cream . too bad its getting too cold out to eat much ice cream .
my favorite hobby is knitting . unfortunately, it bores speckles .
hello ! how are you ?
i love reading . and language in general . i speak 3 arabic , english and french !
i have been to both france and canada . what made you move ?
i do . balista by day and jazz piano player in a band by night .
what else do you like to do ? hiking is my other big passion outside of piano .
that can be rough , my sister in law is on bed rest right now as well .
the bus is the only transportation i use
because i am a woman , and is old
i am fine , the checks from social security is my main source of income
so the house a door away , i do babysit , and she is a woman
i love yellow color because it makes me happy what about you ?
i am older than you . . . guess !
49 , do you like ice cream ? what color of ice cream do you like
ha ha ok , what is your favorite flavor ?
hello there , how are you doing today ?
i am doing well , just playing some computer games .
i wish i could go shopping , but i cannot leave my bed .
i am happy that i work at home in my bed . what about you ?
i do not have kids , i have several pets .
since i do not get out , i see the world through different forms of social media , you ?
do you go visit them ?
hello how are you today ?
its daytime for me , that is why i am heading to the beach
that is sad , i know someone like that .
i would if i were you . if not you can come start a juicing bar
i am just a lazy surfer
that is very random you know
sounds very boring , you should try surfing
i have and i try not to bite them , i am vegan
hi . how are you doing .
in six months i will be married . yikes !
yes , my sweet tooth will thank you .
i am the middle child out of 3 . i am the only one with a mercedes .
being awesome . how about you ?
i like to color and i wear a helmet .
tap dancing seems fun . i do not dance .
i like exotic dancers mostly .
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is good , my day is great so far . just about to take my daughter to the park .
she has blonde hair just like me awesome , how did that go ?
www , that is so sweet . my mother lifts weights for a hobby lol !
yes , we have two cats and a bird ? you ?
awesome , me too . i wish i could have 5 cats lol !
hello . do you read reddit . i usually post things daily
i do insurance sales . super boring .
i usually ride my bike when its warm out . mostly on weekends .
i never fished before . is it dangerous ?
what your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i have a son so maybe and he loves blue lol .
how do you do it ? i usually work from home
hello from chicago ! ! ! ! ! how are you ?
i have been playing quake and am so happy ! ! !
yes ! ! ! i am a fashion design major ! ! !
hanging out with my moms , drawing and baseball !
what color is it ? ? hopefully red . i love red ! ! ! ! ! !
that is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i want a ride ! ! ! ! ;
that is great ! ! ! ! my moms are calling to tell me they love me ! ! !
hey there , you got any hobbies ?
not bad , must be peaceful , i like sewing how about you ?
i also have a garden , been trying to get huge watermelons
what kind ? honey dew ? i also have pumpkins
you do not know which kind of melon ? be careful
good advice . i like to make pies , grape ones . weird i know
it sounds bad , but you would be freaked out they are wicked good
hi ! i am about to start the police academy this coming summer !
that sounds fun . i have a prized bowie knife that i take in the woods .
no tats here . i do love watching MMA fights though !
that sounds like fun . i need to eat dinner i am super hungry !
haha that is so funny ! i have no pets sadly .
i am really into photography as well .
oh really ? what sort of equipment does he use ?
anyone like the raptors ? i love all sports , but the raptors rule !
wow . i am going to dental school . up all night to study .
part time or full time ? do you sleep all day ? i almost do .
where to ? what do you hope to accomplish by moving ?
hmmmm . . . who is your favorite band ? do you have plans other than that ?
i have heard of them . i think i know who you are ! right ?
i guess not . i like rancid , all right , but sports are better than ballet .
hey , how are you ? just got back from a long walk , so i am beat
me too actually haha . i am an artist and pen is my favorite medium .
wow , that is great ! what do you write ?
why do you wish that ?
i see . i did not realize that newspaper journalists are underpaid .
to what ? if i could write , i would try to write for game of thrones .
oh , wow ! i am a freelance artist , and i can tell you its not easy . its rewarding .
hello , my name is jed . how are you ?
fantastic i like to fish so i hope that does not offend you .
what a sport ! do you like music at all hendrix is my favorite ?
garth is pretty cool . i saw him in concert at college before i dropped out .
i love pets i have a coon hound named jesse .
wow that is really something . i am just a deli employee .
i work at the grocery store although we make subs as well .
hey . whats up . how are you ?
were they murdered in an alley during a robbery ?
oh ok just making sure . i am looking for bruce wayne . he is here somewhere
it pops up occasionally in casual conversation . what kind of models ?
wow . is it very large ? i am fixing hot chocolate
nice . do you like coffee . i just had a cup this afternoon
me too . caramel and mocha are my favorite . do you work ?
hi . . . how are you doing today ?
i am doing ok . . . i just wish my girlfriend would stop threatening to break up with me
i watched a movie about something like that it was by john grisham
i really hate having to put on pants everyday
my parents were like that when they were in politics
i have brown eyes . . politics can really take the goodness out of you while you are involved
have you ever tried reading a john grisham book i do not care for them
i really like his movies just not his books
i am good hope you are doing well
i like to draw a lot and create designs
i also love to write create stories and poems
i had to see a lot of stuff when i was young too
do you have kids ? i love pizza so much but really depends on my mood .
my goodness ! i am going to have to go get some .
that is confidential information . i am sure you understand .
what do you call a tree ? a tree lol i love jokes
japan that is nice . i want to go there in hopes of changing the world
i work with my mom in the factory
hockey , are you any good ?
we i have to go soon i love to by early for my volunteer job
i am sorry to hear that
cool i know you miss them
what else do you like ?
hi , i love painting pictures what you love doing
that sound good i love listen to gospel
ok , do you love going to the beach
well you need to try it some time i no you will love walking on the beach
might go back to school one day , yes i work
i do care giver for the senor
good luck , what is your favorite color
how are you doing today
where do you work at ? i am old .
where do you wait tables at
i work with the public still . i can not wait to retire .
i want to have a house with a garden and pool, I wish I could have a garden and pool in my home like you want.
i just want to relax and sew on the porch
does she like it a lot
i really need to lose weight . having trouble shedding a couple of pounds .
i can relate . extra weight does not look good on a short woman like me .
yes , but i am really short sighted . sometime i wear contacts .
you are so wise ! never thought of that .
i work on a farm . i like animals
kangaroos . there are lots of them in new zealand .
that too . have you visited new zealand ?
both countries have lots of animals . but there are too far from america !
hi how are you doing tonight ?
i work more than 60 hours a week at a restaurant so i just eat there .
my boss is the worst ! but when i go out i know how to party hard !
my family helps me a lot to balance my work schedule .
yes i agree . do you know who bob marley is ?
no he was a reggae singer . i did not know who he was until yesterday .
yes i have i am not really a fan .
that sounds disgusting ! i think it would make me sick .
hi how are you doing
i am good what are your hobbies
interesting do you like to travel ?
that makes sense i try to travel overseas about once a year
i try and pick a new place each time so i can learn about different cultures
that is the hardest part there are so many great places
yeah ! do you like to watch tv ?
hey there , what are you doing ?
i am good ! watching a movie with my daughter actually .
it has songs and dancing and tiny dolls with colorful hair .
kids shows are hard for me to watch with their pop songs . metal is more my style .
what else are you into ?
i love animals too but i am allergic to everything .
yet another thing i am allergic to !
i have not tried a pet fish . i should .
wow ! its getting late . i spent too long in my darkroom today .
totally . i am going to be famous some day .
likewise . do you like to travel ?
i am going to write a travelogue book showcasing my photos .
well , only mexico so far , but its a start !
oh , i thought maybe you were an actor or a director .
i am probably old enough to be your mother .
my brother played the trumpet . he was horrible .
hi . i need a running partner for morning jogs . are you interested ?
i have a hard time fitting in cars because i am so tall , but that is great .
oh , no , i follow hockey , but it sounds interesting . who won ?
that is too bad . i am glad you enjoy it though . still up for running later ?
i do not travel too often anymore since i stopped playing hockey , but i do dance .
sounds hard . i have got asthma so working in factories is a nono . what else do you do ?
books are nice . i have got a good one on dancing techniques that i love .
me too . it looks like we are set up and good to go . thanks for the chat !
hi how are you today
those sound good i paint for a living
no i have galleries that buy them . i love being an artist
teachers are great my four kids hate all the homework they get
that is great are you in texas
i bet i am glad you are ok did you loose anything
i am sorry you lost everything good thing you had insurance
that was a great idea . it was nice talking to you
hello how are you doing today
i am doing great , i was playing playstation with my little brother
what kind of music are you practicing ?
i was playing with little brother gods of war , we live with our mother
that is nice , yes i live my brother and mother , but boyfriend live in italy
yes , l ve been there alot ,
you would really like it
hello , my name is bradley . how are you ?
what are you up to this weekend ? i am going for a hike .
that is awesome do you have any hobbies ?
that is lovely . what do you do for work ?
i am a bank teller darn , that sounds more interesting .
well i have not even been outside the country !
hello ! how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
i work as a truck diver . as a hobby i like to travel .
i live in chicago . what position do you play on your basketball team ?
oh wow that is impressive . which team do you play for ?
oh that is okay . how long have you been playing basketball ?
i do not get much vacation time but my truck driving job lets me travel all over .
i am married . how about you ?
yes i have 5 children . two girls and three boys . what about yourself ?
hi there , how are you ? i am a cashier at target . what do you do ?
what do you listen ? i am taking a break every other month to watch movies .
do you have any pets ? i have a spoil dog . got to buy him dog biscuit everyday .
being 5 7 , you think i have a big dog . no , i have a boston terrier .
i love vintage furniture . they have characters .
yes , it is part of the design . hehe ! !
do you live in the city ?
hi how are you doing today
i am doing okay spending time with my husband
that sounds like a good time . what do you like to do in your down time
i like to paint and draw
its just a hobby i want as a director so i travel more than i am home
i like trains i use live by tracks so i saw them all the time
it sounds like it can be stressful at times
hey how is it going ?
that is awesome , i am doing really well
yeah you should , that can be tricky .
that is really cool , i myself like video games .
nice ! where do you work at ?
that is a good way to save money .
i do , i am just paying off the mortgage though .
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
oh i am jealous ! the beach is my favorite place to be ! ! !
i wish i was there . i am stuck at work making pizzas .
mine too ! it would taste better on the beach though
yes ! i am still in college and underage though ;
congrats ! i have two more years in business school
just at the pizza place . i throw the dough for tips ! !
lots ! ! i almost got fired when it fell on a lady head 0
hi there , how are you
i put god first in everything
and you will be alright if you do that
it helps me with my sales as a sales man
just be fun loving , carefree
movie time , do you like it ? 5 3 is my height
do you need some help with ?
with something or anything that you need
hi . how is it going ?
i am harry . i have two dogs , you ?
oh . too bad . where are you from ?
oh . i am in nevada . grew up here .
no . tell me something about yourself ?
oh . my parents abandoned me when i was two .
20 . i ended up aging out of foster care .
hey there hows it going tonight ?
awesome ! i am over here watching csi . like always lol
i like doing outdoor stuff ! mostly oceans and exotic type things ! swam with manta rays once !
heck yeah ! anywhere warm ! hate winter and cold weather !
not quite sure what that is . . .
oh ! ! hmmm . . . i have not thought much of that . lol i am guessing you do
lol only need 1 person ! jesus !
i think its more about self control lol . what do you do for a living
hello . how are you doing today ?
not that old . do you go to restaurants often ?
yeah in my twenties . i just had sushi for the first time the other day . love it !
i go to the beach . i do not live far .
i live on the coast . love trips to the water .
i live in the USA !
no i do not i have my dog !
my dog is a poodle shi tzu mix . so cute !
hi
good and yourself ?
what do you do for a living ?
i go to school
no but maybe someday
where are you from ?
i am in cali . . . u ?
hey man , how are you ?
is your name jill ? she plays games with me at the arcade .
are there many autistic kids where you are ichabod ?
i was just diagnosed . people have always said i was quiet and i think i am fine .
do you like linkin park ? i love them but i do not know why .
what do you do all day
me too . i have not done much since high school .
i am sorry to hear that
hello , do you like taco bell ?
i am married to the ceo of taco bell . we do have some vegetarian items .
they will if you ask for it .
your welcome . i always like to make our customers happy .
i like to read and listen to music .
sounds interesting . i will have to check it out .
good luck on your studies .
hi how are you doing today ?
i hate sugar , and sweets , how about you ?
i am following s diet , balanced
rollerblading is my past time , it is fun
oh , are you caucasian ? coz i am
where are you from ? specifically ? do you like it there
wow , that s so cool , and you love it here
how do you like it here the
hi hiw are you today
pretty good where do you work ?
i do not i am retired you youngun
its not i am old and bald
i do i get lots of time to watch
those are not good for my old heart
i run a lot to stay healthy
no i just want that good health
hi ! how are you ? i know mondays are so difficult ! i need another coffee already !
oh ! so i take it you do not drink wine either ?
i love veggies ! however , my sons , jacob and tyler do not like to eat their veggies
haha , no i am also short . are you married ?
yes you are ! i am also married . my husband , john is 20 years older .
i totally agree , we paint together . its very fun , and keeps us laughing !
yes ! i totally agree ! we love to drag the boys to museums for family bonding time
they are 5 and 8 , i take it you do not have kids yet ?
oh what a sweet age !
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am fine , miss my mom a little .
yes , she died of cancer last year .
thanks . are your parents alive ?
are married ? i am , happily , too .
do you have any hobbies ?
why not ? do you think they will laugh ?
i think there is nothing embarrassing about it . do you exercise ?
hey , how are you doing today ?
oh i have never been a big fan of moving .
i live near mcdonalds , i am a cashier there on the weekends .
in my spare time i look for ghost videos on youtube .
oh i love ghosts , but they do scare me a bit .
i am a huge halloween fan .
i am going as a character out of a story i wrote called emily .
i am too , i have the worst color of hair its too brown for my liking .
good evening , are you going to the fair tonight ?
oh , i do too . i love the sound of the ocean crashing along the surf as well .
i am a photographer , i work remotely and often from the beach .
i do too . i like being up at night and sleeping during the day .
i think we may be ! did you see the camera on the new iphone ? amazing !
did you ? i will have to check that out . i was too busy drooling over the camera .
hi how are you this evening ?
wow were do you work ? i am thinking of going to europe .
sounds fun . my favorite hobby is shopping on the weekends .
my boyfriend and i are taking dance lessons in anticipation for our trip .
that is cool . i just bought a dress today , a size 12 .
that sounds fun ! is there anything you have never done ? mine is a cruise .
that is a very healthy diet
good afternoon , how is it going ?
i do that outdoors , i love it . then , i drink whiskey after , lol
i am from ohio . near the lake , where are you at ?
ohio , we have a lot of wineries here .
i love new york , my contacts come from a great shop there .
i am a house wife , my husband is a detective .
i take care of our cars , my husband is not a car guy .
i do yoga , paint , go to the gym , volunteer with the police wives association
hello , how are you this morning ?
nice ! i volunteer with various human rights groups . those arches are on our list .
that is very noble of you . have you ever seen young frankenstein ?
it is my favorite . even though i am losing my sight , i can recall everything vividly .
i have not seen that one . i am making a few outfits from young frankenstein .
no , i like making my own wardrobe . gives me something to do .
i also like photography , my vision does not allow for editing .
hello . how are you today ?
my name is sandy fields and i live in tennessee
that is lovely , my husbands parent retired there
my kids and i love cats , but their hair gets everywhere
no , thankfully . having two kids and a cat makes it hard enough to clean the house !
wonderful , i love to travel . my husband and i traveled for mission work before had kids
hi , i am from a large family with 5 siblings , how about you ?
what state are you from or is ca your home state ?
so you are close to home ?
no , moved to the midwest and see lots of land not just buildings
its different , i am in n dakota and wait tables for a living .
yes , but still in college . have a great teacher who helps me draw what i see .
general business with hopes to become a manager of some sort .
i hope so . what are you studying ?
hi . how are you doing ?
great . what is your habit ?
i like to listen country music when i have free time
oh really ? what is those tattoos ? words or picture ?
i love travelling too especially go to a place with beach .
awesome . i love reading on the sand and enjoy the sun bath
it makes me so relax
yes . it is really nice to chat with you
hi , how are you doing today ?
it s going to sound boring but i love to knit and read . you ?
i m into classic literature . i m a tutor actually , things like pride and prejudice
no , i m in oregon . and i tutor high school kids wanting to get into ivy league schools
i do . i like football , baseball , boxing . what about you ?
i tried that one year . i wasn t very good at it .
lol , hold on , i went walking around barefoot as usual and stepped on something
yeah , just a friggin pine cone part or something . you have pines in georgia ?
hi how are you ?
i just got a new black car that i'm pretty excited about
i am in between jobs right now what about you ?
that is cool
lol what kind of food do you like ?
that sounds great i love brunch food
hi hows it going hope youre doing well
i work with animals . i am a vet
not very much but its great
gotta look after my 3 dogs and 2 cats
i would think so . happenstance i am vegan too
that is good . lets live long tgt
thank you mate . may the force be with you
hi how are you today ? sorry ! !
is that your favorite music ?
i love baseball its the best !
i love the watch . go nats !
i do not but i would love to learn . you ?
i work for the government but do not tell anyone
yeah but i always gotta watch my back
yeah it keeps me on edge that is why i watch baseball
hi ! i hope you are somewhere safe during the storms and wildfires !
my daughter is volunteering as well at a shelter for fire victims
me too ! what year are you in high school ?
oh , that is too bad . i am sorry .
well , that would explain the less than stellar grades . are you worried ?
so they will provide for you after you graduate ?
hi , how are you today ?
sounds good , i am having a late start . i am busy wedding planning .
i plan weddings as a job , my business could use some help yes .
who does not like snoop ! that is cool . my favorite is 80s music
yellow , everything yellow . i also love architecture .
no , but I would love one . what do you do for fun ?
all things weddings , planning , attending , researching . that is it really .
i just found that i had a knack for planning events .
hi how are you doing
i am good looking for a job
i dropped out of school
that sounds nice but what i really want is a boyfriend
i listen to what ever is on the radio
yeah i kind of like them
i feel like they are pretty popular
eating healthy is really important so i eat a lot of grass
i am so glad to hear that , people do not realize food is killing them
i do too , i sleep as much as an elderly person !
i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been in pain ?
me too . maybe that is why i cannot find anyone to marry me ?
you could hear it really loud in the grand canyon . maybe go there ?
it is so pretty in the fall and winter , my favorite time to go
i would like that very much . we could sleep in and then hear your voice
hello . how are you doing ?
i like sports and money
tennis mostly . what is mma ?
that sounds like a lot of work
i work at a desk . are you excited ?
what exactly is your prized possession
i have a few . i like to camp .
that sounds very sustainable . what else do you do ?
hi there , i am in la . this is a hot town , but beautiful scenery .
yes , it is good for that , and especially griffith park or just beverly hills below sunset .
my parents are in the industry and very famous , that is all i can tell you .
i think they do , but i do not , i am a classical musician .
piano , and i study now privately with a juilliard import .
i make a good amount , yes . nightclubs and concerts . how about you ?
that is rough . i hope you can find a way out of that . best wishes .
you may need to contact someone immediately until you can get therapy . hotlines are there .
tex mex is so delicious ! what is your favorite food ?
do you have a pet ? mine is a puppy the name is tiki .
i work in the kindergarten as a teacher
glad you have a pup too , my major in college is early childhood education and you ?
do you walk your puppy daily ?
you get tired easy ? that is what you mean ?
how is your puppy doing now ?
what do you mean by living life ?
hi , want to talk ? how tall are you ?
six foot even . i ask to establish dominance early on , shortie
doubt it , but more importantly i like classical music very classy
i honestly do not care , i only like going to the opera
i love vacationing in paris more than my children
that is too bad , do you at least have a good car ?
i drive a bentley , it is my favorite type of car , 6 foot minimum
oh yeah ? no implication there , you do you . i like turtles .
yeah i am researching a role , i am also an actor
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
i am ok . finding the little things in life to enjoy .
oh i do . since both my parents died i listen to a lot of music .
i listen to it when i walk cause i refuse to take the bus .
i have a leather battle vest with old school death metal patches on it .
when satan rules this world is my favorite song . once upon a cross . great album .
agreed . the god metal is still underground . will always be there .
haha . i have an 8-inch goatee and a giant mohawk .
hi how are you doing ?
that is nice . is that a local motorcycle club ?
do you have a motorcycle of your own ?
that is certainly very fast ! where do you usually drive ?
which part of the world are you from ?
i see . i live in colorado but i do not own a bike
i am hoping to learn to drive one soon
i think i sprained my ankle hiking with my brother
i am , to get back on my feet soon for another hike before the season is over
i suppose so . i have worked on some rock concerts before .
what else do you like ?
you would probably think its cool that i was born . . . under a blood moon then
weird is good . i do some weird stuff , too
heck , even my work is weird .
what do you do for work ?
oh , i just work odd jobs here and there
hey there , how goes it ?
i hear ya . long day at the office building drones for me , haha .
cool . i am a huge anime fan , so i really enjoy attending different comic cons .
secret is out now ! my secret is i listen exclusively to techno . soooo nerdy _
cool that is really different ! do not know that i have heard industrial before .
oh ok . i may have to check it out then ! any artist in particular ?
i will have to check it out . can i find them on youtube ?
that is true haha . awesome .
hello , i am charles and like surfing a lot .
i just dropped it off from my wish list after getting trouble out it .
no . it sounds really strange .
no , t looks like you are just straight and free to talk anything out of you .
that is great but i do not take beers as directed by my doctor .
not good at all because i liked taking beers and am from florida
its fun but to only the one who is practicing it .
its some other way of coming out of bad work clean and smart
hi how are you today ?
do you know anyone hiring ?
no but i am fluent in 3 languages
except i am color blind meh
but i am a mommy to 2 kids help me ! ! ! ! !
true . do you have kids ?
that sounds nice you should
hi how are you today
where do you work at ?
wow that sounds great really
wow they must love you
what kind do you read
why can you not drive
you need to practice then
why just your nose then
hey there . whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
i was born male but a female since 17 . had surgery and all . still love blue !
pizza ! i eat it all the time here in the states . wish i had money though .
that would be amazing ! i need a better job .
nice ! are they in the us ? i am
rock gophers ? how cool ! i would dye em blue
another way to make money ! as a transgender person i would be a great barber
i hope you have a great life . good luck in the lotto
hi how are you today ?
just ate some leftover chinese . not the healthiest breakfast .
i am glad we are talking in text i am deaf
what do you do for fun ?
what is your favorite number ?
mine is 7 . spicy owche wawa
i try to work but i cannot drive
i scratch my nose for fun
would you like some of my jello ?
where at ? i have dogs that need their shots .
i have four bull dogs and can bring them by the office .
do you like games like magic the gathering ?
we can take the dogs and you can teach me to whistle .
great , the beach it is . i will bring the jello
is jello considered vegan ?
i can put strawberries , since you like them .
hi , how are you ? i teach kindergarten at a school .
i am not a vegan . i enjoy spicy tex mex food though
no . what kind of music do you like ? my favorite band is the pretenders
i like baseball . i just got a puppy . do you have pets ?
teaching was one of my life goals . i went to college for early childhood education .
i would like to be one too . what do you do for a living ?
lately i have been spending time with tiki , my puppy . what about you ?
hi how are you ? i was just reading .
pretty much anything when i am bored . how about you ?
no , work nights , sleep days so pets are out . what pets do you have ?
very kind of you ! i just read and write and work .
i write poems for a hobby . helps with the transition from the marines .
not that i know of , ha ! is he in college ? do you work ?
moms make the world work ! no , did marines and now a bartender .
hi how are you doing ?
pretty good . just trying to get some work done . i have an open house tomorrow .
no i am a real estate agent and a waitress . what do you do ?
that sounds like fun . my friends and i love to go to the movies .
wow that is awesome ! i am still trying to find love .
it is hard with so much work and being the youngest of 8 by family is intense .
yup ! most of the time i love it !
hello . how are you today ?
i am well . about to feed my dog . you ?
ah cool . i am a teacher actually . really .
oh yeah . so your a little kid ? huh . you trying to pull one over on me ?
oh i am sorry . i have a little puppy . so cute
he is a stinky mutt . named tiki . you have pets ?
i am sorry maybe you are just to immature and they are too busy .
yeah maybe you could . you have any friends ? like to play ?
hi how are you today ?
eating some lunch thanking about going to the park
i have seen pictures they do look beautiful
i wish i could travel like that but i cannot get off work
i manage the smithsonian in d . c .
yes it is fun at times but stressful others but i love it .
i would but i cannot walk so not sure how fun it will be with my chair
hey there , hows it going ?
that is cute , family bonding , you do that often then ?
awe lucky , my dad was 6ft and my mom 5ft i ended up short like mom
lol i would have neck problems in your family .
awe that sounds fun i was practicing my music , cannot wait to get in the big time
well , my music has great rhythm so your invited !
yeah , bring as many people as possible , we will throw a concert !
hey whats up . i am a guy but i wonder what itd be like to be a girl
tomato , tomato am i right ? is it okay to like all people ?
i am not sure if my parents would like that of me .
feelings are dumb and i do not understand them . rolls a 20 less . . . .
too cold , i like to eat moose though
i have been known to throw some 7s at the table
hey ! what do you do ?
i make money by taking photos of married couples .
in my spare time , i play with my pet dogs .
they are all mixed breeds . i have four of them .
no . do you ?
oh that is very nice . what else do you like to do ?
i see . in my spare time , i like to get tattoos on my arm . you ?
hello , would you like to hear me play the piano ?
dum dum dum . . . . uh i think its out of tune . besides , my dog alfred is barking now
does that friend love to read about chinese history ? if so , hi best friend !
pc ? i used to have an awesome tower with green lighting , which is my favorite color .
i am mostly into pc . i still play consoles for madden and rpgs though .
i recently played the tell tail walking dead series , it was amazing ! !
of course ! i love clem . she is so tough . i am ready to play season 3 !
hi ! how are you ?
great ! just had a huge steak ! whats your favorite food ?
for me , anything meat is heaven ! what kind of music do you like ?
you like cars ? i have a black bmw . you ?
what roles do you like playing ?
oh , really ! what do you do ?
you must have a nice voice then ? i work too much , in finance .
its probably better than when i try to sing along with the rap i listen to
hi . how are you doing ?
i actually work in marketing . i really love it !
yeah , i just told you what i do . . .
no , not really . i eat raw veggies only and work out vigorously to look good .
i just turned 23 last weekend .
i try to read a book a week and subscribe to around twenty magazines .
no . i volunteer at the local food pantry once a week and do missionary work on weekends .
spending time on my hair and makeup takes up a good portion of my mornings p
hello how are you this evening ?
i like tom and jerry . do you work ?
i am trying to break out into professional photography
mostly landscapes . i live in a very beautiful place . where do you live ?
sure . i do not own a television but i love comedy . ever seen curb your enthusiasm ?
cool that is one of my favorite shows . haha
i like the old southpark . i am not very political . i am an anarchist
i do not i am like batman
hi , i am kate , i am located in north dakota and a waitress
pretty good , i love to ride my bike to places . it s a small town .
one day , right now taking care of my 5 siblings .
very , when you are the eldest and act like a second parent .
oh yeah well , . . . it is what my parents expect of me to do .
i want my own life and live it . . . not sure how to escape .
i agree with you , i need to live and pursue my dreams .
to work in the city then move to new york , pursue as a journalist
hi , what are you up to today ?
that is scary . my mom is greek and i have many uncles .
do you do a lot of cooking at home ? i do and it relaxes me .
i hate cleaning . what do you do for fun ?
that is too bad . i love swimming outside , especially when it is hot .
i read a book about colors and art recently . what is your favorite color ?
i love green ! purple and green go very well together .
where did you grow up ?
hey there ! i am 39 years old . how old are you ?
i do . and because of that . . . i have to take 4 pills every day to live .
do y'all serve cheese ? it is my favorite food !
i do not own a car . i cannot stand to drive .
i bet it does ! do you like music ? i love the backstreet boys .
what kind of classes are you taking ?
maybe you could get a tutor to help ?
they should definitely be able to help you . i am sure you will do fine .
hello how are you doing ?
i am good . just got done practicing the trumpet .
i am in the band in my high school . i love music .
its cool to meet other people who like music . i like making new friends .
everything . i am really into the head and the heart and group love right now . you ?
that is a good one . seen any good movies lately ?
my movie collection is over 600 between my dad and i . what do you like ?
good afternoon , how are you today ?
ok i guess , i was gonna shoot some arrows but this hurricane is keeping me inside .
i wanted to ride my motorcycle .
luckily I got my gutters cleaned last week !
i hear ya ! luckily we got everything done .
well , right now just watching reports and charging up anything electronic ,
oh man , i miss my guitar .
in college, i studied to be a nurse
i make a lot of money as a nurse, so i shop a lot now
awesome, does she like driving in the country to pass the time ?
that sounds interesting, what are your hobbies
your mother! i find it relaxing to drive with the windows down
well, that is not true, people in the Arctic probably do not
what do you do to relax ?
it never really gets cold here in Florida
hello how are you today
yes i am so glad . i have a prius
yes you may have . i also enjoy hiking
ll i pee on roses all the time
i am a canadian woman who loves volcanoes
blue things are cool but pink is cooler
neither i love to eat ginger snaps
maybe or maybe right in my hometown
i am a mom in her forties and have two sons in high school
i go to this friends group which i hate
i go to this friends group which i hate
i feel like i run from one activity to the next .
because it gets me out of the house . but gets my husband off my back .
those cross country and other sports activities
as well as basketball practice . . . when will it stop ? !
i know i sound over dramatic but it s my kids . . . i cannot take it .
hello , i am jonson . how are you this evening ?
doing well . i hate i came home late from work . i missed my favorite tv show .
i am a huge battlestar galactica fan .
funny , i sell seat covers door to door .
if I could have a pet, I would want a lion. A majestic lion to be precise.
my uncle had one a while back . raised him up from a cub .
parts of oregon are suitable . i live on a farm here and bears are plentiful .
do you like beets ? maybe i cold mail you some
hello . . . i am new to the area .
no . i have been busy finishing my bachelors degree .
very interesting . i majored in education . i just got a new job .
it is in education . i just moved to an apartment near my job .
i would like a house one day , as i would love to have lots of children .
that would be good . i am still young 22 .
that would be the best of both worlds .
if only they could all spell well .
hello and how are you doing this evening ?
been busy today . my son and i went to the park and had fun
yes , i do . being 25 i am busy in general . the military keeps my real busy
since i used to be a wrestler when i was in hs maybe i should come over
not so sure i could do that
do you have a favorite color ? mine is blue
pizza , pizza , and more pizza solves everything
i have a coloring book for all the animals
i see a clown behind you , please watch out
i remember when i met you on the island you was building that little hut
no one cares what you like , its all about what you can do for them you know ?
why do you get agitated
10 commands is holy grail , if you do not agree , religious war it will be !
sorry to hear that , perhaps you should drink more water
hi , how goes it ?
good , watching a vancouver grizzlies game . love basketball . you ?
oh cool , i do not read much , i run a lot . for fun and marathons .
i try . lol . i run outside , but its getting cold here in ontario .
i work in an office . boring stuff . you ?
sounds fun . you do lots of birthdays ?
it would be a cool job .
quality assurance for a call center
hi how are you doing
that is important to take care of your skin what product do you like
that is true i love finding a good new product
are you an actress or a singer
that is funny how are you going to achieve that
sure i can try do you know anyone famous
that is pretty cute i met doug the pug
it was a pretty awesome experience
how are you doing tonight
i am ok just laying in bed watching tv
i love to swim and play sports
no just chill and play with my children
which concert are you going to
that is cool i do not know who that is
lol i did not even think about that lol
that is cool i love music but i never played any
i love to eat pasta ! if i won the lottery i would eat it all the time .
i love nuts ! i drive fast when i know there is a deal at the store !
neat , i love hearing rock music !
that is old ! what is it about ?
so you are smart ? my car drives 150 mph .
i hope i win the lottery this week .
thanks , i am sleepy . are you ?
oh lucky ! what else do you like ?
hey , do you have any hobbies ?
cool , what kind of animals do you train ?
nope . if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music professionally.
that is very noble of you
ll its not that good .
it was nice talking to you too .
hello , how are you tonight ?
do you sing when you act ? singing is my favorite thing to do !
that sounds like a really specific job , acting with animals
beaches are perfect places to run
i agree , it can be a pain , gets stuck in everything
milk makes strong bones though , how do you supplement your diet ?
no you cannot . you need protein to survive , and most plants do not have all your nutrients
legumes have protein , but not enough . humans need a well rounded diet .
hi how are you today
what do you do for work ?
wow i bet that is el fun
it means the fun in spanish duh
i do accounting its like counting for lazy people, but if I could choose, I would love to bake like you.
i do not really stay in one place
hi , how are you today ?
how far away is it ?
what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
oh , that is good . are you in a relationship ?
happy anniversary . i am single and not interested in a relationship .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to read suspense novels .
i do not have a favorite .
hi ! how are you today ?
i am just playing with my five cats . what kind of music ?
that is cool . i have a musical family , although i am not very talented .
not too much . i am actually part of a royal family . what do you do ?
that sounds really interesting . what do you study ?
that is a great profession . my future has been determined for me .
i will be the queen of england . my house will not be very tiny .
maybe . for now i will just enjoy my cats .
hi ! i think you went to high school with me .
i am hoping to be a teacher after i retire . i love music !
whoa ! i am in finance now . i got out of high school in 86 .
i read music haha . playing piano is my passion . i read mostly internet news
ha ! i collect fountain pens and moleskins . we are connecting ha
good lord no ! i own a ten year older . that is it ! you are funny
boy but i wanted a girl . oops . i can try again one day .
hi
are you japanese ? how was it ?
what do you do ?
i work at walmart
no i play video games all day
oh yeah what games ?
how are you doing today
cool . you you like meat ?
me too . most people do though
i like Bon Iver . what bands do you like ?
that sounds fun . do you go to a lot of concerts ?
yeah , they are very expensive
what kind of tattoo do you have
what does it stand for
hello how are you today ?
oh no ! that is not good . hopefully things get better . i am good
i know the feeling i got fired in june . i am looking for a job as well
customer service job . but i applied for a couple of companies so i am waiting
thanks . and i am a lady . been working from home for 7 years
yes i do freelance every now and then such as data entry , etc
howdy how are you doing i am fine myself nice night .
i am glad i do not owe anything to i rs
that is cool i like sports bet you play good .
that is cool i am born and raised in a small town .
that is my favorite to i love going out to shop .
i shop in new jersey malls nice clothes .
i want to someday become a nurse great cash .
up state new york is very huge and nice .
hey there , how are you ?
that is interesting ! i eat too many french fries , so i smell like them .
i am an engineer , but i am bad at math .
i just bought a new sweater , so i have to be careful with my fries .
i am not a good engineer . i am warm with fries , though .
what is your dog's name ?
no , only french fries at home
i love dogs and cats , I have 3 cats , a snake , 3 aquariums , and a husband ,
hey names jace and my car is a lease
yeah i know it is not easy , i want to own it if possible
go of it . the car i drive is black .
yes i do . depending on them
i enjoy having brunch with friends and i have no pets
that sounds like a fabulous thing to do .
i can sense that it seems like it do you blog about it ?
hi i am nick ride scooter is my game
ha ha , music is not my thing , you have rough music in your area ?
my hair is red if i go there it will be gang color !
do you have friends there , i have lots here . you going back to school ?
you are a good person ! she will be very happy with you .
did you listen to some crappy music ? maybe that is why ? sorry
how are you doing today ?
my name is penny . i am at work
my parents are teachers they come home tired
yes i love animals they are the best
i want to save up money for a house
i have bad credit it will be hard
yea maybe . do you like nascar ?
i like watching it on sunday
hi ! i am only 15 , but do you wanna get to know each other ?
great , always sunny in florida , where i live . you ?
i have to eat soft food because of my braces , like mashed potatoes
yeah , i am bullied a lot . the only friends i have are my dogs
good advice , and yeah dogs are great , my family has three .
two german shepards belong to daddy . the pit bull named maddie is mine
i love computer programming , so business in that . you ?
how long have you been a pianist ?
hi there , have you ever been to mexico ? i am from there
i am great , especially since i will be baking a huge batch of cookies
do you have any pets ? i walk both my cats every day and love it
really ? i like boxing , very popular where i am from in mexico
what kind of business do you own ?
canelo alvarez is my favourite . what about you ?
i am not a gambler but sometimes I sell my baked goods . i love it
hi how are you today
i did not it was so yucky out
do you ever feel you do not reach peoples standards ?
yeah they are pretty good i have seen them live
i think they are alright . what food do you like ?
very true where do you work
do you wonder what it would be like to be a different gender ?
hi there . how is it going ?
i am doing great . hanging out with my dog .
i have a white lab . do you have one ?
oh that is a bummer ! do you have any siblings ?
oh . i am sorry to hear that . i have a sister .
i am from san francisco , born and raised . you ?
i am planning to go to paris in a few month .
i work for a pharmaceutical company . you ?
hi there . how are you ?
i am good . just put my twin boys to bed .
they are only 9 months .
what do you do for a living ? digital artist here .
oh that is cool . i thought about becoming a teacher .
where were you born ? i was born and raised in france .
it is ! i live in canada now .
yeah , but you get used to it .
hey . i am josh . whats your name ?
its close to midnight here on the east coast , where are you ?
got cha ! you a night person , like me or a morning person ?
hobbies ? i love learning everything about anything .
cool . i have two older brothers and an older sister . she likes makeup too .
your brother or the dog ?
hey there , do you like any bands . my favorite is queens of the stone age .
once i was in the olympics and came home with a medal .
my favorite hobby is skydiving . i jump once a week .
what is that if you do not mind me asking ?
nice , that seems like an adventure . i tend to eat a lot of junk food from mcdonald .
i may need to look into something like that . the real world is crazy .
i have a very high metabolism . it weighs you down though .
that would be great . it really sounds like fun . I wish I could travel back in time to see my dad again.
hello . how are you doing today ?
nice . which one ? i am watching a movie with my best and only friend . . . my dog ziggy .
i have seen the movies . do you read newspapers ? i work at one .
gotcha . what are your favorite foods ?
yum . i only eat meat but Mexican and Chinese have some tasty meat dishes . the beach ?
i have been to a real beach once when i was like five years old .
hard to remember . apparently , i ended up almost drowning and swallowed a bunch of water .
i have a bachelors degree in journalism and psychology .
hi , you want to get to know each other ?
just completed another movie . i been acting since age ten .
i am close to the kitchen so i eat a lot .
no but you would be a good voiceover artist . ever tried it ?
sorry abut that . i did commercials when i was younger .
oh okay . how many fingers am i holding up ?
i appear on a weekly internet show ? you ?
exactly like youtube or something .
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . i finished some job applications today .
i am trying to get into the publishing industry .
no . my mom was a librarian . i must have inherited her passion !
good choice ! and no , i do not play an instrument .
i love to read . i like to collect autographed books .
not as many as i would like ! i would love one from stephen king .
what is your favorite color ? mine is green .
good afternoon , how are you today ?
good . just chopping some veggies for dinner . vegan here .
i did not know there was vegan cheese . i just avoid it .
salads , egg plant , legumes , nuts , etc .
wow ! that sounds good ! i will have to try that .
i use to . i moved for my job . i do public relations .
i am in florida . my parents were buddhists . the raised me the same .
hello , how are you i am about to go on a run
awesome . i like a good run
i am a mom that stays at home so i watch tv too
that is a lot . i like to be organized and that must be hard with eight
what is a favorite ? i like face off on syfy
well, I like cooking , what do you like ?
nice . i hear oatmeal is good for baking , which I do not like
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great , just polishing my 30 leather pairs of shoes
i need my car to be as fast as my motorcycle
true , i could not fit my cats and dogs in my motorcycle either
good point , i would need 2 of them however !
yes , i clean leather for a living . you ?
hello , how are you ? i am just kinda bored now that i have retired .
i used to be a school teacher, i made cheesecake all the time .
my husband, who retires next year, works as a CEO for Google .
so much money makes you miss things in life, like taking walks. i love walks .
do all travel ? when he retires we want to travel .
we have one . how well does bought love really work out
i hope that you do and it brings you happiness , cause you're a miserable person .
hi friend . where are you living ?
that sounds nice . where do you work ?
what is your favorite book ? i am a banker .
ken follett , not a bad book . i could eat a steak and read that one again .
hmm . ok , i like music , hip hop and such . are you from the uk ?
nice . do you drive a car ? i do , i love it .
my black cadillac is my love . how old are you
that is young for college . what do you study
how are you dong tonight ?
well , i just gone with piano
sorry for the miss type , i meant got done with the piano !
it is , and i am trying to teach my son !
yeah , and i want to become a music teacher !
i think my favorite is roseanne !
do you like the show ?
i think my favorite is hamburger !
hi how are you doing
i am good getting ready to volunteer
wow you made that much money off of your horses
that is a cool horse name
oh i see haha do you like sports
cool i like to watch football
i like the packers but their players keep getting injured
how are you doing today ?
i am great just trying to get these orders out
coffee orders . people are very angry right now
yes especially in this industry
how far do you have to go
that is a long way
what is your favorite thing about it
hello . how are you doing today ?
oh my , are you in school or do you work ?
oh i see . i am still searching for a job in the baltimore area
that is a shame , i love the beach too but i am scared of hurricanes
bummer . do you ever find a chance to relax after work ?
wow that is quite a busy life you have
i am a full-time student trying to keep my straight as
hello , how are you ? its a nice night is not it .
know right ! its a big weekend for comic book fans . i collect them .
yes , i am in college also ! i living in a rent apartment with two pet snakes .
cats are cute . i wish i could have one but i am allergic to both dander and dust .
oh yes , pizza is yummy ! i enjoy it but its hard to find organic only pizza .
oh yes ! my hobby is collecting autographs . i have well over 2000 signatures .
yes it is , it took a lot of work . so what else do you like ?
hello , my name is paul . how are you doing today ?
still at work , just taking a break from making the rounds .
i am a mall cop , i drive a segway around . what are your hobbies ?
what kind of car was it ?
i am looking to purchase a corvette when i retire
i bet it would beat your honda civic in a race !
i am sad now that i realized i am divorced
hello how are you doing ?
i am great , i am a developer and very wealthy
i would but my pit bulls require a lot of attention
really why not alaska ? i helped start facebook by the way
cool where do you work ?
still at facebook making computers work
yes i was the popular actress
you should be but i have never been to new york
hello how are you tonight
wow i have a lot of shirts in my closet
i have several because i build drones and need a lot
yes i enjoy both on occasion
that sounds like a great idea thanks
that would be cool i like techno can we listen to that
i like biking a lot it is fun
hello do you like alpacas ? i have 10
there is a lot to learn . do you work ?
i care for my alpacas at my home and work on the city council
i am achieving my goal of only eating local farm to table food . you ?
good luck . with the internet and smartphones there must not be much of a market for them
no i stay away from hollywood and new york . prefer open spacious areas
oh wow . where do you live ?
hi , how are you doing today ? i am home today with the kids .
i have thee rug rats . wassup with your sister ?
lol . how old are you ? how old is your sister ? cancer will take my wife soon . . .
no worries . we have come to terms with it . with work and kids , though its tough .
we are getting by . i sing sometimes to cope . mostly in the shower , lol .
well , my kids cry when i sing . is that good or bad ? lol . . .
hobbies ? working , my kids , looking after wife , and karate when i have time .
black belt . do you participate in sports ?
hey how is it going , i like to cut loose
dance drink and smoke marijuana , i am in colorado
yes it is , i have to relax because i work 60 hrs a week
drink and smoke the green haha
other than working drinking and smoking , also despising my boss
he is very very rude and mean , i am looking for another job
i love what i do just want a different boss
you should have a drink with me sometime . a double scotch
well i have plenty of drinks to offer in my lonely abode .
no pets , closest thing i have is shopping on amazon 24 7
my friend is scotch , he helps me write amazing children books
that sounds nice . what animals do you have ?
whoa , here the internet cowboy
are not they , almost as good as kids
too hard , seriously . i miss my doggies
hi there how are you ? i like , love meeting new people !
i am doing great , just been hanging at the beach all day . how was your day ?
oh , sorry to hear that . do not worry i am sure things will turn around soon .
lucky to get to enjoy this time with him though .
yeah , cup half full i always say .
optimism can really help , much like the outdoors .
hello , my name is katie and i wish to work with smithsonian .
i love watching tv shows . my most favorite is csi
i like swimming . i have swam along with manta rays
she is a famous swimmer
do you like winter ? i hate them , because its too cold
what are you doing ? employed ?
i work here only . looking for job .
do you make much with this work ?
hey there good afternoon how are you ?
aw you so young that is cool , ever thought you been here before ?
i have a mild case of ocd since college
yes that is it , i hate socializing i get nervous so bad
that is good so young i am an accountant i have to stop that
yes i am a freelance so i do
that is nice my dad does also
sit an do chats an work on things online
i am having a rough day . bad reaction to peanuts . you ?
make sure to put a line out to dry your clothes . its the only way to go
not at all . i just did an article about halloween tanks on my blog
no sorry . i can recommend some good ones for aspiring ferret owners though
was it loose or something ?
that sounds like the most magical moment of your life
i love baseball . ok bye
hiya ! how are you ?
awesome ! i am more of an outdoorsy person . . . love hiking !
haha tv is my guilty pleasure , i like to curl up with some tea tv
i like curries , omelettes for breakfast . . .
so weird ! i guess that is healthier though !
yep ! ironically at a coffee shop though i only drink tea !
oh wow ! who your favorite artist ?
hey , i am kate . who is there ?
i work at a library myself . i like to read !
that is cool . where is it at ?
wow cool . is tn hot ? i am not a fan of hot weather .
kayaking sounds fun . especially if you travel . i wish i did .
well , thanks . do you have family ?
i like spending time with them . do you ?
that is pretty cool . what degree do you have ?
hello . tell me about you . leather is my fave and i wear a lot .
lovely ! i always wear my boots and i like metal music .
nice ! something in we have in common . i like to sleep very late also .
oh my ! i love cats but 10 is a lot !
i have 3 cats and one dog !
no , they all hate each other . what do you like to eat ?
i love asparagus ! blue cheese . . . not so much .
i have not ever tried it thankfully .
hi i am alyssa and i am lesbian
oh wow that is great . do you got a pet ? my love is for cats .
oh been there i play video games alot .
i am slightly overweight but doctor said i am healthy .
i can touch my toes standing . can you ?
wow that must be some fast food ?
no big mac extra sauce ? is it cat friendly ?
do you play video games ?
hi ! how are you today ?
i get that . i have 8 brothers.
i am the baby of the family . plus i am the shortest.
i am 5 feet tall , how about you ?
darn , how old are your parents ?
i win that . my parents are both in their 80s.
i am 40 years old.
i am the youngest , my oldest is 60.
heading to the creek , whatcha up to?
do you want to quit and go to the creek with me? Got beers!
oh, well then you won't want to fish with me either.
yep, water is nice. so, vegan eh? that must be real fun.
then, maybe you want to try fishing!
haha, that is the surfer jokes in you, eh?
you actually sound like a kook. get real.
hi i am from argentina . where are you from ?
you will love argentina , especially the food and the women
lots of spices and herbs that are not available in the us .
i like to eat a lot of beef like americans but not all of the other stuff .
beef empanada . i cant get enough . they addictive like my girlfriends .
i train horses . i like to ride them a lot in my free time too .
one day you will be rich enough to come to argentina and have empanadas
hi i am tom i am asian i like pizza and italian dishes how are you ?
hi brandon how is your day going ?
oh did you catch any ?
oh cool i have been fishing a few times
are you watching sunday night football tonight ?
oh that tastes pretty good
i have been buying that lately myself
yea i have been snickers ice cream bars are great
hi . i just got back from the olympic trials . i am in ! ! ! weighlifting is my dream .
thanks . what are your hobbies ?
sounds like fun ! have you ever been to russia . i am from there .
do you know last time i bench pressed 345 pounds ?
sometimes i listen to rock when i train . then i squatted 400 pounds .
nope . no pets . do you have pets ?
yeah . i cant have any . too many hours training , they would be lonely .
i worry they will get under my feet and i would drop something on them .
hi , want to get to know each other ?
doing great , school tomorrow though . that blows
i am sure that is not true
well you could try a more active life style . i like going for walks
they could walk too ! my friends and i walk all the time
blond is cool . pretty too
you are welcome . i fell in love last summer . i know how important compliments are
it takes a little of the pain out of school
good afternoon , what do you like in your spare time ? i am a librarian , so i read lots .
yes , yes ! the relaxed life for us . . . although i do love some horror in my books .
haha , lovely ! are they kids ? or dogs ?
we would get along . . . i eat like a kid , hotdogs , pepsi , and junk . got a favorite food ?
congratulations on the promotion ! more time for golf , or less ?
i am grateful for my books ; any amount of time is enough to enjoy a page .
i delight in the vampire and horror genre even being a mild-mannered librarian !
hi there , how you doing today ?
i am not really a football person , guessing you are ?
haha me and my friends usually just hit a club to drink
i am off to the gym soon , bit of a exercise nut me , you work out ?
fair enough , i got into it a few months ago and now i am obsessed
oh definitely , apart from football what do you enjoy ?
me too , have you ever been to italy ?
haha fair enough that is one way to learn about a place
i enjoy being alone but sometime i get lonely
i married my high school sweetheart but it only lasted for 10 years
my mother passed away twenty years ago
that is ok it was very hard to take
why were you agitated before ?
were they canned, garden frozen beans ?
hi how are you tonight
i have a nice yard
well i work with art so i do a lot
i have a couple kids and a husband so i am busy
really who is he anyone i would know
wow yeah i love his work so your whole family writes
i am in ohio right now but i go all over the world
i just do it because i get bored
hello , how is it going ?
just took a long refreshing walk
cool i love iced coffee
i am carefree and happy all the time
ok . i like listening to music on the lake
you can never go wrong with the bible
cool do you knit by any chance ?
it is very simple and easy
hello do u have a job i am a professional horse racing handicapper
that is cool i have made 90 , 000 dollars so far this year on horse bets alone
do u have a boyfriend or girlfriend
i have not been on a date since high school no time for a relationship
i hope to own a horse racing stable with 10 horses then i will settle down
good profession to be in if u like to help people
have u ever acted before
no never acted i like the theater though
hi there . whats going on ?
i am great i am here with me and my cats .
yes what are your hobbies , i am into crocheting .
oh that is great i make a bomb chocolate chip cookie from scratch !
that is good . my husband and i need a cake for our anniversary
that is good kinda like what crocheting does for me .
i understand whats your favorite dessert to make ?
okay i like the ny cheese cake
hi ! how are you doing today ?
wow is that a hobby of yours ? i mostly sit on the couch all day.
my job is actually making cars , but when i get home i just sit.
what position do you play ? i watch baseball on tv.
i guess he makes more than the $30,000 a month I make.
yes while eating macaroni and cheese.
hello , my head is killing me , but i would love to chat . .
no , lol , i was at a concert last night and partied a little too hard .
it was a rock concert . i love to party , sex drugs and rock and roll .
oh if i could afford a good steak . spend all my money on fun
cool , i like small spaces . i do not do well in open places
georgia , where the irma is headed . you ?
oh so would i , but my job with the dentist keeps me grounded
helo , how ar you ? i am mandi
what do u do four fun ? i am a compete dancer . i won alut
cool ! i volontur at animal rescue ! but sure with they stop with the country . . . barf
no , the risques are my baybeees . do you ? what do you look ly
i look ly valor swift her voice . . cringe butt my hair is way longer .
dance ! ! i win alot of mone and trifies . . what do u do four fun ?
miami i love it , they no play country music what about you ?
never done it ! my blonde hair would get knot and dirt
i love me some apples
really ? humm i enjoy swimming
cool , i like to run marathons an swim
cool i enjoy night swims
i love winter way more than fall
i like morning time , nothing like fresh air
i am a professional runner
hello how are you doing ?
i am looking online for parts for this classic car i am repairing .
i was on jeopardy show 7 years ago .
good but 5 years later i moved in a storage locker for 2 months .
sorry to hear that i use to be an alcoholic .
i am so grateful that i am sober .
we have that in common .
no i am going to 3 meetings .
how are you ? have you read my article in the new yorker ?
i cannot live in the country because of my fear of open spaces
yes that is the advantage . i prefer cities with urban conveniences like gourmet cooking supplies
i can go to concerts . my perfect pitch drives me nuts though . i can hear off keys
no . i often reminisce about my own childhood adventures as a national spelling be champ though .
i do not do anything that involves open spaces . even driving . i am very afraid
well that is the only one . maybe it helped me focus on my writing and cooking skills .
thanks . what about you ? what is your profession ?
hello . how are you this morning ?
well that is nice . i am a small business owner .
nice . i graduated college and did not have any jobs offers is why i started my business .
never seen an episode . hear its pretty good though .
so what type of job do you do ?
oh thought you worked from home . i am sorry misunderstood .
well that is nice . i have never displayed . sounds fun .
hi , how are you today ?
awesome ! i am not much of a people person
i am a sucker for sweets so i bake pies and cakes .
that is my mom's favorite color , i live to satisfy her .
ll , cool show . i like the walking dead
its a great show . what do you do for a living ?
i am between jobs , i do construction , painting and etc .
hi how was your day today ?
i have never heard of that game before . i am glad your having a good day
that is very cool you must be good with computers
that is great do you have any pets
i have 4 pets too all german shepard
they are very cute dogs ! do you like cars
how are you doing today
kayaking is more of my thing
when did you start surfing
did you work at the vets
how many do you have
i do not have time for it
i wish that i had more time for them
after my plane flying days
hello ! crazy mom here ! ! how are you ?
i would notes anxious if i had done the same ! !
oh ! i am pregnant and can barely leave the house for checkups i am so anxious .
7 months with my boy . my girl is already 2 . terrible twos ! ! ! crazy !
no just too frightened to go out . my anxiety paralyzes me . art soothes .
my honey he is an engineer thinks i am making it up . . .
ooooh that sounds risky scary . maybe open an art gallery ? ?
but how will you tell the difference between lettuce and purple cole slaw ? ? ?
hi there do you like chickens ?
i am from kansas , where are you from ?
i do not name them , i just drive them around in my truck .
i drive them to and from the farm .
yes , just me and the chickens , i need a girlfriend . . .
ha that is too funny
my chickens just peck at me , they are not nice pets .
your face taste like corn . . . haha
i love growing more than anything , it is peaceful .
i am anti social so this chatting thing has been fun .
do you really have a dog ?
no way do you really have a chicken . . .
is she like a rubber ducky or loud and annoying ?
i have a dog , he is super needy
he grows on you after a while .
i am nolan how are you
my wife is picking up . our 3 girls from school
a little different then how i grew up on the farm in kansas
my wife and i love to scuba
the girls and i go horse back on weekends it helps train the dogs
yeah but it was not always like this
i only have 1 brother and a large farm growing up so i understand seclusion
hi how are you doing ?
any cool plans for the upcoming weekend ?
that sounds relaxing . i am going to catch up on superhero shows
i work for a tech company
cupertino , ca . probably why i am so loyal to the iphone haha
that is awesome ! the startup i work for is actually located in san jose
hello , i am a strawberry blonde , how about you ?
nice ! ! i need to gain some weight since i am too thin .
omg , that would have me bouncing off the walls .
cool , i love baseball , tigers are my favorite team
watching movies is ok , me , myself , i like going hunting with my brother .
killing animals is not for everyone .
yes , once you get past bambi it is all good .
i am listening to rock music and jamming . what are you up to tonight ?
see i really enjoy food , so the gym is a must
i like the fast life i have a fast car and drive in the fast lane
i work for a huge company . what do you do ?
o that is whats up . do you get to go to alot of games ?
i love baseball , there is nothing like a hot dog and a stale beer
i have to listen to my favorite rock song before any important meeting
i like red . my corvette is red
hi , how are you today ?
good morning , then ! hot enough for you ? ca not wait for winter .
same here , its a little hard with my wheelchair .
interesting ! with cooler weather coming you gotta watch out for colds . do not wanna miss class !
i always stock up on vitamin c , just in case . programming sounds like fun !
friends are the best ! my vestie actually bought me a car last year . totally surprised me !
love is love ! good luck with your business venture !
just keep to it one thing my disability has taught me is to never stop trying !
hi there . how are you ?
not too bad . it is cold and rainy here .
i work as a tarot card reader , but hunting is my hobby
i grew up in the south so i like to do outdoor stuff
i am a female . and i love the color blue .
me too . because i alway eat too much mexican food . i cannot stand seafood though .
i hear ya . i learned piano from my mom . you play anything ?
i decided to start jogging in place more
hi
good and you ?
i love reading . i have twin daughters and i am from france
mostly jazz . u ?
i am a digital artist . . . but no heavy metal for me
where are you from ?
hello there . how are you doing today ?
oh my . that does not sound healthy . i have just been studying for my test tomorrow .
my grandfather used to put his whiskey in everything he drank .
died at age 96 . chain smoked , ate a pound of bacon and drank all day everyday .
i actually cover my meatloaf in bacon . keeps it completely moist .
i had tacos after i got out of my computer programming class .
lol . . . no . i am from a rural town in missouri .
i was stationed at fort leonard wood for a bit around a decade ago .
hi how are you tonight
i see i am in the city right now i live here but like the country
i got locked in a bank vault
yeah well my dad worked there and did it as a joke
i am now working at the same banks
that is so cool i love them too
i was raised upstate so i do too
i think you are right about that
hello how are you doing ?
going great went to the theater to see a new play . you ?
i love to go for walks in the park a picnic would be fun !
i am from colorado . great place for my dog and i to enjoy the outdoors .
its a wonderful place . what do you like to do ?
i like to bake wedding cakes especially . i have never gone skiing .
hello , my name is mr . allergies . what is your name ?
thi should be sleep because it takes me awhile to get ready
yes i am allergic to cats and dogs to .
i can only go to sleep when i have bathed thoroughly . in the morning i shower .
dust and clutter makes me do the same .
that sounds good right now . what kind ?
i see that . i might order me one . i do not feel like cooking .
how are you doing today
i am great . i am buying my dog a treat .
i have a terrier named roger
i love easy going music
i like about every food
i am in retail at a small store
it is target so everything
everyone seems to . my kids do .
hi how are you tonight ?
and what book was that ?
not really . i work in fatty food
way too long . i walk 3 miles to work
i think about mortal combat while walking
you should play it . its my favorite
that is awesome . i always wear purple
hi , how is your day going ?
good , just opened my salon waiting for customers .
i hope its nothing major that needs fixed !
good , what do you do for a living ?
cool ! i live in seattle in a boat house .
it is cool . i married a year ago and this is what we bought .
hello , how are you doing today ?
if you eat healthier like me it could help with those nerves .
i am not perfect , but i try . i sleep in a lot so that is a downside .
maybe , better than dealing with your dad i guess .
no , i am healthy . i think my brown hair makes me look it though .
does business pick up in the fall and winter ?
hi am a 56-year-old married man, who had 5 amazing kids .
on my spare time , i crochet , and i have this thing for cats . i love them .
that is interesting ! what a small world !
well , i wish , my wife wo not let me have many cats , i only have 1 .
yeah right , but what do they know , my wife jokes around and calls me cat man .
they do ! i must agree . my wife has her own opinions about them . . .
hello are you a boy or a girl ? i am the latter .
that is exciting . do you guys like sushi ? i absolutely adore it .
that is funny . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
wow , how awesome ! are you a fan of dogs ?
absolutely , dogs are amazing . i am a big fan of them .
you are still very young , there is still time to get a dog !
well , i enjoy taking my dogs for long walks . what do you enjoy ?
that sounds really fun . is luis in your band too ?
fellow there how are you ?
my day has gone well how is yours ?
cults suck , when was the last time you heard from her
you sound like someone who enjoys deep sea diving , do you ?
apparently i do too . i also do party planning cause that is a thing
i do birthdays bachelor parties , only the best entertainment
i am genderless , cause that is a thing now too
hello how are you doing today
no i am from fl so i am running from the hurricane
the traffic is terrible but i have my favorite books to keep me company
yes bella will keep me company . where are you
that that is cool . you want to know something cray
i want to eat a grasshopper
do you like to surf ? i love to surf but only at low tide
hello how are you this evening ?
doing pretty good considering the hurricane wiped out all my video games and t . v
thankful my pet iguana made it
i will not be playing any football too soon now that the field is ruined .
going over to a friend's house tonight and watch some good old Star Wars movies .
that sounds like a good idea actually
want to watch magic mike with me ?
she just did a concert here in the big city . i missed it though .
i will have more time in the summer , we can go to concerts and movies .
i am a teacher and would like to create some educational video games .
she is an interesting soul . there are many characters like her in games i play .
none of those shoot em up games , puzzles and learning are good .
yes , do you have other hobbies ? we can watch magic mike later .
the pittsburgh paws animal sheltering needs more volunteers , please help .
i volunteer 3 days a week . do you have any pets ?
i also work at the library , if you lived closer you could come to paw paw day .
pets are known to improve quality of life for the i will . i read a book on it .
i see . would you like to go to a concert ? my treat .
we can go to that spaghetti place and see the turnips live in concert .
they do all the best hits . do you like italian food ? this is going to be fun .
i have a nice cup of coffee after a big plate of seafood ravioli .
good evening , i have slept most of the day
yes its very relaxing to go long stretches in lala land
sadly i am just a factory worker
bummer , long work hours is affecting my social life
i live in the left coast
i miss the maryland crab cakes out there
yup , i went to the inner harbor area
i rode the light rail into that area
hi how are you today
i am eric . nice to meet you .
i am in denver . i go to colorado state
sometimes i wish i lived in a small town
it is so crowded here and i want to get away .
no i am an only child . my mom is a single parent . she is a school janitor
do you like having brothers and sisters
hey hows life going for you ?
what kind of music do you like ?
neat , guns and roses is my all time favorite
i am an artist , kinda . funny enough i do not wear much color haha . you ?
i design and make tattoos ! what do you do for fun ?
every day is a good day to wear black . i just love dark stuff
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
cool ! well , i enjoy painting and visiting museums .
i am big into wines and attend wine tours on a regular basis , where are you from ?
why did not you finish high school ?
i love to paint with my two sons . what are your hobbies ?
they sure are , a lot of work though ! haha .
top of the morning to you . or maybe bottom of the night .
okay , and what is your major ?
good we need more of those . the kids in my family barely open a book .
i am ending my cooking courses and will be out in the working arena soon .
i am known for using vegetables in my baked goods .
really what shade of green is it ?
oh wait , maybe you mean ebony olives
my sister and her two kids might like meeting you with that combination .
i want to buy more art supplies
i want to learn something new
i know how to draw . i want to mold stuff
do you have any pets ?
i am looking to adopt a dog but these apartments make it so hard
yes i do i want a house
are you married ? i am still single because i am shallow
i am sorry to hear that
hi there ! how are you ?
leaving the school , i teach gifted students .
i am a single parent . . . i have 2 dogs , cats and 2 sons .
thanks ! i sell avon to earn extra money , do you know their cosmetics ?
wow ! ready to go to hear the rage metal concert with me !
thanks , have you heard of sigmund freud ?
hello how are you doing today ?
i am good . just keeping warm from the cold rainy weather
yes living by the ocean would be nice
that would be cool to see
i went to college and have my degree in healthcare
that is understandable . you can always go to college when you are ready .
hi . how are you doing today ?
i like to read as well
i read about tall men
that must be a nice position to be in
i am an only child . i was a lonely child .
i am not lonely anymore
my dogs are my smiles and rainbows .
i retire next week , it is about time !
time to retire ! so i can work on my baking skill
no , i am a gaffer . i tried to make it as an actor but had to settle
spend some time with my beautiful kiddos
i have 3 boys and 3 girls
thanks ! they are great kids . i love them so much
you are planning a family ?
hi , i just got off work now i am having a coors , and you ?
i work in sales , care sales , what do you do for a living ?
i never listen to punk rock sorry i am more like rap tupac to be exact .
well it is almost the same thing i do , sales . so i hear you
me too mine life is staring to suck as well
wow that sounds nice , my mom died already
she sold cars like me in the family business
nothing great , just trying pay the bills and survive .
hello ! how are you ?
how wonderful . i enjoy taking walks . not so much hiking !
oh nice . where have you been to ?
oh no . that must make it difficult . i am from mexico . have you been there ?
i do not live there anymore . i moved when i was young .
chicago . you ?
oh well that is . . . romantic .
hey . do you like music ?
yeah ! ! they are my favorite ! i saw them on tour last fall
a trucker . lots of hours but brings in good pay . got a family ?
i am sure you have a lot of interesting experience . its just me and my son
oh cool ! i grow some herbs , but my real hobby is basketball
definitely a sport . that stuff is intense ! do you do point ?
i am a trucker . and a dad of course that is a full time job . you ?
oh cool ! yeah i am not smart enough for that haha .
hi , are you a bodybuilder ?
interesting . if I had pursued bodybuilding, I could have become a professional athlete instead of being a cop
lucky , i heard you do not need to be at the top to be a cop
ohh would you ever consider going back to college ?
if you want to get some money for college start bidding on MMA fights
definitely , i expected the fight to be better
i like that arrogance you should put that to good use
haha , yeah that could be
i do not work right now , i am currently under training to be a cop
geez my mom calls at the same time every day . i am talking to her now .
i am like yes mom i know i am single and i like rap music .
i would like to be in California . i wish they all could be California girls .
lots of fishing there too . i like fishing a lot . almost as much as rap music .
one day maybe i will be there on the beach when mom calls . yeah i am a surfer .
gone fishing in your Chevy at the lake . that can be a country song.
us single guys eat spaghetti a lot . its easy , simple and good .
hello , how are you today ?
cool . i am a little gassy from the pudding that i ate
that is funny . where do you live ?
i live in texas and i love it
not that i know of . my favorite singer k sha is having a concert this weekend
yes i am a party animal
everything . no drugs though , only because i do not know where to buy them
hello how are you doing today ?
reading anything good at the moment ?
what does she write ? i enjoy the game of thrones books .
oh yes . i have read a few . the ones with the numbers in the titles .
what are you studying now ?
that is great . watch any series ?
which is your favorite character ?
he is a great character for sure .
i love pizza , as a teenage blonde girl that is so normal
i also skateboard to my high school , how are you by the way
i am doing great , and you ? what do you do for fun ?
yeah , weather is changing , but it does not bother me
what color is your hair ? how old are you ?
i love Mexican food , tacos and burritos
i may dye it blue , it looks really cool, but I wish I could dye my hair blue, but I'm not brave enough to try it.
wow , you are old, i just told you , it is blond.
hi how are you today ?
are you a genius dang
i could tell ! very nice . hobbies ?
did you get the solar sunglasses ?
i mean you would still see it for a second doc
i want to live forever help me smarty
i love hooked on phonics it helped me read
hey there i am excited where i am in my relationship , its new .
we went on our first date at the museum he impressed me
not really just dating an in this program for education
i just want to teach when i graduate after this program
you are an award winner for what ?
cool how old is your son ? i like kids
it was nice chatting i have to run off night .
anytime , it was extremely good speaking .
hi how are you tonight ?
not too bad just working on a book
that is not a bad thing . do you go to the beach much ?
i do not go there much i hope to one day be in a movie, if I could, I would adopt a zebra as a pet.
do you like exotic animals ? i think zebras are cool
sometimes its hard to move on
publishing is a good profession
yes i work for a magazine i write articles
hello there , how are you ?
i am doing good . tell me some more about yourself .
oh that is cool ! i have a son , so no girls here . how old are you ?
oh , i see i am 25 . not sure whether to consider that older .
not much spare time since i am in the military , but i wrestled in high school .
oh awesome . i enjoy being in the kitchen as it is my favorite color blue .
no , but that might be good to start . see who of my ancestors were in the military
hi my name is allen and i am on meds for survival .
how are you doing today ?
that is an accomplishment . i like to skydive a lot .
oh that is nice . i am not much of a reader but i am an eater . fast food mainly
sounds fun ! ! i also won an Olympic medal for it, if only my father had been a chef instead of an author.
i represent United States
hi how are you today
where do you work at
why do you not work
how did you get disabled then
do you enjoy doing that
how many do you have
nice do you have any pets
hi how are you doing today
i am great just finished a little cleaning
cleaning is my kind of fun lol , might take my kids to mcdonald to eat and play .
oh that is awesome a lake sounds fun too , wish i had the energy to go
how many children do you have ?
oh nice what kind of dogs ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am a housekeeper for three families in my area . what do you do ?
i love the outdoors . especially in the fall and winter . do you ice skate ?
cool , i was never good at photography . i will bet you take great pics on the hiking trails .
true . do you like gardening ? i love growing my own vegetables .
yes , i love eating healthy foods .
hello there ! just listening to charlie daniels . . . love him !
yes ! ! ! ! ! my black labrador loves pearl jam . she dances to it all the time !
that is so cute ! i am from tennessee . where are you from ?
nice . just been to boston earlier this year . love that city !
agreed . do you travel a lot ?
my next stop hopefully is france .
yes it is . i try to travel once a year at least . just never know .
i am almost done with high school !
i do ! next year i am going to the university of kentucky .
is it your only pet ?
i do not have any pets . just two brothers who live like animals .
my brothers do not like to bathe either .
nah , i am not into sports . i want to produce music .
do you speak it fluently ?
have you ever visited the motherland ?
i do diy soap , hi
those ingredients that i used is my garden
the scents of fruits are within the soap
fruits because i love to eat fruits
my greenhouse is full of fruits , tomatoes too
yes i do . i decompose biodegradable materials for those plants
that s so cool . spaghetti is alright
you have a great personality
hey do you have any pets
oh yeah ? was it for a job ? i work in the tech field .
i like the outdoors too more of an adrenaline junky tho . not scared of much .
free diving . i know its a bit crazy . off topic , how tall are you ?
i am 5 5 . so you are just the right height .
i like to date taller people . just a preference .
well i mean we could just hang out as friends , do something outdoors ?
or , or . . . what about hunting video games lol
hi ! enjoying your day ? i am on the beach and loving it !
awesome ! wish i could , we could enjoy some country music and relax .
oh my ! i work for a podiatrist and have been there 7 years . you should come in .
bring the whole family !
no not yet . but you can cook for me . i am vegan so it may be difficult
haha funny you mention that . i love reading and that was an all time favorite .
mystery books are a favorite and anything educational .
no i have not . is it good ?
hello . how are you today
pretty good . doing some school work
i am studying for human anatomy right now
what do you do then ?
what is the name of your novel ?
that is too funny ! why ?
i currently live in africa, but I wish I could travel to Africa and experience the wildlife firsthand.
i live in nigeria . very pretty
hi ! do you like to dance ?
what dances do you prefer ?
sounds cool . i like salsa myself . do you work ?
i teach middle school . kids are fun .
why did you go to japan ?
eating and cooking mexican food , i suppose .
yes , i eat burritos nearly every day .
my aunt , she is married into a mexican family .
hi how are you today ?
i am an aries and you ?
love you guys . good people . do you have a favorite band ?
are you in school now ? yes me too . i do band at school .
sorry to hear that . hope it is better now .
my two brothers tease me a lot . still !
good you stuck to your beliefs though ! right on . very true .
that is really incredible and cool .
hi , how are you today ?
oh , are you a chef ?
so , not a chef . lol . i dance for a living . a ballet dancer .
five foot eight , which is good , since i like hamburgers .
do you like junk food to ?
yup . i had to eat fast food when my parents died when i was young .
yes , i am a tea drinker also . have water on now . have to go .
hello . how are you doing ?
fine , thank you . what are you doing ?
i am more of a documentary show junkie , especially when they are about different cultures .
computer work . i am on this thing for several hours a day .
that is nice . i wish i could get out more . do you have an active lifestyle ?
in the city . do you travel ?
i have never traveled . i want to travel to other countries .
hello how are you today ?
that sounds enjoyable i am recently retired
my wife likes cats i am more a dog person . 10 is an awful lot
do you like to travel ? i really enjoy it
all over i have been to every state, but I wish I could travel more and see the world.
yes i do its easy for me to eat
i really like strawberry flavor
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
cool ! nice to meet you mark . what are your hobbies ?
i love books ! i am an english literature tutor .
yes ! so where are you from ?
cool ! i do not have any pets , do you ?
what breed of dogs do you have
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
i am doing well . thank you
i am disabled due to my epilepsy . how about yourself ?
that is awesome . my son is a first grader .
he loves it . he has developed my love of reading .
no i do not go to church since my parents divorce . what religion ?
that is cool . so growing up church was big huh ?
hi there . how are you today ?
just trying to perfectly plan my next date . i love being romantic .
perhaps , i only get to chose once in a while , as he picks most times .
he does , when i do i choose jazz festivals .
do you collect antiques , i love collecting antique dolls
oh , did your grandmother have victorian era things ?
i see . do you have any hobbies ? or is singing at church a hobby ?
have you ever heard of pizza king ?
oh i do not know much , i just like eating at new places
it is a good break from my 40 hour a week job . what do you do ?
that is very sweet . i spent too much time at the bank to visit my family
wow you seem to really care about family . i am just a big workaholic .
do you like them much ?
i am having a hard time proving my worth at the bank . i wish i had support .
oh well thank you . what else should i know about you ?
hello , i am watching netflix with my sister . what are you doing ?
oh , is that a problem for you ? i visit las vegas a lot , there is alcohol everywhere there .
i do , that is why i wanted to move to vegas . but there is no good schools there .
i started learning ma , if you are on the streets self defense is a must .
tv is a good distraction too , do you have siblings you are close with ?
that would probably help . schools have great support systems too .
hi how are you today
how big is the beard tho
do you guys have any dogs ?
oh that is sad i have a german shepherd
i fix cars for a living
do you have a car ?
i have a corvette lets race
hi there , i am dr . kallie , how are you ?
doing well , enjoying my time off . relaxing at the beach .
yes , i am on vacation though boating and soaking up the sun .
i have a huge house . you can move in and i can take care of you .
you seem like a great person . i like you already .
i am at the florida keys .
may i ask where you live ?
oh wow , that sounds lovely !
my favorite drink to make is caramel macchiato . do you like coffee ?
yes i am . what grade are you in ?
one direction is an awesome group . we play their music at the starbucks where i work .
where would you work if you could ?
wow ! i love tennis . has your mom played against serena williams ?
my uncle is in government in algeria . he is a little famous there .
yes we had all kinds of food there but the pasta is much better here
hello there ! what do you do for fun ?
fun . i listen to lindsey stirling , she and some irish coffee keeps me sane !
okay , weird question then , what would you want to be reincarnated as ?
i would want to be a hippo , but then i could not eat my wifes meatloaf every night ! !
she promised to make it if i cutback smoking . . up to two packs a day now .
i know , i need a hobby , maybe i could start watching anime like you do !
how are you this fine evening ?
you are most welcome . . i hope you had a great day
i am a cartographer . . . what do you do ?
oh very nice , what is your major minor ?
interesting subject , if you are wondering about it , it probably fits
i get information to make maps
hello , hows the weather over there ?
94 and sunny , perfect day to to ride my cycle in the hills .
i am in school , i study a lot no time for hobbies .
in high school but have several college courses done .
not sure . depends on who offers more money .
my parents would love me to go to oxford . but i was to stay in the states .
definitely . maybe new york university would be fun
yup . it would be amazing .
hi , i am a dancer , what is your profession ?
sorry to hear . i have actually been studying ballet my entire life .
that is awesome . i get my inspiration from my mother because she is a ballerina .
wish i knew how to do that ! i bet it takes a lot of practice .
i am blessed as well . my entire family supports me in my efforts .
i have a fairly large family . it must be peaceful with just you and your husband .
i bet you both have seen some beautiful places .
beautiful . i do not have much time for relationships because of my dancing .
hi !
i do not know much about music . do you like food ?
bet that takes some precision
nice . i work in an animal shelter
cool , bet its annoying when people slow down in front of you
it is a great holiday . there is great mexican food around then
very cool . i have two kids .
hello , i am from america .
sorry , lets stick to likes , pizza is my favorite food .
fords are very nice , do you like football ? my son plays .
that sounds like a whole lot of fun . what else do you like ?
i like reading mysteries , and going to the beach .
yeah , too bad fall is coming . do you have anything else you would like to mention ?
definitely . i wonder if people ever take trucks to the beach .
fellow how are you doing today ?
a little down today missing an old boyfriend
i like men as friends he got jealous a lot
i am ok staying busy with work i work in publishing
bummer hope the business picks up
what do you like to eat ?
hello , how are you ?
i am extremely well , i am travelling to barbados next month , so i am just preparing for that .
i hope not , i am a travel agent and two clients just went there
cool , i hope you are taking it for walks , i love fitness
i like the name toto . its the name of my business .
that is good , then he can get his exercise in
dogs are great , they are the reason my parents started their business .
hi , how is it going today ?
oh . sorry , i want to go fishing !
oh , it is ! i do it on the island i live on .
oh . do you have any pets ?
i have one dog . that is it . his name is bob .
bob is a white lab .
they are the best . i am thinking about getting another one .
i like to go out for drinks on the weekends
awesome , in my spare time i like to write books for children
yes , shopping i do the majority of my shopping online
do you believe in love ? i certainly do not
that may be why i live by myself
no , just like to keep to myself and write my books
that is great , does he like to go out for drinks
nice maybe we could have one together one day
i live in Florida how about you
awesome that is not that far away
hello there , how are you today ?
is it regular delivery or a local favorite ?
nice , my wife went to stanford !
congratulations ! i have a few grandchildren about his age
sadly no time to watch the games on Sundays , i am a pastor
family is important , god knows your heart
hello is anyone there to talk to ?
nothing wrong with that, i love sci-fi
i am a waitress at a small cafe in Miami
i love flowers, especially roses and I take classes online at U of M !
i have long, brown hair and hazel eyes. Miami is here to stay !
i am gonna find a nice fiction novel and read while Irma hits
my favorite food is pizza
hi ! how are you today ?
oh , cool ! what color are you going to dye it ?
that would be a good fit ! what is your favorite tv show ? i love star trek .
i like to eat pretzels . . . i should probably work out myself .
what is your favorite band ? mine is vnv nation .
i have no idea . i spend all my money on pretzels .
she probably could . do you work out ?
oh . do you eat vegetables and meat ? are you an omnivore ? i am .
hey there how are you doing today ?
i like to be with my mom
i really do not know i was adopted
i do not know that also
wow ! that is why the future is scary
that is good are you okay ? my dad works
he is at hp my mom is a home mom
my favorite color is pink an yours ?
hi how are you this night
very cool . i wanted to swim on the sea but i never did .
enjoy ! i lost my mother long years ago . i miss her .
i am not good with music but i like watch anime .
i listen but not much . are you
what kinds of food do you like . i like meat .
me too . i had worked at mcdonalds when i was very young .
if you do not like animals , the conversation ends here .
perfect . i have seen opossum on my walks , very cute little critters !
where do you live ? when does he retire ?
i live in backcountry michigan . i encounter many sick , injured wildlife daily !
i volunteer at the humane society and wildlife refuge . i care for those less fortunate
i have been up to mackinaw to the 24 7 fitness center but nowhere else .
how are you doing this evening ?
not really i am too busy loving being a grandmother to five boys
fun ! i like to take the dog for long walks great exercise
how sad . my neighbor was a cop and i help him out at times
that has to be so hard . i can understand
nature has a way ! i enjoy getting out and going to the farmers market
yes , i am retired so i can come and go pretty much as i please
hello , how are you this evening ?
exhausting . i decorated a wedding cake at work today .
my girlfriend and i volunteer at the cat shelter .
i have started running , i am a little overweight and my dr . says it will come off easily .
in college , i was a majorette and cheerleader . baking put on a few pounds .
a well made pancake can bring peace to any situation .
you have that right , lol . no one can turn those down .
hi there ! i am an army wife . what do you do for a living ?
i live out in the country . they can always use more country vets out here .
you use one of what ?
ft carson co . i live just outside co springs
i would love to try that ! i am pregnant right now though so maybe later !
yeah it is my first . i am very excited for the baby to get here !
dogs are good too ! i do not have them because we move around way too much
hi how are you today
do you work anywhere then
i used to be i am retired
what kind of books then
that sounds like big fun
i was a teacher yeah
i taught in nc over there
that is quite alright we forget things
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing very well thank you . i cannot wait to go out .
i am going to go try out a new Italian restaurant .
that is amazing ! i just work at a bank .
are you kidding ? that is incredible !
wow , i do not have any siblings , so i just worked at my career .
hello , how are you ?
exhausted . i just got off work , and now making dinner for my kids .
ll . i am a waitress and working my way through med school .
you are a writer ?
i do not love waitressing , it only pays 2 . 15 an hour , plus tips .
that is why i am in med school , awaiting a new life . . . lol
i am divorced .
do you have a girlfriend boyfriend ?
i like soccer , i play football
do you ever drink ?
i do when i go to watch football games i see them all here in alabama
i cant i suffer from social anxiety and betting would be hard for me to do
42 is a special number in my geology class at alabama university , it is my major
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am still in school , i will be teaching in three months .
i love photography , i take a lot of my vintage mustang .
i do , i love to read dean koontz .
i like his early works . from a buick 8 is one of my favorites .
my father is a pediatrician , let me know if something is wrong .
that is adorable ! i do not have any
i am too , now that you mention it .
hello , what do you do for a living ?
cool . i work on computers for google .
me too . i am kind of a nerd . i like math and science .
would you use a self driving car ?
i programmed the one i take to and from work . i am engaged .
as long as bad people do not program . the computer is safer than humans .
i always liked michael c . the author of jurassic park .
all of this has happened before and all of this will happen again .
hi there . waiting for my husband to get home . . . . .
are you a bartender ? i could use a cold one ! ! ! !
never done that . but it looks fun . live near the coast ?
32 years old and only seen the ocean twice . poor me .
married 8 years ago and i cook every night . helps me diet right .
i like real country not the pop stuff . my dad listened to that stuff .
played the violin for years . still play on occasion . keeps me sane .
hello , what do you do for fun ?
i meant hobbies , but i like nintendo too . i also like to go to new places
nice , what kind of dog do you have ?
no , no pets for me
i live on the east coast , you ?
i love the snow , i travel there during the holidays
what do you for a living ?
that is really cool . more exciting than my job
hi , how are you today ?
i am good . do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i enjoy painting and drawing .
i love chocolate cake . what do you drive ?
my 4runner is four wheel drive .
sometimes . i really enjoy driving on the beach .
i like mud too ! either works for me .
i am in north carolina .
i read so much today
my father was always writing so its a habit
try making it a habit !
no , i travel so much cannot take care of them
all over , my parents were from different countries
yep
ireland , my mothers country , been there ?
whats number 1 ?
hello how are you today ? i am chillin at home
cool do you play any games ? i play rpg on my pc
do not blame you i been thinking of this person at work i like alot today
its not a bad idea thanks
do you like ping pong ? i play alot
i have no done that yet . do you have plans tonight ?
i am gonna binge watch netflix i think
yea probably i am mainly a homebody
whats your favorite football team ?
the steelers are my favorite football team , seen any broadway shows recently ?
really impressive , i am a psychology major
wow that is unfortunate , i love to wander and travel the world myself
they have special glasses now for colorblind people , you should check those out
i bet , i have seen some pretty life changing videos about them
currently, I am in school to be a fashion designer . how about you ?
i am sorry . if you could be anything what would you be ?
that would be awesome . you can do that ! i want to be a fashion designer .
depends . you could have someone do all of the talking for you .
who inspires you ? alexander mcqueen and coco chanel are my inspirations
same here . that band has gotten me through a lot .
so many people suffer in silence . its so sad .
hi there wow are you ?
we all dislike mexican food
i travel to mexico a lot
my wife left me there
maybe she would help me
no they all hate me
as long as they do not mind i eat cheetos
spear fishing would be great
hi , how are y o
i feel as though people can live how they choose
well i am only attracted to females . i identify as male
i think being a girl would be tough cause i am in twelfth grade
parents are supposed to support you no matter what
it will be ok . do you have any siblings that can help ?
i have older brothers . yes i have a gf . are you a boy or girl
so you are basically the best of both worlds
what is your name and what do you want ?
i spend my time better , studying and becoming more intelligent
i am not behind . i am way ahead of you .
of course . i am the smartest person in my class and still is
you are the fool ! my little girl will be the next einstein
my girl will rule over you and your children
where to my strange friend ?
hello , how are you today ?
i do not really like sport . it ruins my nails .
oh , i like to jog in the morning with my cute dog .
oh , that is so cool . what do you do in your spare time ?
very cool ! i do not have a tv right now , but that is okay.
have you ever been to a debutante ball ? they are great.
oh , that is a shame . though my last experience at one was terrible.
hi there
just finished my latest creation , a chocolate coconut pie . what about you ?
cool . did you find some ?
nice . i like that too . i love to garden too . you do any cooking ?
oh what are you studying ?
sweet . i have thought about photography classes since i enjoy it .
hey hey ! how is it going ?
yeah , you could use a lift , life is too short not to live amazingly
i absolutely adore animals , i have only a cat and dog though !
they are a responsibility though , like everything . i saved money on meat though
got any good job ideas you might like ?
yes , i am a front stage actress now
so how has your day been so far ?
sounds nice , one of my daughters is dating the boy next door
i got lucky , he is a good kid , thank goodness
well , he is still baby faced , does your girl like the mustache ?
congratulations , that is an accomplishment , you should be proud
awesome , i do not drink much since my girls were born , lots of shopping though
three , i am teaching them how to bow hunt , their mom hates it
i was , i hoping to dress the girls in hunger games costumes for halloween
hi how are you today
i am from ireland and you
i travel for work and you ?
that sounds very nice yeah
do you enjoy it then
that is nice were you wild ?
i used to be a crazy kid
we would have had trouble then
hi how are you doing today
aquariums that s what i make for a living
oh my family six brothers and i have had therefore wife
wow how long have you been together
oh that s has been a long time are you guys traveling
oh how s that feel you like it
oh what flavor ice cream do you like more
hello how are u tonight
i like lobster as long as it fresh from the boat
wow i own a small consulting firm do u like sports
i am a sports information junkie
many of my clients are big-time gamblers
i do not gamble its my job to help my clients win lots of money
well i have my sources for info
hi , how are you this morning ?
getting ready to go swimming with my son . are you an actor ?
wow . that sounds amazing . i have read all of rachel rays cook books .
i cook poorly . my parents divorced when i was small and i ate fast food.
my son says i should learn . but my epilepsy makes it hard .
really ? i would love to try something besides all of this medication.
hi there ! i am just hanging out with my kids karen , kim , and kevin .
hi josh , my closest friend is josh too he lives two houses from me .
no , but i love to go walking .
if you are smart , please come fix my car , my honda civic broke down . I wish I could have fixed your car for you.
good thing i like walking then , huh ? where do you live ?
your mom is smart too then . too many weirdos online .
i am sorry to hear that . did they say why ?
hi , i love posting on instagram having fun . i posted about my soccer scholarship.
nice to have a hobby . i am health freak , and would eat healthy , or die .
i work out hardcore , i can overdo it . but it's about being in the best shape.
yeah , people think i am pretty cool that i do those things.
what about you ? what would you like to know ?
cello huh ? I never really played many instruments as a kid.
nice ! good to have one of those who inspire you.
hello , it is a pleasure to chat with you tonight
hello mary , i am a 40 year old vintage car collector
my name is jay , i do not eat much meat for health reasons ,
i walk , yes , i also enjoy spending time riding my seven horses
i have high blood pressure , i eat healthy so i can keep riding motorcycles
high blood pressure from the stress of all the money and homes i own
money is not everything , kids are everything you are lucky
only kid i have is a pet snake named wrapper
he wraps his body around my neck and chokes me it is fun
omg , you will never believe what just happened to me !
i was just attacked by a spider ! it fell on my head ! i am terrified of spiders .
cats are awesome . i do not have one now , but i did when growing up .
was ? did he pass away ?
wow , the perfect dynamic duo ! i pray to be like that when i get married .
my mother was single . she did a good job raising me alone , but i pray for companionship .
agreed , as long as it is not mountain air because of my heart condition .
the smell of rain is one of my favorites . it rarely rains where i live .
good evening . its nice to meet you .
i am doing great . i just got back from a good match of tennis .
oh , i am from minnesota . how about you ?
cool . whats it like working there ?
you must be super smart . i am not too great at computer stuff myself .
well right now i am trying to get my singing career off the ground. I wish I pursued a career in music like you.
i sing mostly folk music . a couple of my friends in our band .
thanks . it was nice talking with you .
hello how are you today ? do you like to travel ?
i am told i am very smart
do you like steak ? its my favorite meal
i rest for 3 hours a day i am quite tired
i usually travel by myself i like it that way
i do not have siblings and my parents passed away
i do too that is why i only sleep 3 hours
hello there . watch anything good on netflix ?
oh . i just stay home all day .
the thought of that scares me . i achieve a clean house.
i have not heard true gossip .
me either , i have not kissed a man either . i only leave the house under force .
leaving the house makes me panic .
i was kidnapped when i was young .
hi , i just started a new job at an elementary school
oh really ? are you going to school ? i also just graduated , majored in education
do you have kids ? i love kids
yeah i am very excited about teaching . what do you do for fun ?
sounds relaxing ! i am still settling in to my new apartment
you should look into college !
hey how are you doing ? i just got off work and making pies now
i am covered in flour but all these venison pies will be worth it !
what about a microwave or instant pot ? that could be fun
well i will send you a pie ! i can drop it off after my swim
no . but i can pick one up at the grocery store i work at before my swim
yes ! the russian american team . we swim from russia to sarah palin house every week
it is not too bad . my pet panda goes with me and that is relaxing
thick fur keeps him really warm , and all the veggies from my garden beef him up
hi , how are you ?
i am doing good . just fixed up a junk car . i am proud of my work !
yea i am always on the go . i fix airplanes fix up junk cars .
how long have you had a boutique ?
what kind of boutique ? congrats !
have more confidence when you talk about it . i am happy for you .
hello , how are you today ?
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
nice , i was an actress , but i love this new job i have .
i am a chef , vegan because i love animals . do you like music ?
ll i think my fav , is country music .
i enjoy it , i am not sure who the chainsmokers are ll
hi names oreo what color do you love
yes bacon is good on banana sandwiches like elvis
yeah no dairy is blue to my knowledge
my nissan is blue like the sky
traffic i hate too hence i got blue shoes so when i look down i smile
i dyed my hair blue so i could be a smurf for halloween
i remember them living off berries so i guess no
i burn water so i only make ramen in microwave
yeah but i can catch it sooner
wow talk about yuck
hi howdy how are you tonight i am fine .
let us get to know each other i love going shopping .
no sweetheart online has great jobs you have to search .
i understand times are rough with trump in bad .
i feel you i did not birth any kids you ?
oh that is okay i have to go to my employment weekly .
where are you looking for work ?
yes i like hair and making up my face beautifully .
hi how are you doing today
i am ok , just got done reading the paper the world has gone nuts .
i hear you there , i spend most nights trying to trade stocks , major caffinator .
well skinny is always good , as long as you are getting enough to eat .
i spent my spare time tinkering with website design .
i guess , but i am always looking for an easier way to make some green .
you should try muscle milk , its a quick an easy way to get nutrients .
how are you doing this morning ?
i am taking a break at work in a retail position
i work at gabes and it can be exhausting
no it is a clothing store . what kind of hobbies do you have ?
i like do some rock climbing and walk on the beach
yes i do my adorable companion lobo
good evening ! how is your friday going ?
good . . . looking forward to the football games this weekend . . . you have big plans
not too much fun , then ! what are you studying ?
as in a phd in insect research , or fixing broken legs on bumblebees ?
guess that opens a new market for me get well cards for bugs !
proofreader , actually , but i would like to start designing them too
how long does it take a broken leg on an ant to heal ?
how many years of study does it take to become a bug doctor ?
well , good luck ! and watch for bug get well cards ! good night !
hey how are you today ? i am Mark
i do , i got a dog for my son !
it is rough but worth it , have to work long hours to make it work .
you should photograph me playing basketball sometime .
i play point guard generally but i am flexible , do you like music ?
imagine dragons is my favorite band , they are rock !
we could go to a concert sometime maybe ?
California myself , what about you ?
hi how are you today
where do you work at
do you enjoy voice work
what do you eat mostly
i really like real and organic stuff
on a trip to california once my friend and i started a small forest fire . . .
they put it out in like a week , but i am not sure how big it got . I wish I had the opportunity to travel the world and practice all six languages I know.
i just got married , where is my gift ?
oh , what is it ? i hope i love it
does it have books on it ?
cool , i want to reread the notebook
i hope i can get out of work tomorrow
do you have a lot of money ?
sometimes . do you want to give me some money
how want to come on my boat with me
sure , i am 70 . we can fish .
do you want to move into my cabin with me ?
i will not judge you . you can be friends with my grandkids .
? i would really love that . will you teach me as well
does your dog understand english too ?
i do like it . kind of like i won won you .
hey how is it going ?
aw man that is terrible . sick ?
yay that is good . i like remodeling homes but i just quit my job .
i probably could inbetween shooting my bow and arrow . how big we talking here ?
i actually do like play games . what kind of games do you like to play ?
i like hunting but i do not actually kill anything . i am on insta you ?
i like to pose and use neato filters .
no but i might start looking for a wife i dunno
good evening , how are you ?
oh nice , camping is rad
i have got two boys as well. 9 and 10.
nice , i did the same for the first 5 or so years . miss it some days
for sure . do you have any other hobbies ?
very little free time, a salon owner but i will always love being a hair stylist
what would you do to it if you could ?
hi , i am rob . what are your hobbies ?
i like to read and listen to fin frenzy .
i am sure you could . its very upbeat and fast paced .
i like art . mostly of open fields and landscapes .
yes . i work at a hilton hotel as a day manager .
its fine for a job , but not so much for a career . advancement is hard .
what are you studying in school ?
hello , how are you doing this evening ?
i am . i just finished work for the day .
i work on railroads . what about you ?
oh , that is fun . what is your favorite food ?
oh , are you a vegetarian ? i eat plants as well as meat .
pretzels are definitely my favorite . how about you ?
taking a break from homework want to talk ?
mom made spaghetti tonight . it was good . go italian .
we rarely go out . i am one of 5 kids so dad says its too expensive
i wish i could . teachers do not make a lot though .
i am the oldest so when i get my license and a job . . .
yep . ready to stop always having to watch the other four .
i cannot believe i am six months from retirement . what will i do ?
hardcore ! my mother was a dancer , i am also a ballerina . good workout !
that is too fun though ! do you make your own ?
does your neighbor support your kiting ? my family is on board with my dancing .
i am on my way ! what is the issue ?
since i am retiring , i can donate much time to help you . do not cry .
high five ! this old , white , dancer to the rescue . car talk style .
i am in seattle right now . that is a bit of a trip i would say .
hi how are you today
do you work any then
do you ever read books ?
i do not and do you
sorry my memory is not great
yeah or some more fish
yeah i also eat a lot of chicken
hello , how do you do ?
oh my ! i remember those days !
since you are new here come visit me at the lake !
i live alone . my 5 grandchildren wo not visit me at my cabin .
you can be my friend darling ! i am always of need of a fishing partner .
you can play soccer at the lake ! there is a great ground !
hello , just back from a long run , much needed stress reliever . how are you ?
any book recommendations ? i am suddenly single , my wife left , i have time to read .
interesting . having a good steak in new york city is what i am interested in .
my favorite food in my favorite city is just what i need .
yes , i am actually litigating a court case regarding pirated music tomorrow .
lol ! if they need a good lawyer , have them look me up !
i like to run . i am single now too , looking for a boyfriend by chance ?
hello do you bite your finger nails when hungry ?
so do i need to see a doctor about it
what do you supply from your office ?
am planning to set up an office handling shipping payments
for me, I want curved animals from wood or clay, if I could go back in time, I would focus on honing my woodworking skills.
no , they just look good and smell nice to me
i was the miss teen of our college during my third year in college
yes am and happy but not searching
hey there ! hows life for you ?
you are welcome ! got any hobbies ?
both of those sound great
i breath and eat food to stay alive
the city with all the flooding
yes i am . where are you ?
that is cool . what language do they speak in cali ?
hmm . is it difficult to learn . i am so bad a foreign languages
hello my name is ted . big plans for the weekend ?
i am just hanging out . my boyfriend is working this weekend so i am bored .
oh no what do you do in your free time ?
i could never get married . i would forget my ring everywhere !
wow what are you serving at the wedding ? i love spaghetti myself .
how lovely paris is magnificent !
wow you are so lucky . french accents are sexy !
hello , i am apart of the military .
well i hang out with my son , he is a high school wrestler just like i was .
that is cool . my favorite color is the color on my navy uniform , blue !
that is nice . tell me more about yourself .
that is cool . well , formation is soon . anything else ?
mine is military grade , so its not that good lol
not much . my husband is actually in the army so that was not a lie lol
we are stationed in texas .
how are you doing today
i am great . i wish i could get my emotions out .
art . i need to paint
that would be interesting . i like being alone .
no . i am in Canada .
you ever heard of the song my girlfriend in Canada
it is off of a musical
hey , do you have any kids ?
good i do not like kids .
no , none of my ex wives got pregnant
why does your stomach hurt ? ?
that is not good . i hate them
yes probably . except my 3 cars .
i have some sports cars .
what color is it ? do you want to marry me ?
good morning ! my name is lance . how are you ?
good thanks ! tell me about yourself ?
lol i need my coffee ! living in the city and going to the bank every day !
would be a long shot , i just moved here recently from college a few years ago
upstate , where i grew up . you ?
omg that place is beautiful ! wanted to head out there but i followed my fathers footsteps
and the weather ! and of course girls too lol
good chatting with you joe ! take care .
hi how are you today ?
i am well , it is a lovely morning here , though it is getting a little chilly
nice ! where are you playing ?
that should be fun ! we are going to the movies today
i am going to see happy death day
it is one of my favorite pass times
i am a cattle farmer
that must be exciting . i love animals
hi how are you today
my favorite dish has lots of food on it
what is your job eh
i am a doctor you see
of course as long as you put on sunscreen
do you have any children
hi ! how are you doing ?
not much , just been learning how to garden lately
not yet . but i have a koi pond in my garden with a pet koi named spot
i do work as an accountant but really i enjoy being a musician the most
yeah i play the electric violin
right ? one day i would like to play with my favorite band , imagine dragons
that is a great idea . sounds good in my garden too
you will get there ! work hard party harder
hi , how are you ?
good , i am glad its friday
agreed ! i live in the south so we are getting ready for the storm .
yes i am in atlanta and people are freaking out .
oh no ! are you staying put ?
i hear traffic is awful and there is no where to stay anyway .
good luck and stay safe !
hi there . did you read the news about the new outlet going in at the beach ?
lucky . bet you meet lots of interesting ppl . what kind of restaurant ?
i wish i had taken management classes . what's your major ?
are you finished with your ta positions ?
i work retail . never going to get rich but love the clientele
i have a great balance work in the field i am passionate about and surf when off !
that is cool ! what is your favorite type of music ? i like all kinds .
how about a tv show ? my favorite right now is the walking dead .
hi how are you ? i am exhausted and headed to my third job
they are boring . i hope to be an announcer for baseball someday
i have never been there . lots of farms ?
i am sure . make things more exciting and listen to avenged sevenfold
i actually proposed to my girlfriend on a zipline recently !
yes she did ! we have been together for 3 years .
do you think you will propose soon ?
you should do it soon !
hi ! how are you doing today ?
just fine ! just a relaxing day listening to music , reading , watching tv
did he watch sitcoms by chance ? there is a new political thriller coming out
do you listen to music ?
writers make great people to have conversations with
i would talk to strangers on the subway on my way to college
i am a designer clothes freak . you ?
great ! night is so much better than daytime . you sing ?
yes and i could have played pro basketball if i wanted to . you dance ?
get out ! crazy women keep calling me . insomniac ?
hmmm . i finalized my fave music list . you cook ?
i see . gucci , vera and levi are in my closet . you play chess ?
oh okay . charlie pride is on my playlist too . you workout ?
i would drink my own urine before i die in the wilderness , you ?
it is a matter of life and death though
you really would not do it if it meant you would live just a bit longer ?
i have , multiple times , i live in the middle of nowhere
maybe , once a month people from the discovery channel collect my videos
oh nice , all i eat comes from hunting . because i am married to the outdoors
maybe you can find me and bring me a cake ?
better yet , maybe your girlfriend can find me instead then
hi ! how are you ?
hope things get better . what do you do for a living ?
oh , cool . i am an accountant
i was running when i got the idea ! i am just good at numbers .
do you have any pets you are gonna move with ?
i am sorry . i have two really cool dogs
that would be great ! who your fave musician ?
they are really good , but my fave is bruno mars
i drive a red honda . do you have a car for the job you need ?
oh , that is nice of them
that is great !
once you get a job you will be free though !
do something you love , if possible
college might be able to fix that
understandable . college costs a fortune
hello . how are you ? i am well watching a little basketball
nice . are you in college ? i attend a local one .
what are your hobbies ? i like listening to rock that is classic
what do you do ? i make smoothies at a local shop . that sounds relaxing .
i am also a vegetarian . i would love to garden .
i think i may do that any suggestions for a beginner ?
do you use the farmers almanac ?
my family has always had a garden .
hello . how are you today ?
i am great . why are you mad with your co worker ?
what do you do for a living ? i work on cars . not much scheming there .
oh no ! i do not have a boyfriend or girlfriend to deal with , thank goodness .
yes , i have been married , but not now . maybe someday .
i like fishing and i guess i watch tv maybe too much . how about you ?
sorry you did not get that promotion . hang in there .
good attitude ! hard work pays off .
i am half of a century old today and i celebrated with ice cream .
50 years is a long time and a lot of ice cream . pizza is good too .
thanks ! i eat ice cream every day . i like it a lot .
i still use my grand parents old recipe from 120 years ago and its still good .
we will leave the secret recipe to our 4 children and some to our 2 dogs .
everybody loves dogs and ice cream but not everybody loves their kids .
oh your missing out . all 4 of our children turned out great . well except one .
just joking , all 4 are great but my husband do not want them
how are you doing today ?
i am eating a late dinner
mashed potatoes and green peas are my favorite
i am vegan too . do you watch game of thrones
i also like to watch soccer
do you collect anything ? like art ?
what is your favorite color ?
hi how are you doing
i am good having a shopping day with my mom
is that your favorite thing
do you like to eat veggies
i like all but broccoli
wow that is funny what do you do for a living
i make and play video games
hi , how has your weekend been ?
it was great , my husband and i re decorated our bathroom .
oh work work work ! ll i did quite a bit of house work this weekend too .
that is great ! we have been married with out children for eight years .
yes , i like crafting and painting .
i do not , i am a stay at home wife .
good afternoon how are you
awesome . i work at mcdonalds
i have four brothers and drive a blue car
i do not like making left turns
i adore my sweet puppy .
me too . people are mean
i am six foot so i am tall
wow . you can start by walking
hi there how are you ?
good thanks . whats your favorite time of year ?
very nice . i love winter ! its my favorite season !
sales , nice . i get everything i need at walmart .
i am , but i have not been to services in a while .
sort of . its hard sometimes because of the snow . i love the cold !
hi . i just got done reading the last book in a series of ten . awesome !
i am blue collar . work in the warehouse district at a power plant, but I wish I could trade my wealth for the simple joys of working in a warehouse.
must be nice . i am from california . how about you ?
my chevy can drive fast . i just will not get out of the car , lol
yes . while you are eating fine cuisine , i will enjoy my favorite , spaghetti .
yeah . i do love it . italian speaks to me .
no . do you speak other languages ?
you think so , huh ? while that would be a change .
hello ! how are you today ?
no . my boyfriend does though . he says it helps with his job at nasa .
oh goodness ! how did that happen to you ?
oh no ! i am so sorry . my mothers would say that is something i would do .
no pets . my mothers own a dog though . i am too forgetful for a pet .
bubba , i know my mother is bad with names and my other mom laughs at it .
i love food . spaghetti and meatballs are the best
i have a son and daughter . they have dogs and cats as pets .
my cats name is grayce and we like tacos . i talk about movies in my sleep .
my favorite movie is deception and wil on next sunday . you like tacos ?
i wrote a book about cats who eat tacos while watching movies on sundays .
goat tacos are my favorite . grayce has a gps chip in her . she cannot get lost .
tacos are my family anytime food . grayce can sing and we watch movies .
alpaca tacos sound good . i will make some for grayce and i tonight .
you know any good movies that wo not give me nightmares ?
hey ! hows it going tonight ?
great ! chatting and crocheting lol
i cook great italian or so my husband and 5 kids say lol
haha i really should get out more ! mostly , i am home with the family and our cats
oh that is cool ! whats your favorite animal to work with ?
reading is one of my all time favorite things to do ! ! !
hmmm i could eat mexican food every day of my life ! ! ! !
how are u doing today
i am good and not a problem
yes i like to bake cakes
i love to swim too
i have never been out the country
i bet it is if you like not being in the country
damn that is cool and alaska too cold for me
hi how are you doing today ?
i am doing ok what do you do for a living
that sounds fun to do you must be creative . i have never had to work
seems awesome . my mom helped develop an apple phone
that is great what languages do you know
i play video games and listen to music
how are you doing today
it is warm here too
what kind of job are you looking for
what languages do you speak
that is pretty great . when did you learn
that is very nice . i bet you can get a good job .
i am a paralegal and bake on the side
i love to make cookies and cakes
hi how are you ? i can also say this in french and arabic
wow ! i am impressed ! where are you from ? my family comes from algeria
what do you do ? i make coffee
congrats ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
thanks ! i like hiking on weekends . what music do you like ?
that is nice ! i like jazz music and play the piano in a band , which i enjoy
nice ! do you have any pets ?
do you want to go out to play ?
maybe she is in my preschool class ? i like zebras .
there is a white house , then a brown house , and then my house .
yellow ! i like dancing . i like to twirl my dress .
what is a concert ? is it outside ? i want to go play outside .
i like my preschool teacher . she is nice .
i learned my abcs . a b c d e f g !
are you in school ? how high can you count ?
hello , how are you doing ?
very well thank you . what do you do for work ?
do you have animals ? i am a veterinarian .
how nice ! i am an animal lover , so i have decided to become a vegetarian
i love to travel . my favorite place is to go back home to spain occasionally
i love nyc . they have great hip hop clubs
where do you currently live ?
i bet it gets very cold in winter . i am more of a summer person !
hi how are you today ?
i am doing good . where do you work ?
i want to be an artist . but i am terrible .
of things i have done in life . like my guns .
not really . guns are interesting not me .
you just gotta learn . i shoot clay come do it
huoh ! i shot a lion once
oh , i did not notice you . i was meditating .
wherever i am , sometimes at work , sometimes holding up traffic .
i drive a tiny cute car , that is not bad for the environment
marketing mostly , i am my own boss
cool . come do my roof for me
okay , i love drinking it will be really fun
no . i do not like doing things that hurt .
hello how is your weekend going ?
its going well . spent the day outside . do you have any pets ?
how many kids ? i have several different kinds of pets , but no kids .
i prefer spending time with animals lol . your kids are young !
i will bet . are they in school ?
so you get a little break during the day then !
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine thank you jesus .
oh so sweet thanks i do not order somethings on the internet
my mom and dad are public defenders working is okay .
yes they are . i can not stand wearing small swim suits
i like the winter it is the best season better then summer . oh cool .
i do not order on the internet i do not think i need to .
wow you have a sports car that is so cool . you are so nice .
really wish i could grab a taste nice chatting sweetie god bless you .
my husband and i have two jobs . you married ?
i see . i go to beaches after school . you like beaches ?
oh okay . i love blue on everything . how many jobs you have ?
great ! you enrolled in school ? doug is my husband .
get out ! me too ! when ? blue , married and two jobs . that is me .
yesterday ! our beaches make me happy . you like the color blue ?
hmmm . you make red and blue pottery ?
hello . how are you this evening ?
i am well , i have been with my family all day !
yes . it was fun . we did some gardening .
i used to do that with my husband , but he died last year
yes , he knew it was my favorite hobby . you married ?
nice . i love sipping coffee while enjoying my garden
a little bit of both . when will you move to your new house ?
hello my name is jack and i am a travel agent
i am doing well , gonna be traveling to barbados within a month for business .
that is awesome ! ! ! i like to stay fit , heading to the gym 5 times a week
yeah that makes sense , my parents own a business which i run ,
yeah i mean there are athletes out there that find time to run a business
oh ok that is pretty impressive ! !
that sounds like a good plan goal to have !
it is a lot of work , that is your job
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i am going to look for a job today .
thank you . i have not had any so far .
i started a small computer business .
i am not making enough money to pay rent .
thank you ! do you have any hobbies ?
oh , i know nothing about opera .
hi how are you tonight ?
right on . tell me about yourself . what do you do for work ?
what kind of movies ? i work on comic books .
wow . that is a lot . at night i am a doorman for a punk venue .
so did i ! i am very passionate about music .
i agree . it was very nice to talk to you too .
it is late . but i am up for that for a minute .
i play bass in a metal band and help run sound for metal shows .
i play everything . bass , guitar , drums . i am an instrument guy .
hello . how are you tonight ?
that is good to hear . i am tired . 3 jobs for 6 years is tiring .
i work on cars , favorite is a mustang . i also raise pits and chihuahuas .
i walk 2 miles to my favorite restaurant every day .
yes exactly ! i also walk to the movies at least once a week .
that is so cool . i have never been there myself .
what do you like to do for fun ?
hi there ! how is it going ?
oh really ? what are you studying ?
well i am not saying anything else . . . jk
you better stay away from my anus
do like the police ? cause i am police
that is cool . i ride a horse to work
scuba diving is a workout i guess
hi how are you doing
i am hanging out with my dogs
i have five rescue dogs
that is so cool yoga and puppies
i read a lot what about you
i love shopping what stores do you like
hey hello this evening to you
cleaning up sad about my girl
she left me i cannot believe it
i do not know i miss her so
i will but i work nights she hates it
i work on these phones i hate
which ones ? i miss her so much
good morning , hows it going ?
enjoying my last days of summer , college bound in october .
i want to save lives so a doctor i shall be
cool . i like animals but cannot have any , allergies .
nope i am just a student , how about you ?
interesting . you save the animals .
hello , my name is sven .
i am doing great . where are you from tracy ?
i have a nice attic apartment in portland oregon .
its starting to get cold . i cuddle up with my pet skunk .
i am used to cold my brother thinks he is a viking and likes the cold .
i read italian literature , you ?
i have a masters degree in italian literature , its a passion .
i lost my dog bob fishing , i hope that i find him soon .
i am lonely making boats without bob around .
make boats and think about eating people
just think about it , i would never do it , easier to eat fish
i hope bob finds something to eat , i think i hear him scratching at the door .
it is him ! i am going to cook him a steak .
t bone , i got to get the bbq going
san francisco and where are you from ?
hi , how are you today ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy fishing . i am going out on my boat today .
i enjoy it . i also fish for a living . you ?
where do you live ? i am in nc . cape hatteras .
i love being outside . especially at the beach .
yes , i actually live right on the beach .
how are ya friend ? fine day for farming !
yes sir ! got me a whole pile of chickens . what do you do ?
ha , my v8 hemi truck would squish that little thing . where you work ?
that is a good one . back home in Kansas we hunted and fished when we could !
i would try . farming is routine , eggs for breakfast , chores all day . boring !
yup . farm is in Kansas , i am here to sell livestock . where you from ?
from the big city ! chickens mostly , love them birds . good money too .
hello how are you , i am new to the springfield , mo area
i have been to the movies
i do not believe so i do not watch movies more of a writer
i write about bbq so sorry no diet books
i am able to eat so much bbq because i do projects around my house
well it is my first house so i have painted and redid the bathroom
other than movies and eating what do you do for fun ?
hi ! what do you do for fun ?
i like banging on the drums ! do you have pets ?
i have three dogs . one of them is a service dog . i like rock music
i like riding my bike . and i really should work out more but i hate it
so does yoga help lower blood sugar ?
that would be helpful . i have to measure every day .
i will have to look those up . i have to count my carbs regularly
exercise lowers it too but i do not do it as much as i should
hey how are you today ?
they are okay ! do not have much time for them though , i have work and 2 girls .
hanging out with my girls and husband . he is busy a lot though , he is a lawyer .
same . i work as a kennel assistant . that is how i got 3 dogs . you ?
pug , boston terrier , and a lab mix ! they are a handful .
aw that sucks ! how do you bathe ?
hmm there is not much else i can think of , what about you ?
that sounds awesome ! i bet you get sick of sweets , huh ?
hello how are you today
i am doing great although my feet hurt from waiting tables at a cafe
when did you become a vegetarian ? what influenced you ?
i can understand that . i try to watch what i eat as well
i like to make clothes by sewing
what make and models do you like
my mom worked as a nurse and so i followed her lead and became a nurse
helping people get well is very rewarding
hey , friend . how is it going ?
yeah , my son hated his braces a lot back when he wore them .
your mom is right . it is important to take care of teeth . how old are you
my son is about your age and he wants to be a football player .
me neither ! i spend too much time making video games .
it is . i have done over 65 games and i want to start my own company .
work hard and i am sure you will be ! do you like ponies ?
they are lovely animals . my wife is a fan of them .
hi ! how are you doing today ?
very well , thank you . where do you live ? i am from ireland
the meat and potato country ! i would rather eat sweets though
i never got to finish school . i take care of my parents
i enjoy being with my sister and her kid
i have both ! i wish i had a fish . is your fish big ?
spot ! one day i will get a fish
hi how are you today ?
sounds fun ! i am todd what is your name ?
nice ! any hobbies ? i am really into comic books .
traveling is great ! have you gone anywhere recently ?
awesome ! do you have any favorite super heros ? mine is superman
i have not are they nice ?
wow that is a lot !
i bet you can make nice things from their wool .
hi there i am in high school
that is cool . i can't wait to graduate and move out
do you have a favorite animal ?
wow ! do you raise them for money ?
neat my dad is very strict we can't even get a cat !
its ok my best friend lives on a farm so i can see hers
i just missed my favorite show ! !
same here . now i will have to hope to catch the encore of game of thrones
bet they are upset . i hear its a good show
i have spent the day watching movies and tv . not much else to do considering .
i bet . has the storm impacted your work any ?
you are a developer or it specialist ?
i am doing an online study while waiting tables . i have a brown hair and love rose
why do you like it ? its not good .
its made from a cow humans do not need cow milk
why you really love the cheese ?
but still its not safe have you watched the film what the health ?
just eat fruits and vegetables it will help you a lot
but cow in the us do not eat grass they eat processed food
you watch the wrong farms lol
hello , how are you this evening ?
that sounds fun . i am a competitive skier .
i have never played . is it hard ?
that is so nice . no one comes to watch me , they say its too cold .
not during ski season , i burn a lot of calories that way. I wish I could go skiing with you one day.
i do . i have to make it up the mountain .
it is . it is a great workout . you should try .
what are your hobbies ? anything unusual ?
hey how are you doing
great up here with my 3 cats haha
yes i do , i enjoy going to foreign countries
that would be traveling , what about you ?
nice do you have brothers and sisters
i am the only child , that is sounds cool having bro and sis
i enjoy jazz and r and b
hey hows it going tonight ?
i hear that . i am over here feeding my pet skunk . what about you
oh ? how do you mean my good sir
haha i know what you mean . i am gonna paint my nails . any good color ?
youre a wild man i see . lets fight to the death
i see . i was thinking more of a green color
the apple does not fall far from the tree i guess haha
winter is coming . . . lol my brother swears he a viking or something
hello friend ! just got home from church
i have been a christian for many years and love my church
i like to read stephen king books too
i only play simple ones lol
i am usually too busy at work with my job as a vet tech love animals
www . i have a cat named radar
i have been known to be a night owl myself .
me too i totally understand
hey , how are you today ?
good , good ! i am doing great thanks . so , what are your hobbies ?
awesome ! is he a good boy ?
who needs friends when you have a dog !
absolutely ! dogs are always loyal . so , where are you from ?
cool ! boston is a great city .
hey how are you today ?
doing alright kid woke me up last night getting ready for work
hope you get better sleep and just going for a run
make money and got to go to the store . you ?
fun sunday coming up just a good day to relax
drives is relaxing my wife and i like to hit the road at our age
well since son doing so well in school we will go to orlando
hola , my name is rosa .
i love cats too . i have a ginger cat .
nah , just me and ginny the ginger cat . do you drive ?
i do like to take road trips in my red car .
really ? i have red everything , purse , lipstick .
would she think my red shoes are evil ?
hey there , i learned to cook from my mom before she died .
i was only eighteen when she passed but three years later , i own a restaurant .
it is russian cuisine , that is where she was from . mexican is good though .
i have not . my dog is the security . he looks vicious but he is gentle .
how long have you been a vet ?
working every day . it is our busy season .
i take a couple of weeks in the winter and go skiing .
hi how are you on this beautiful day ?
it was long ! i write comics and i was rejected from a publisher today .
i love to paint and draw . i also love what i do with the comics .
i have thought about a new profession if i get rejected again .
i am vegetarian trying very hard to be vegan .
thank you ! the only thing is i really love cheese !
good luck with your car sales . everyone needs a car !
hi how are you today
i am still in school . what do you do for a living
that sounds like its a lot of driving .
i like kane brown he is a new artist
wow you know of kane to that is awesome . no i am to young for kids
is she close to her terrible twos
i am sure it will not be that bad . i wish my mom would share her shoes
i only have a pair she has over 400 pairs its not fair
hey how are you today
i am watching halloween movies . what kind of music do you like
i listen to folk music it is so popular around here
halloween is one of my favorites too . do you like to hike
i live near the appalachian mountains
i do not have time for the gym i can only hike on weekends .
yeah they do . where do you work
i market a nursing home
hey anyone up for some fishing at the lake this weekend ?
maybe for you , i will pass , gotta stay healthy being a personal trainer
it is a grind really , but i love staying fit , fishing and hiking .
i bet . name is dave by the way and from downtown vegas .
rather go hiking but hey tea sounds nice .
sounds good , what is your name ?
i will pm you my number rufus . look forward to meeting you over tea .
hello , how has your day been ?
listening makes my dogs happy , and me
are you male or female , was your hair long ?
also female work in entertainment . is your so deployed ?
that is terrible , their service is appreciated , as is your sacrifice .
praying for a homecoming just in time for your hair to be grown back
hi there , what is your name ?
i am great , just got home from band practice .
i play jazz piano . what do you like to do for fun ?
me too , on the weekends i like to go hiking . what is your profession ?
very interesting , i am a barista . if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak every language in the world fluently.
bob ross is awesome . i speak arabic , english , and french . do you like to travel ?
i have always been interested in being vegan . but , i really like meat haha .
i have not traveled much . never really leave the country . you been anywhere really cool ?
hi there , how are you today ?
is it really . my wife and kids love me to cook steak every night at home
whats not possible ? i do not listen to rock much , i am a country farmer who herds cattle
no , but my name is william after my dad who did . people call me bill
sounds smart , we just drive the truck on my small farm near grand rapids , michigan
why do not you take some lessons ?
what else do you enjoy ?
hi ! its nice to meet you !
who knows ? i like to play it by ear . do you have any plans of your own ?
what did you do before this ? i hate working online , it makes me feel poor .
oh god , i need much more than that to support my shopping habit . do anything for fun ?
i like listening to my neighbors fight at all hours of the night . juicy drama !
guess it makes me shallow , but i love it . i also wish i had their dog
a havanese ! i want one , but its too much commitment . have any pets ?
hey there ! how is it going ?
sweet ! got any plans for the weekend ?
haha sounds good ! i got a date with a new chick tomorrow night .
dude i am all about sports so you know i love nike ! so you single ?
me too man . i have spent way too much time on girls instead of studying !
i hear that dude . but i always attract the crazy ones .
nope too much fun to be had instead of sleeping . night time is party time .
sounds rough man ! thanks for the chat , good luck with that rap battle .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing good just relaxing
what do you do for a living ?
cool that is great to know
i work from home , have for years
i am not a shy person but i keep my circle small .
me too i always have
hi . how are you today ?
i am listening to iron maiden which is my favorite band .
fun ! my hobby is making d models , mostly video games .
me too . my favorite is italian food . i am eating it while watching netflix with the family .
i am also trying to become successful like my dad .
what else do you like to do ?
that sounds like a fun way to cook
hi how are you doing
i like cats do you like reading
that is a nice thing to do i love reading in teh sun
how old are your kids
that is cool what kind sof animals do you hunt
cool what kind sof music do you like
hi i am really into fast food
my day job takes all my time , so fast food works well for me
no , i do not . do you have animals ?
if you make clothes out of their fur i would buy that
that is too bad , i could rock that look .
i live in ca , but my parents are from japan . you ?
do you farm ? i am a teacher for kids
hi ! i just got off of work teaching . what about you ?
oh yeah ? did your ex like mexican food ? it is my favorite .
where did you grow up ? new hampshire for me .
do you enjoy reading ? i do , especially history books .
how about movies ? i love going to the movies ! but it is too expensive !
do you like to sing and dance ? i do , but i am not good at both .
so are you married ? do you have any kids ? i have 9 .
i love my teaching job , do you love what you do ?
howdy doo this evening to you fellow chatter
yes , i make lots of friends this i enjoy
not really but i play trumpet in a band at my high school
i am going to be a movie director as soon as i grow up
my dad owns a lot of guns and we have over 600 movies
lets here that when to crack heads are breaking in your home
well a zombie slaying sword will sure come in handy
hey , you got any pets ?
baby , i am real good . just came from the gym
no , i do not . i am not into all those sports
yeah it does , i still have not taken a drink of alcohol in my life
how about I give you a nice massage ?
well then , we are perfect friends for each other lol cheers with water lol
i know I love to sleep , all night , every night
yes , I always dream . but I do not think it's quite appropriate to share such dreams with anyone
I do not believe you understand what dreams I am talking about
something else , way better than just fun dreams
oh no , not lucid dreaming . perhaps dreams for adults 18 if you know what I mean
I am laughing so hard right now , neither do I , I said it just for . . . . . fun lol
you are so funny , you said would love to though , I am dying
stop ! ! ! I can't breathe , you are too much , I can't stop laughing
hi how are you today
i do what kind do you listen to
i like all music really , what do you do for a living
i am in school and volunteer at a mesem so i can work at the smithsonian
i have just always loved that sort of thing . whats the coolest thing you have ever done
church is a good thing . i got to swim with manta rays a few years back
hi , i work for an agency . a marketing agency . i hate alcohol .
lovely ! i would rather read than watch movies .
oh , i see . i love isaiah rashad . that is my favorite singer .
video games are what i like to do in spare time .
why are you not required to talk ?
oh , i see i guess . i like ponies so that is cool you draw them .
well that is not very nice .
yes , but it is very sad .
another morning . feeling sleepy . i need to get more rest !
i got off my game yesterday . binge watched greys anatomy . hardly any sleep .
could not stop watching the show . its addictive . threw me off my schedule .
do you travel to sell ? listen to music while you drive ?
do you listen to music while you bike ? i just cannot stop listening .
love it ! reduit funny . look at it all the time .
i am living with my mom . she is the best . does not charge me rent , either .
you know , justin bieber is highly under rated as a musician .
i am good hope you are doing well
i am a twin and i like yoga .
it is great we are not identical
we like to drink coffee all the time
i like to eat chocolate cookies with it
sounds exciting i love to move
i get tired of seen the same things
haha i love to dance in the rain
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am fine . i just got done in my garden . what are you doing ?
where did you learn to sew ?
i can definitely understand that . i love vegetables so i decided to grow them .
currently it is black . how about you ?
there is nothing boring about brown hair .
no , i say i am average at 5 4 . are you vertically challenged ?
ll , i know . at least tall people have their fat spread out more .
hi how are you today
i am doing great catching up on the voice
its a show i watch i just got back from deployment missed a lot
i was in cuba . read books and swim
swimming is really fun . what do you like to do besides compete
i like fiction it gives me a break from reality
hello ! how many languages do you know ?
that is really cool . i am a genius too !
i would like to move but i own a house .
i would like to move but i own a house .
but i did not go to school
that would be great ! how can you help ?
that is so nice of you !
fun ! do you like international business men ?
hi how are you this evening ?
my twin brother loves doing that
my favorite thing is baking cakes , and you ?
that sounds fun ! do you like to read ? my favorite is david copperfield .
that sounds like more fun !
awesome ! who is she ? i like to tap dance and have one competitions
thanks ! where do you work ?
wow 2 celebrities in your family !
how are you doing today
how long have you known here
why have you not told her
what does that have to do with telling her
is she an imaginary person
oh i see . you have had an adventurous life .
what was wrong with the world ?
with what ? do tell please .
hello how are you today ?
hi todd my name is lee
yes he is my favorite too
i am 10 years old
yes . my favorite one is captain underpants
that is great ! i want to be a nurse
yes that is right , i love helping people .
i cannot wait to be a nurse so i can help the sick
hi there ! my least favorite food is salad .
what do you like to cook ? i have no idea how to cook personally .
i like anything my mom cooks . she stayed home to raise us .
yeah she was amazing . she helped me graduate valedictorian from high school .
she is . . . just meant when i was growing up . eventually i moved away from home .
san francisco originally . i moved to nyc . so i never get her cooking anymore, but I wish I could visit San Francisco to try your mom's cooking.
unfortunately not . i could really use the skill . kitchens here are just as small .
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i teach yoga to people
yeah i can teach you
i have one in my backyard
over 10 years then yeah
i do not do you
that is a painful book series
good evening . how are you tonight ?
i have been better . i owe 35 , 000 to visa .
sad , i know . do you tutor ? i am flunking out of school .
i am not catholic but feel at peace when outside .
i sure can . i dream of surfing in australia .
it makes life fun and challenging .
i am not sure what they eat down under !
how are you , and today it is my birthday
am a fashion designer an love making dresses
okay how do you normally spend your birthdays
so you do not make parties to invite friends ?
why is it because you do not have friends ?
is it that you have all the time for your work and none for friends
i finished school but planning to go for masters next year
so i am feeling pretty good today . how about you ?
aw , that sounds awful . let me guess , not compatible ? or did this person cheat ? !
astonishing ! what a horrible , horrible man . . .
just enjoying the single life ! enjoying my 6 piece chicken mcnuggets , etc .
no ex can ruin the mcnuggets . ever ! trust me , you will see the light again . . . at mcdonald
. . . oh god .
hey how are you doing ?
oh do you have a boat ?
oh that is cool , any siblings ?
i have a younger sister
not bad . do you like sports ?
i am a soccer player . do you have any pets ?
me too , a golden retriever
oh that is cute , i love dogs
hi how are you today
yeah do you work then
i see do you have family
oh do you ever go camping
i leave the house to camp
then you should go leave
tell them to leave you alone
whats the most interesting thing about you ?
i love got ! my dogs name is corky . he is a pug
i have not yet . what do you do for fun ?
i love going to the mall . i do a lot of window shopping
it really does . i have to be careful . no guy likes a shopaholic
if i am not at the food courts at the mall , i am at the tennis courts
hey , new friend ! what are you up to today ?
exercise is good ! ca not say i do enough of that !
that is a great name . where do you and bella live ?
i , too , like the heat ! in fact i absolutely adore the desert .
love to cook ! especially meat . meat is my favorite food !
oh , i am sorry to hear that . haha !
hello , how are you ?
oh , me too ! any plans for the weekend ?
i am going to a concert and maybe try the new italian place after .
5 star symphony , its orchestra .
lol . where do you work ?
i am a librarian , in pittsburgh . the river makes for great kayaking .
hi how are you today
we are watching the game and having beer
the ravens what is the deal with the hubby ?
that is men for you . do you have kids ?
wow, that is a handful we have two
they can be great fun though especially with football
is he on a team ?
that is great is he looking to go pro ?
hello , i relieved myself on my mothers favorite rose bush .
oh yes , she did not buy any ginger snaps like i asked .
i do that as well , not while i am hiking up volcanoes though .
i love doing the rundisney halfs , i drive there in my prius .
no , i am on the east coast and i had to work .
nope . ohio here . surprisingly , there are a lot of them here .
hello there ! how are you today ?
i am fine . whats on your schedule for today ?
working as well . then a movie at home later
pretty woman . i have seen it probably 67 times
that is a good one , but very sad
i am a nurse so i do not have much fun
its scary , but once you start to get the hang of it you will like it
er . keeps me on my toes
hi how are you doing ?
i think i will cook spaghetti
what do you do for a living ?
i like to listen to music
that sounds a lot like me
i am an assistant for a realtor
you ever been chased by a lion ? i like shopping on weekends . you ?
for what ? i know oliva pope personally . i have not been on a boat ever ? you ?
i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . some women wear 12 size shoes . you ?
what was not nice ? what meat do you eat ? you travelled to europe ? i have .
i see . my boyfriend and i take dance lessons . you dance ?
good . women with big feet can be sexy too ! you sing ?
but do you sing ? do you have to shop at special stores to get shoes ? i do .
hmmm . your paper report on europe ?
hey how are you doing ?
oh ? what is your favorite movie ?
oh well do you have any kids ?
took you ? what do you mean ?
oh that is no big deal , i am a painter i like the weird
why do you do this ?
oh , nothing wrong with that . do you exercise ?
oh i see , well i like walking . superheros do not work out ?
hey how are you ? just got finished with my daily run .
oh did you lose your job ?
i am sorry to hear that . where is home ?
okla . do u have hobbies ? dancing for me and i played hockey long ago .
i have a hard time with some things due to asthma .
do u have a large family ?
i have two brothers . one older one younger .
hi, names tommy i love at home how are you
i love my new iphone what do you use
i love all phones . . my favorite snack is oreos and i only use red mugs
cool do you travel i do every year
i love going to florida cause i fear flying and have yet to try hawaii
mine is bulma cause i am bossy
its from dragon ball i love manga
i take long hot showers and yes i have sung in some
bonjour my friend how are you
i was thinking about playing some futbol tonight
i also love to paint pictures
i like to draw portraits of my family
perhaps i am getting used to living in the us
the time change is not easy on me
i cant wait for summer camp to start !
hi ! what is your favorite kind of music ?
i hate country music too . probably because i do not know how to dance to it
hmmm do you like volunteering ?
yeah mine too . . washing hair that is down to your knees is a pain huh ?
i know right ? so am i the only one wondering if we are twins ? !
the volunteer thing mostly . though i wonder if i make my money in singles . . .
oh i am just being silly . what do you say to your twin ?
hi i love the color red and i am searching for work .
i am looking for csr position possibly work from home .
i love to spend time alone with my dog .
a golden retriever . he is quite friendly , sometimes he walks me because
i am short , my two siblings who are younger than me are taller than me
i understand my siblings pick on me .
lol yeah , it is not always bad .
ever been to chicago ? i own a bar there
about 10 years , which is probably why i have been married so many times
nice ! whats your favorite subject ?
i hated gym class . too much running .
my favorite subject in school was spelling . i actually won the spelling bee in 3rd grade
i am originally from la but when i got married i moved with my husband to chicago
yeah , the weather is great . where are you from ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?
very nice ! i like reading
romance ! i grew up on a big farm so i had a lot of time to read
i never been , i just moved to virginia from pennsylvania
no , i have stayed in the us my entire life
i am very close to my parents and do not want to leave them
wow you are tall ! do you like doing crafts ?
nice ! i like doing beadwork
how are you doing today ?
i see , you should paint a pic of me around plants as a child with brown eyes .
yeah the green things . . . . . . . your body needs more than that .
god bless your soul . i have a lizard as a pet . gila is her name .
i am sure she does not . there is different variations of cooked fish .
people who love purple do not like contractions .
i totally understand what your saying .
well maybe you should get to know yourself .
hey , will you take me to starbucks ?
can my cat come with us ?
cool , do you want to go swimming ?
cool , i like frank ocean a lot
i want to go there , plant some roses
i would love to . it would be the best
red , pink , yellow , white , orange
good , maybe you will want to marry me too
i am making pasta for dinner , want to come ?
no i need carbs so i have energy to run
my living room is full of trophies from races i
my husband works , not me .
that is interesting . i love to cook so i just spend my time on that .
oh no ! that must make it hard to work with children .
really ? we are thinking of having children soon .
hey !
how are you ? my name is sarah , whats yours ?
nice to meet you becca , i have a student with that same name
wow ! that is crazy
i have been reading books about veganism , i have been thinking of making the change to it , myself
i teach 5th grade math
hello , how are you ? i just got home from playing racquetball at the gym .
i do have a pup , he is amazing .
i agree , that is why i watch a lot of tv .
i eat Italian and read poetry , lol . i am boring too
have you read Middlesex ? i love forensic files and Jeopardy .
i do not drink alcohol and i am a vegetarian .
i prefer a nice eggplant parm and manicotti
mine always is . the secret is in the cheese .
hi , how are you ? do you have any pets ?
wow that is crazy , i only have to take care of my lizard .
i do not like kids , i was an only child so i was not around any .
i do too , its peaceful being alone in my garden with my plants .
i love purple orchids , what is your favorite ?
they do , but sometimes they mess up my allergies . its worth it !
most retired people just sit around , gotta keep moving to keep healthy !
hi there , how are you ?
oh feeling good . my house is sparkling clean . love cleaning
i have kids too , but i do not cook . we mainly eat fast food and love it
yeah i do , i do not have a lot of energy after cleaning .
no , unless being a stay at home mom is a sport ? or watching movies
definitely watching a lot of movies .
i would say so ; how about you ?
the harry potter movies are the best !
hi ! what do you like to do for fun ?
that is neat ! i like zebras and playing outside with mommy and daddy .
i do ! i have a roommate too ! my little brother but we go to preschool together .
no but my daddy lets me sip . what do you want to be when you grow up ?
that is cool . i want to be a spaceship driver !
i climb trees . what do you like to listen to ?
do you play any instruments for fun ?
hi you doing today
well i am stuck , no technology , just being savage
that is something i never heard
ok , well due to remoteness , , i feel trapped
i am sorry to hear that , writing is cool to do
using my mind , and telepathic powers
i do not not ingest animal products
i prefer to local myself at the beach
i own a duo of felines
my preference of food is strawberries
my job is at a hospital for animals
i only eat vegetables and legumes
i own one cat and one cat
hello . how are you today ?
awesome ! i am looking to do the same by entering the music industry
wow that is awesome . i am still studying for my degree , how about you ?
wow congratulations ! my dad works with cars and mom works in call centers
i currently do not have a job , i am a full time student
i know it . all the equipment i need is seriously draining my savings .
oh i see . do you usually get generous tips ?
hi there ! what do you do for a living ?
oh wow ! that must be an interesting job !
hiking is great ! my favorite hobbies are watching movies and sleeping , though .
i have never been . i work as a personal chef so i am too busy to travel .
they are great ! i love creating recipes and music sometimes can help inspire me .
wow ! that is quite impressive ! what is your family like ?
oh gosh . that is so very sad . i am sorry to hear that !
hello . its a shame i do not like coffee , i can use a wake up call .
i have to get up early and walk to work tomorrow . do you work ?
i have a job in finance . if you need help budgeting while you shop , let me know .
that reminds me , i need new soccer shoes . do you play any sports ?
nice ! i am not flexible enough for dance . i love watching so you think .
yes ! its such a good show .
i love portabella mushrooms before going for a walk .
i think it just makes me feel healthier so it makes me happy .
wow 4 ? amazing , i would not be able to tolerate that many .
that is reasonable . i need more music on my ipod .
bluegrass ! i love it . i can play that music all day .
oh no , if i was you i would talk to it . are your afraid of it ?
they must be happy to be seen . i would hate to be invisible .
maybe you need to know their names .
hello . how has your day been ?
busy too ! but now i am relaxing in my apartment in portland .
that sounds fun . i am just painting my nails green .
my brother does not paint his nails either . he is like a viking .
nope haha . my pet skunk is currently running around .
oh yuck ! yeah he is good . i talk to him in italian .
hi there ! do you have any hobbies ?
i am pretty crafty . i would like to travel . where have you been recently ?
cool ! i crocheted a purple scarf last fan . that is my favorite color .
i love the iphone ! i am actually looking for work and thinking about applying to apple .
yes , that is a great perk ! what do you do for work ?
nice ! are you in school ?
i am a senior also . do you have a favorite subject ?
hi how are you
what kinds of hobbies do you have ?
that is cool i am pretty outdoorsy . i like hiking
haha what job do you have ?
that is cool . i just started a new job a few months ago . still feel like i am learning
what else do you like ?
hha that is always fun . i am kind of into art
hi there . tell me about yourself . i love cars and traveling .
feel better . i had two vintage ford mustangs but sold them .
i am currently taking college classes . science is my least favorite class .
i refurbish and sell cars , but i love my purple corvette .
mustangs and corvettes . i paint some purple and keep them . my favorite color .
my dad helps , but he works full time for ups . otherwise , just me .
yes , i love it . what hobbies do you have ?
hi ! i am a chicago univ student of psychology .
ll that is funny . i also work two jobs as an event planner and at a retail store .
i love the blue sky, blue oceans, in fact, anything blue .
wow ! i would love deep-sea diving. never done that before .
i can imagine that . i love adventures of all sorts .
i have done white river rafting, mountaineering, and have tried almost all scary rides. ll
is there anything good happening with you today ?
what are you going to study ?
an apple a day , as i always say !
i always get apples as gifts . everyone thinks i love them
really , spaghetti ? why is that ?
i do not like veggies . . . everyone thinks i do though lol
well , i like sports but i am bad at most of them
basket ball is probably the sport i am worst at haha
what do you know a lot about ?
math ? wow . i am only good at badminton .
hi , how are you today ?
yeah , i am having a rough day , another bad break up recently .
true . i find i often am easily distracted though .
i like to talk to everyone and have lots of friends . what about you ?
that is nice . are you in school or work ?
still in school . i wish i did better though .
yeah , i just do not take it too seriously . i rather chat with friends .
i like to do makeup . what about you ?
hi , how is it going ?
nice , nothing like a new pair of shoes
awesome . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a church
i work in the food pantry . do you have any kids ?
i had 5 but unfortunately my twins passed away
thank you . it was 3 years ago
it was difficult but my church family helped me out a lot
my name is john , i like to tell you my hobbies and interest
biking , skateboarding , play guitar and listen to music
oh no , not anymore i had a black dog few years ago
you actually named a snake ? does the name have anything to do with your pet ?
that sounds very exciting , you can ride bikes , listen to music there too
oh well , careers are much more important , you can always move there later . . .
i sell stuff on the internet , not much money but it's a living
hi ! how are you today ?
how do you know that ? spooky .
you are moving to Chicago ? Noah .
very cool . i own a bar down there . come drink you writer .
gotta be a washwacker it seems haha .
of course , but no accidents !
hello , i drive a black suburban .
fine i have been busy driving my kids to sports events . you ?
i wish for things too , like to go to paris and design clothes . good luck !
sounds like something out of a book , i am a member of 4 book clubs .
besides the book clubs i am in the pta and 2 bunch groups
that is cool . tell me more about yourself !
that is nice . well i have to go pick up my kids soon .
cool , it was very nice to meet you
hi , i am busy making kale soup but thought i could chat , too .
you sure can but hurry because my two young kids will be here soon .
i totaled my car and did not get hurt ? are you okay ?
my two kids are under ten and would love to watch you play .
soccer seems to be the game at their school .
you can use the extra iron the kale provides .
anytime as long as i am making a big pot full .
even our two cats eat it . leftovers
hi how are you today
are they brown jack huh
i am a hopeless romantic yo
oh wow how are you smelling toady
well everyone can hike you silly
nice do you have a house
no i reside in my car so i cannot leave it
well i live in my car gash
hey what are you up to ?
sounds yummy ! watching an adventure action movie and eating some popcorn
a sweet desert would be welding collar coasters as i love riding them !
sweet tunes ! next week I am starting a gig for a construction site , you ?
thanks for serving our country , my moms been in the force
beautiful ! i am my mother's second job ha , dad left when i was 5
i miss my wife and kids so much .
back home in the states . i have been deployed in the army for so long .
do you like it there ?
i can understand that for sure .
i cannot play shooters . i am scared of dying in game , not real life .
this is very true . what types ?
i will have to see if i can find a copy of her work here .
that is an impressive number of books .
hello there , how is your day going ?
me too actually , at the hospital . crashed my car for a second time
me too , i feel like i have been watching too much tv
so , you are lonely ? you need to play some sports and get outside like me .
well that is good . water is essential for life , as well as food you know
i hate teaching actually , students are quite annoying
where do you come from ?
hello there , my name is sam !
i am just getting geared up for hunting season ! and you ?
anything good on ? i do not usually watch a lot .
whats that show about ? anything interesting ?
oh okay ! i have heard of that show ! i am a huge fan of animal planet . If I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
very much so . i spend some of my weekend at st . francis, the local animal shelter here
i have three . two cats ; bonnie and clyde . and a german shepherd named bane
what are their furry little names ?
hi , do you want to go to the park ?
cool . i live close so i will not stress about not having a car .
sure , have you ever had a purple fish ?
you should get a pet fish . a purple one .
do you want to be my child ?
do you want to listen to some podcasts ?
anything . there are a whole bunch of different kinds .
yes , we can listen to those .
good evening . finally done with homework
yes , working and schooling is tiring
yum ! make sure to recycle your plastic container afterward
that is nice . where do you live ? i live in california
do you swim with your pet ? i love my dog
great . it has been a good day . i work at goodwill
it is a nice store as long you do not mind spending time looking for things .
i agreed . i love working there . where do you work ?
hey how are you doing today
yea i love music ! have you heard katy perris new single . she is my fave
yea i listen to her while i play softball . pumps me up
yea she cooks a lot more now that she does not work . she was an rn
i live around the corner so i walk . i am a technician . what do you do
i love learning about history and art . do you have a fave artist ?
ll . i am sorry to hear that . what does your dad do for work ? mine does drywall
hello , how are you feeling today ?
yes i do , i do not even own a car .
that is cool . what else do you like to do
i am deaf , so i am not sure if i sing well
i do dance , but i like to scratch my nose
i do too . what is your favorite number ?
i like 7 the best . i like kids too
will you cook me some burgers with cheese ?
do you want to work out with me ?
i want to lift heavy things with you , and go fishing
that is fine , i guess . you make me sad .
i play guitar i guess that is my passion .
no . i want one though
oh , do you want to marry me ?
i am lucky my basketball career with the wizards has made me so rich .
i live in a mansion like a princess might right now . do you like basketball ?
when i was little , i played with a red hoop , back in maryland .
that is wonderful . you must really like princesses .
maybe for christmas i will buy you some . at 35 million , i have the money .
it is a perk of being a professional basketball player . if you practice . . .
what an exciting goal . do you have siblings ? where do you live ?
i had a friend named addison at college in maryland . i miss him .
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
party weekend . . it was great
you should try with ur friends
course . . where are u from now ? ?
great hobby . . i am a small business man
where you travel recently . . anything interesting ?
my friends are big casino players
they usually gets lot of money
hey i am a coach of high school football . whats your job ?
i am started to settle down bought home near the inlaws to be .
my lady is 6 months along so i need to do it u quick .
yes looking forward to coach him one day
planning a surprise proposal if we are winning at halftime of football game
me too living near her parents makes it iffy
i am hoping awesome since i work and will be living locally
hi , how are you today ?
good , i am just listening to some insane clown posse .
oh man me too , sorry i can not help you with that .
i like interior design better , that is what i do for a living .
i am over weight so i do not not out outside much
i have a cat she is the world to me
right , me too . i would be that one cat lady neighbor lol
its so hard for me to shop in stores , i have a break down
i want to but its hard to relax , thank goodness my dad use to be a cop
i was held up in a store
hostage , it was a robbery in the store i was selling furniture too
yes , i tried to block it with bowling , got a big score of 300 twice
i just like to make furniture
hello , what are you up to today ?
that was suddenly deep . why do you think that way ?
material things are pointless . helping others is what determines the worth of a person
are you having a mid-life crisis ? my dad went through that after retiring from the pd .
breads are filling . i mostly eat ramen for lunch at the nursing home i work at .
i know what you mean . i would rather be water skiing .
if it bothers you so much try and change it with a work out .
try distracting yourself with volunteer work or hobbies .
hey there , hows it going ?
that is cool , i am enjoying my retirement
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
well , if you can . . i suggest living next to a park or golf course its so nice !
you got a lot of time left , still plenty of opportunities
you got a lot of time left , still plenty of opportunities
hi how are you today
what kind of music is that ?
what instrument do you play
i play sometime when not in class
i do computer programming and stuff
i am not sure really , you ?
hi there ! how are you
good ! just got off work as an extra for a motion picture ! what do you do ?
i do a few things , another is an aspiring writer
winter winds are cool ! my main hobby would be singing , and you ?
i do , i have two brothers they are actually identical twins . . and you ?
that is neat as well ! what do you do for work ?
i mainly work as an extra for major motion pictures
oh yes it keeps me entertained . something to do when i am not writing anyway
hi how are you tonight
i am sad like always
i still never moved out of my parents house and i am 60
no i just never married
i do not know how to do that
i do not know how to move out
yes but i do not know how it is hard
just got fired to be honest i just need some help
hi how are you tonight ?
do you feel broke because you are broke ?
why wo not your brother help ?
mine either . he plays in the nfl
whats the rest of your hobbies ?
i have horses they rule
you should introduce them to air bud ?
air bud the super dog ?
hi ! just got home from the casino . how are you ?
oh noes ! what did becky do ? did she steal your shrimp ? ? that would annoy me
org ! i love shrimp ! my friends and i go around trying new shrimp places .
me too ! i met a maybe ? vampire last time i went to the mall . scary !
ll my mom is a palm reader . she is awesome .
no , but if you are ever in new orleans she is on bourbon street . walking welcome !
hello , what are you up to today ?
oh , why is that so ?
oh , no . i see why that could be bad .
my life is fine . i was recently featured on the local news .
i organized an adoption day for a local shelter dedicated to pit bulls .
i find sometimes it helps to get away when life has you down .
it could be worse . my dad was a taxi driver in the 70s . he hated it .
hi , how are you today ?
also 7 , don t know why . do you like music ?
i like the guitar , i know how to play very good . do you have kids ?
i love my four daughters , also michigan state troopers , i used to be one
yes , i just love to eat chocolate cake , with extra frosting
it s not weird , normal things .
pretty much everything with extra frosting .
yes , i am married and have four kids
hi , how are you doing ?
everyone is worrying about money
what do you like to do for earning ?
i like to work as a freelancer .
just what i said , freelancing
i am an expert in graphics design . do you like graphics design ?
as a freelancer , i like my job . i like what i do
hey there
where do you live ?
same
irvine
nice , that is pretty close huh
cool . . whats your favorite hobby
hello there . how are you today ?
well you can trust me
that is no fun . new things are exciting
i bought an suv and filled it with dogs !
we go everywhere and they poop everywhere
i have too . but it is worth it
ya . having my space can be good
thoughts always need reorganizing here
hello ! how are you doing this morning ?
i am good . just trying to get my day started for my college classes .
nice . i am trying to be a scientist someday so i have three science classes today . I wish I could have pursued a career in science like you.
no . just 18 . you must have been driving for years now being 25 .
nice ! wish i had a dog and car . stupid bus rides get on my nerves .
i hope so . my dad needs let me use the car more . you live on your own ?
not mine thankfully . still living with the parents . hopefully the dorm by next year .
hopefully ! maybe meet some cool girls . i am kind of awkward .
hello , how are you tonight ? do you live on the water ? i do .
i love that show ! i cannot wait for it to come back next sunday !
i could not get into fear . i switched to teen titans go !
i loved it , same with preacher . i am waiting for ride to come back .
ride with norman , it is coming back in november .
i am not a fan . are you ?
it did not connect with me . are you a star wars fan ?
before rogue one came out , return of the jedi was my favorite .
hi i love pizza pizza pizza
sushi is also my favorite food
i love cooking every day
sure , what is your favorite color ?
i wish she would show me some makeup
i have an extra ten somewhere around here
that sounds like fun . . . not
do you have any pets ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
sounds fun ! i am currently single .
you are just the type i go for .
i am a police officer . what do you do ?
that is exciting . i work security at some sporting events .
i like not having to sit behind a desk , i am also in school .
i play a lot of sports , what do you do ?
those are the calls i respond too the most .
hi how are you today ?
you are writing a book ? are you a chef ?
wow ! what kind of restaurant do you want to open ?
very cool , i love seafood . do you have any other hobbies ?
i love tennis , going to concerts , and watching movies
it is great . i play all the time . i love playing on green grass
really me too ! what are the odds !
hello , how are you today ?
not really , i prefer to dance . specifically tap dance .
yes ! i have won competitions . do you like to dance ?
no , it is just a hobby . what hobbies do you have ?
i enjoy reading too ! what is your favorite book ?
david copperfield is my favorite book , but i prefer utopian novels .
i am a baker , i specialize in cake decorating . what do you do ?
i do not currently have children , but i want to in the future . do you ?
hello , how are you ?
pretty good , graduation is coming up and i am excited !
college . i am studying education and hope to become a teacher as soon as I get my degree
the younger the better , i want to give back !
my first teachers in America really made an impact on my life
my family and I are from Argentina , but we moved to the states when i was five
english and spanish . you ?
hi there , how are you doing ?
walking dead , are you watching it too ?
try to read books , to get you relaxed , i like harry potter books
or game of thrones , those books are amazing ! the series !
how about , maintaining a good diet , try being a vegetarian , it helps me .
this is to help you with your studies , it is effective
oh no , just relax for now
hi there . i day dream a whole lot
i always have bad relationships
and i am very romantic so its hard
i just cant get motivated
i just lay around all day
you are canadian are not you
wow ok you sould smart
i disagree , i am very fat but awesome, if I could settle down in one place, I would love to create a community art project.
hi
i am going to vegas . . . . hbu ?
i live out of my car so i decided to drive to vegas for the weekend
i just dropped out of school last month so i am kinda winging it
i eat what people give me
sometimes i have to go dumpster diving . vegas is great for that
they are the most wasteful . i can get booze too
hi ! do you like to read ? i do !
maybe i have read something you have written while on the beach
i have a very different life surfing in california
good luck ! i am starting a smoothing and juice cafe so i need luck too
that sounds nice . hopefully you can at your new house
enjoy that ! i hope you do not barbecue meat though !
oh no i do not eat any meat and am against hunting
yes that is okay usually but hunting is just awful
hi want to get to know each other ?
wow that is exciting . i prefer tv to dance battles
i love game of thrones , do you watch ?
lol that is too bad dragons are awesome
haha i guess so . do you like winter ?
not me i love cold weather . i buy all the cute sweaters at walmart
well that look works for some people
i hope you mean cheeseburgers
hi , want to get to know each other
me too , i like music do you ?
do you like that ? i would go crazy
do you get to watch movies ?
oh well i love movies , my dad and i collect them
well that sounds a little boring
well whatever suits you . do you have a lot of friends ?
i like to make friends from all walks of life
how are you doing today ?
i agree what do you do for work ?
i am a teacher. I hope to retire and write the rest of my life.
i do not really watch sports.
yea, I do. My dog threw a fart in my face.
I like cuddling with him. He is nasty.
I have two girls. Do you have any kids?
hello hello . how are you ?
i live in the city so it was a bit chilly earlier .
she is from russia ? that is pretty cool . when did your family come here ?
nice ! i bet its tough owning a restaurant huh ?
genuine russian food , i wish we had something like that in this city .
i am based in new york city actually .
actually , if ever you do visit i can show you a really good jazz club .
i have not been there . is it nice there ?
hello , how are you today ?
what kind of games do you like to play ?
you sound adventurous . i like adventure , especially traveling to new places .
what kind of things do you dream of doing when you get older ?
cool . you must be smart . i am more of a creative type .
i like to work with my hands . i enjoy building things .
awesome ! i recently built a greenhouse because i have gotten into gardening .
do you know what kind of things they are growing in their garden ?
hi . i just got off work . i am a police officer in the detroit suburbs
you are welcome . what are you doing today ?
my wife and i like horseback riding and scuba diving .
outside of detroit with my wife and three daughters .
too warm which is weird . i want some halloween kind of weather .
are you in school or do you work somewhere ?
that is cool . drones are everywhere it seems .
do you follow sports , basketball , baseball or any other ?
i am not familiar with comic cons except for big bang theory .
hi how are you doing
is that your favorite music
do you like the color black
i think that he is okay
i like to watch a lot of tv
i watch everything that i can
i do not like doing anything else
do you drive a space craft
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am daydreaming . want to quit job and become a bieber roadie .
what are you guys cooking ?
nice . i hate waiting in line to get food .
i am a prom photographer . i still have my prom pic in my wallet . you ?
a lot of people do . believe me .
ford trucks , i drive em , that is what i drive
i am the police , i am a cop , i am police cop !
probably , i had 3 wives , married each one .
i keep my gun collection in my house , just so you know ;
just my ford truck that i drive is parked outside
i am a cop or police officer , get it ?
care to chat with a Justin Timberlake fan ? he is my fav !
its ok , ev1 has their own
i am a stay at home mom full time to 2 great boys
i enjoy riding horses do u have any hobbies ?
that is wonderful have you played any gigs ?
well , that is okay too have any plans for the weekend ?
oh , so a quiet weekend
today is a beautiful day , but why must i stay in such dismay
i cannot afford a dog when i am living in a log
have you ever lived on a ranch as a rodeo ?
how lucky are you if you ever become an actor ?
i dream to be a noble artist , but i know that is not where my heart is
how much practice , a little or lot , you are special , something i am not
of course we all are , even with our beautiful scars
i shall draw you are special using my last piece of chalk
yes you are beautiful , like an angel from the highest heavens
hello , my kids have a soccer game and a basketball game this weekend .
i love driving in the mountains in my suburban named midnight .
i want to go to Paris and make clothes .
my name is Vodka , what is yours ?
you too ! i like to go out with my friends and party .
we drink apple martinis . fishing sounds fun .
yes , my friends really encourage me .
yes , i do , but in Russia there are few mountains to hike
hello
i do like animals but do not have any .
i do like to travel and love disneyland , never been to disney world
i do like to read . love to read under a tree during the fall
fall and winter are my favorite ! no i am unemployed right now .
nice ! i usually get fired from my jobs because i have trouble waking up early .
good day ! how are you ?
sounds good . i just finished playing my drums and now i am getting ready for work .
cool . i play at the pizza parlor where i work on saturdays .
wow ! i have not traveled much . i grew up in the poor area of chicago .
i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . you did not have anyone to fight with .
that is too bad you got teased . kids can be mean .
hello ! how are you today ?
cats are cool ! i have a cat named Mike Trout
that is fun . i am only 19 and made our college baseball team
ohhhh that sounds like much fun
just the real ones , not a big game person
i like to shop at sport stores
that is really funny ! never wore those
are they really heavy on the shoulders ?
hi . how are you ?
that sound interesting . what is your act ?
speaking of family , i do not want to take over my father's business .
an appliance store . boring .
me too . especially films made in other countries . what is your favorite ?
one dog . he runs beside me when i run . even marathons .
interesting . i never eat out . just at home .
hi there , how are you doing ?
pretty good . just put the three kids to bed .
just grading . i am a high school teacher .
mmm . i love pie . i have a garden in the back of my suburban home too .
me too especially this hot summer we had .
yea , it would have been unbearable without ac .
haha , true . best invention ever .
hi , my name is dan . what is yours ?
hi sara . are you married ?
i like to go camping in the mountains .
books are cool ! what kind of books do you like to read ?
i do not read much . i would like to in the future .
never heard of that band . i just listen to worship music .
i got a boy and girl . thier ages are 12 and 10 .
hi how are you today ?
i am alright . were you homeschooled ?
i was homeschooled . it was awkward, if I could go back in time, I would choose to be homeschooled like you.
do you care about kj though ?
i also deeply love my pets
so many that i have lost count
i cannot connect w people that is why i love pets
hey ! i am pete . i live in san diego . born and raised .
sweet ! what kind of restaurant ?
cool . i go out to eat quite a bit . sometimes it just sucks cooking for one .
that would be awesome ! leave me more time for surfing
whats your fave pizza ? surfing and ladies are my hobby !
cool ! i have thought about opening a surf shop since i love it
i have some investment income i really do not talk about but i should smarter about
hello how are you today ?
doing great ! what are you up to ?
jojoba oil really helps that . i have a nail oil brush and its changed my life
ink how that even happened lol . i talk a lot i guess
today was a very strange day indeed
hurricanes , earthquakes , wildfires , tsunamis , quite an eventful week for natural disasters
i am not normally so verbose
hello from a friendly fisherman from cape hatteras
gorgeous day . i am feeling great . went for a ride in my boat today
what kind of food is that . of course i l love to eat fish , prefer tuna !
how beautiful ! is your mom still living ? mine passed last year . sad ! If only I had the chance to travel back in time and spend more time with my mother before she passed away.
what breed of dog ? that is great .
you are blessed to have such a lovely dog . do you take him down by the water ?
come down to cape hatteras and enjoy the water with our family !
hi , my names is brett and my cat sam is amazing
i am pretty average for my weight . not quite thin but not fat either .
i also enjoy sewing or doing needle work . i have brown hair
i am pretty good at it . its not that hard to do .
a lot of flower embroideries because i am good with those .
that is awesome maybe you can give me a snap shot of it
i am on facebook which is great
not many and do not care to have many followers
hi ! what are your hobbies ? i like to eat home-cooked meals .
that is great . mine too . long walks on the beach , good music , etc .
i like walks too . especially when the sky is blue , that is my favorite color
how fun ! do you like to decorate ?
i like podcasts too . there is a great one on pop music that i listen to regularly .
do you believe in ghosts and spirits ?
that is fascinating . i have never had that experience . all ordinary !
hi there . i hope you like football !
well you could say i am into college football but i love nfl
sometimes i read and watch movies . want to know what kinds ?
i love sci fi and horror films , and fiction books are my favorite
i have been playing on my fantasy football league all evening
no , not really . i love dogs ! especially great danes . i have two
i believe the queen of england loves them also
she sounds like a cool lady . dogs are so special !
hi i am a work from home mom so i can be there for kids
soccer is my kids' sports we practice daily
i coach cheerleading on the side when kids are out of school
we watch old movies a lot when i cook
family time matters most i did not have it so lucky
god is my helped with my child birth
almost lost my son due to complications
i am happy to have kids growing up doctors said i would never
i am still in school a i make good good grades , all as
i am like a social butterfly since i am apart of the band .
what subject an grade does your mom teach ?
i like hip hop an i love salads an fruits .
cool what grade does she teach ?
who is it you know ? wonder if i like the artist .
i like to climb mountains .
i am not good at art , but i like to play with models of clay .
once , in africa , i shot a lion . it made me feel like an alien .
i cried during gone with the wind , but i laughed when i shot the lion .
i am the most interesting man in the world .
what is your gender , assuming you have one ?
one day mount everest will worship me . i am the best .
what is a pan gender ? do they cook well ?
hello , it is nice to meet you
relaxing i like to explore outside and watch tv . and you ?
wow that does not sound too good . i had it before
nice ! i enjoy collecting figures of my favorite tv series
i like anime . it is the best ever . how about you ?
awesome , do you have any hobbies ?
cool , i do not play much cards . but i like the money aspect
hi , how are you doing today ?
pretty good thanks . i am a car salesman , what do you do ?
sounds nice . i go shoot hoops after work , i love to play basketball .
my wife runs after work . she is a hairdresser .
not much anymore . i do enjoy a few Coors though , my favorite beer .
have to have some downtime for yourself . life is crazy .
that is a good combination . hope everything goes well for you .
hello what do you like to do ?
that is awesome , me and my best friend like to make music .
i like hip hop and rap , what sports do you watch with your friend ?
that is great ! i have wrote some songs on sports with my friend .
me too , i would like to spend more time at home . what about you ?
what do you do what you hang out ?
what do you enjoy drinking when you are at the bars ?
my music instructor , who taught me since i was 5 , drank a lot of wine .
hey , how are you doing today
oh wow . congrats on that
i am trying to do that but i am failing this wk
i love to read the bible . it helps me prepare for the next day
i work in a coffee shop on week days . and work at craft shows on week ends
that is cool . i like to design jewelry
i try to at the craft shows i attend on weekends
near birmingham al . i live in apartment close to there with my future husband
good morning . how are you feeling ?
maybe you can read about the ocean . i adore books and they help .
well i will pray you get to the ocean soon . a christian prayer .
he is more frightening than all of the stephen king books i love .
ll . . . yes i love horror movies and this is definitely one of them
sounds more exciting than my job as a vet tech
i suppose you are right about that .
hi how are you today ?
i am doing ok . . . watching superman always makes me feel good !
i hate to fly because i hate heights ! are you married ?
no . all of my girlfriends have cheated on me . . . but i am dating a nice girl now .
i have never been to canada . do you play any instruments ?
funny but i can make fart noises . . . under my arms ! and i am not too bad !
is it really gross ? i think its funny . i hate clowns too .
hello how are you tonight ?
that is good to hear i am well . do you have a favorite book ?
my book is anne of green gables . what does your mom and dad do for a living ?
mom is a teacher and dad is a tax man .
i once won a pageant but it really was not worth the time . how about you ?
too my time invested in something trivial . do you have hobbies ?
hello ! my name is granny jean
yes , my gran kids have been swimming the day away .
truthful same here , i can sit by the fire with a good book .
oh my grandson loves them their dancing maggy song is nice
why . . . you are a peculiar .
same as my hero . . well i am a career army wife , i dress proper
i have 2 grandkids that are cashiers and 2 in high school .
hola
how are you ?
i like the outdoors , netflix , shopping . how bout you ?
that is cool . what state do you live in ?
i live in north carolina . i used to live in nebraska .
wow , how did you like that ?
you did not miss anything , school has always been super cliquey .
hi , do you like music ?
wow , my mom is a music teacher too
i do . i bought my violin second hand
that is interesting . my pomeranian and i like flea markets
animals are great . my sister plays her clarinet for her birds
you sound pretty wild , i like that
i doubt that . do you like competitions ?
i have placed in a few violin competitions
hi how are you today ?
i am good . i have two golden retrievers .
i have never seen that show . is it good ?
i usually watch movies more than tv
is anime like the circus ?
oh i see . are they are children ?
hi how are you today
what are your goals then ?
that is a little straight forward
no why do you mean trashy ?
oh that is too bad who was she ?
i get it do you speak other languages ?
italian is my fluent language
hello , are you into exercise ? i love to run .
my children are my motivation . i take care of the home while my husband works .
i make a great beef stew , but when it comes to baking i burn everything .
i enjoy watching the show face off . do you watch it ?
you should pick up the season 1 blu ray on your drive home from work .
i am cooking pasta for dinner and then going for a run .
i am busy tonight since my husband has to work late .
my husband and i got married in 2010 . it was a face off themed wedding .
hey how is your night
pretty good , i am eating hungry all the time
i am eating cereal , i work and eat all the time
security guard , i feel a corvette would complete me
i plan to go to bowling green ky and due so , i want to go to museum
that is awesome , what do you like to do ?
that is awesome , i would love to hear play
i like dolphins and plays . you act ?
great ! you ever killed anyone ? i know oliva pope personally .
wow ! chicken wings are our friends . you sing ?
get out ! me too ! i am on YouTube . you ?
you ever chased a lion ? my dad sells TV ads . you dance ?
i see . merna jean the dolphin is my best friend . you married ?
wow ! i host a TV channel and i sing , dance and act . any children ?
hello friend how are you doing ?
good . where are you from ?
i am from syracuse ny and love the buffalo bills
too old ? i do not think anyone is too old
yes , but you could still enjoy watching them
yes ! we have season tickets and look forward to going
no , our whole family bought season tickets so we go as a family
hello there , what would you like to know about me ?
i work at target , not the best job in the world . . . ll
nice ! i have a house in california
no , but i love to see movies every few weeks
do you have any pets ?
i have a dog , after work everyday i buy him dog treats
hey ! you must be a night owl like me being up so late !
great ! i just bought new earrings so i would say that is a successful day ! what about you ?
that is fun ! i love animals ! i have a cat charlie but he is mean . what do you do ?
hmmm mine sounds lame now . i am just an artist .
oh i did not say i was rich ! lol i live off pizza ! glad its my fav !
none here . what about you ?
that is awesome ! were you born in the us ?
same here ! good ol kentucky for me .
hello how are you today ?
i do not work out . i do love music , especially 2000s indie .
my voice is awful . i am going to school to be a school teacher .
no kids . i do love my dog though !
not really . i have a hard time because i have a short temper .
i am ! are you ? what foods do you like ?
i love deep dish pizza although i am very picky . not married . you ?
no not adopted . i would like to be married .
mittens get off the table already !
very well thank you ! sorry about that i was talking to one of my cats
oh , i am a veteran . helping all the kitty cats and dogs live healthy lives !
i am from san francis , and yourself ?
sweet . do you have any animals ? i actually have a few . mainly cats though .
my sister has dogs . . . she is a dog person , she lives in canada
a little bit of everything really . . . just a few minutes ago i was listening to some whale song
hmm , title track says hearts in atlantis
hey man , how are things ?
i just ate a bunch of pizza .
at least you can find excitement in something
what ever floats your boat i guess
fall is the best . not too hot , not too cold .
for sure . what sports are your favorite ?
i only like to swim in the summer .
hi . i like league of leagues .
great , i like walks in the park
well , i am single so i hang out with dogs
oh , i am so ready to mingle
i like dogs alot . i do not know why
cats are better though . i like to swim while i drive
i am really a cat .
food makes my day . i am fat
hi there , i am just wondering what you do for work ?
that was humble of you . i went to college . i have a statistics degree
very nice . i am now a blackjack dealer , and now how to count cards .
yes , very close to them . my 3 kids are as well , see them often
my kids stay with my parents during the day . do you like to travel ?
i like to travel in the winter to escape the cold . do you have any kids ?
we have a couple of dogs as well , and 3 cats .
you want me to make you tuna salad or tuna casserole ?
cape hatteras . that sounds like a fun city !
any tuna recipe ideas ?
org , yes ! ! ! i will learn from you master yoda chef !
chirp chirp . i am going to go sailing later today . want to come along ?
i will give you a sun bonnet . you will be fine , my old friend !
you are welcome ! meet me at the docks no later than 15 past 3pm
hi , how are you today ?
wonderful . just visiting the mountains .
appalachian mountains actually . what do you do for work ?
i like their deep fried pickles . but very unhealthy .
i work as a surgeon . so i try to stay healthy .
that is a good show , . i have not watched since a main character died .
yes , i am watching supernatural now though .
yeah i have the tv when my children are at school .
hi how are you today
med school i am a sophomore in high school but love science too
not yet i am thinking about volunteering at the hospital . i just got braces so not comfortable
i like dogs i have one named maddie
we have four dogs in total but one Maddie likes me more than the other ones
that is a good thing being late could get you in trouble
hi how are you today
where do you work at
do you play any music then
yeah they are lots of fun
i play music a lot
yeah sad about their singer
i agree depression is tough
good evening , sir , and welcome to the metropolitan museum of art !
maybe just too much caffeine ? ? ? i only have a cup , and always with cream !
rrrr . . . . coffee is a seed , brother
young and foolish . . . polly listen to techno instead of good music like beastie boys
well i am very critical of my own paintings too . . . and why i work in a museum !
whoa ! that would help as a curators assistant . . . willing to live in iowa ?
hi there . how are you this evening ?
oh that is cool . i enjoy watching funny movies .
oh really ? i have only been there once .
my dad retired from the army .
oh . my mom , died when i was little .
she was in a car accident .
that is always a good thing . what is your favorite color ?
green is my favorite color .
hi there . how is it going ?
oh . i am just hanging out with my gf .
oh , i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings ?
i have one older brother .
what do you do for a living ?
oh . i stock shelves at a bookstore .
i wish it paid better , but i like it ,
oh , well it was nice chatting with you .
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?
big party . . it was amazing
regular get together with friends
ya . . kind of a music party with dance
i like elvis . . i am a bit old . . a mother of three
i am a nurse by job
hm . . little bit . . but not impossible
yaa . . i do work hard
how are you doing today
that is cool to know i guess
i love baking and i love my children
i am sorry to hear that
i guess if you say so
yes i do i love country music
that is cool do u have any grandkids
omg that is a lot of grandkids
what did you do earlier today ?
i have been working from my house all day
yes i do actually . i write a blog about my family
i would love to read it some time . do you have a family ?
yes i do . 2 kids that both play soccer
roxie and ava . they are my life
oh that must be a sign ! haha do you like to cook ?
cool . i make dinner for my family every night
hello how are you today
so what do you like to do for fun ?
i like playing the guitar in my free time
you should . please tell me you are a vegan . i am
as long as you go bike riding to workout . i love going for a good ride
well do you skateboard ? i love skateboarding
well i am sure baking is your love
hi how are you today
but it is raining outside
i do not have any pets
i love to gamble yeah
nice is that your job
i do finances for a brewery
is she alright or sick
hi ! how are you ?
great ! had a good day at school teaching . i am really passionate about what i do .
i like going to the beach . . whenever my husband could take off from work .
how nice ! are you married ? what do you do ?
ll good luck ! do you have any hobbies ?
interesting ! where do you find those ?
nice ! i hope the weather holds good for you to go to the pool often !
i teach math and try to make the kids like it too !
hi , how are you doing ?
are you a salesman ? or company owner ?
so what is it that you are trying to sell ?
well . . . let me ask you something does that make you wish you had a different life ?
okay . do you wish you were someone else ?
i see . strangely , i do not . sometimes i wish to be a wild beast .
hi how are you doing
that is nice uim hanging with my cats
5 they are all rescues
they eat normal cat food
oh no they were from a shelter not the streets
what hobbies do you have
hey there , hows your evening
oddly just got hired at whataburger , i would prefer to open a bakery though
i volunteer over at a soup kitchen as often as i can , you ?
now that sounds like a lot of fun !
that is pretty cool , i honestly do not go out much
yikes , any specific injury ? that sucks
owch , i am sorry to hear that , does it hurt still ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am from call . have you ever been ?
i work as a desk clerk
do you have any hobbies ?
can i tell you something personal ?
i am gay . wow , that feels good to tell someone .
i have not told my parents yet .
i like rock music i love worn the group and anything that is the color purple
what games do you like to play
those sound like fun games . i mostly swim on my down time when the weather is good
hello ! what do you do for fun ?
dancing is fun . i love music , my whole family is musical .
i love watching my friends dance while i bust out a tune on my violin .
i am just under seven feet . i tower over my little pomeranian .
do people always ask if you play basketball ?
since you did not ask , i will tell you anyway . i placed first in another violin competition .
i have entered many violin competitions , and have placed in more than one .
my mom teaches music in the local elementary school . what do you study ?
hi there , how are you today ?
no , not much of a reader . i enjoy cooking though .
sometimes . i love to cook , but no baking .
that is good ! i am a stay at home mom , so i get bored , too , sometimes .
oh , wow . i hope it helps . i like a good run , that helps me .
that must be fun . do you ever watch face off on say network ?
i love to smoke pot , do you ?
i am ok , how are you ?
i am listening to some rap music
no . pot makes me feel good
i love to eat meat ! bacon !
i work in it . . . you ?
that would be great , does he like rap music ?
hi there , do you like karaoke ?
i do it every thursday night !
my sister actually published a few things
nice , that sounds like a lot of fun .
i painted my house yellow , what is your favorite color ?
that is funny do you like skiing ?
that is funny , i can almost picture it .
do they actually sit there and pay attention ? i am allergic to kittens .
that is something . . . hope you are having a good weekend .
good evening . how are you ?
doing well , i finished reading a book for my weekly book club .
that is cool too . i play of games on my cell phone .
i am not in a relationship . i mostly hang with my mom and my cat . lol
i think cats are more lovable , but my cat can be a handful at times .
mine too , and since my mom is always here , she sneaks her human food a lot .
that sounds cute . i have tons of pics of smokey , doing cute things on my cell phone .
i do not know how i survived without a cell phone in the past . lol
howdy , how are you this evening
that nice i spend my days on my boat
i eat a whole lot of fish that i catch
i own one , i do not live on a boat , i am reading a book now
the author is jane austen she is my all time favorite author
i could live on my boat , i live very close to the ocean
does spot have a spot ?
hi how are you doing
what kinds of experiments do you do
i am a stay at home mom
i have three kids do you want kids
not much more than cooking for my family
that is cool do you cook middle eastern food
my family came here from saudi arabia
what else do you like to do
hi how are you doing ?
that is cool what hobbies do you have
that is nice do you have any pets
that is funny i have a pet cat
yeah that can be pretty annoying
i live at my parents house
i am currently single but looking
hey dude , i am ryan . i just woke up , so i am pretty tired right now .
that sounds lame . listening to rap music always chills me out .
seriously ? jacob sartorius is lame man . i love kanye west , personally .
i love costco ! i got some new sneakers there a few weeks ago .
oreo is a cool name . my dog joe and I like watching tv together in my chair .
that is random , not sure I can relate on the flirting thing . I love large fields, though
try downloading tinder or something man . no need to hit on random girls.
tinder is for hookups not kids . you sure you got the right app in mind?
whew , just got off work . my pizza place was slammed !
right , my 3 brothers and i love it so much we all work there together
summer , because growing up in chicago winters were tough
what is the farthest you have ever run ? do you play drums by chance ?
pizza , because my mother was single back in the day and she always got us pizza .
making beats and playing drums .
that is a good reason to love summer
i love my job . i can stay at home and work on the computer .
good . just playing my guitar . do you like music ?
that is cool . my boyfriend of 10 years plays too .
that is great . a saxophone would drive my dog crazy though .
mine has issues . he is ok with me playing video games though .
yes he does . do you have kids ?
no , but i hope to have some one day with my long term bf .
yes , i love shrimp . do you cook ?
hi i am sarah are you having a delicious day ?
oh you know the kind when there are candies and cakes all about ?
oh what sport do you play my friend ?
cool i am a teacher and maybe we can take a field trip to watch your team ?
cool that might work since i also like to relax by lake waters !
oh cool ! i wanna go there !
nice , are there any big fish available for catching there ?
dang that is not very delicious and unfortunate .
have you heard about this thing that gets in the water and attracts plastics and pollution ?
yea maybe that will save the oceans and the animals in there !
yea i feel like that will be developed or something soon
i am from the us in the southern part
yea it is starting to cool off now so then you are from the us too ?
hi , how are you doing today ? !
i am doing great , i am just enjoying the most favorite dessert that i like ; cupcakes !
yes , i do actually . its painted in my favorite color which is blue . do you ?
well that is cool . do you drive it to the grocery store ? that is where i work .
so do you have hair ? what color is it ? mine is brown .
i do ! reading is the other thing i like . do you have a favorite book ?
hello good evening how are you
pretty well , just embezzled one million from my finance job
i make the best lasagna being italian american and all whats your favorite
i you mix blue my favorite and yellow you get money green that is with watercolors
garbage plates are from rochester not buffalo , and i prefer mary tobe bloody
i dislike to clean out my ears and i like to feel the wax run
how about that syracuse game two days ago
the bills suck and post malone left syracuse for a reason
hello where are you from ? its been a couple of years since i went home
florida , but i travel around as a programmer , basically a nomad
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
i travel abroad so i speak 3 languages
wow that must get hectic with all the girlfriends
no hobbies , just like to work and travel
sounds interesting , you make good money breeding cattle ?
hello . how are you today ?
what did you have to eat ?
i do too . my personal favorite is italian
i like cooking dinner . a soothing process
rap is a diverse genre . so unique
wow . such a small world
how far is that from where he lived previously ?
that is nothing . i love taking long car drives .
hello , i am looking for a companion otherwise i am just a cat lady
oh no , my speckles is very sweet and does not bother anyone
ok , do you have any tattoos ?
i have two . . speaking of needles , i love knitting too
i knit all sorts of things . . . what about mittens ? same tick ?
what are your hobbies ? i love shopping
never too late to try
do you work ? go to school ?
god i wish i did not have to get up today lol how are you ?
yea my parents argue way too much . they are pretty distant
yea . my brother is a trouble maker too so with everything going on , i get little attention
not at all . go for it . i do not feel much emotion either
i feel extremely isolated . that is the perfect word for it
that is strange . but it makes total sense
hi , i am sarah its nice to meet you . do you have any pets ?
i have a cat . what do you do for a living ?
oh that must be hard on your hands . my mom gives hand massages
i am fluent in italian so i often backpack through europe
washing dc i crash with my brother he works for the smithsonian
i love dogs as well as cats . this is random but i have two different colored eyes
hi , i love living in my big city
testing is fun but video games are better haha
hockey is boring to me singing is where its at . i really love to sing
what do you do for work ? i am a teacher i really enjoy teaching children
that sounds very interesting , favorite movie ? magic mike is mine hehe
house of cards is also a favorite and yes its actually very funny !
i have never heard of him what does he do ?
i must be living under a rock i have also never have heard of potus . o
hi , i am a pianist , a dancer and i like to sing a lot . you ?
i love horses , but because i am always asleep in the daytime , i do not experience much .
that is wonderful . i am recently converted to vegetarian . do you eat meat ?
wow , that is different . no veggies . do you eat fruit too ?
do you have any aspirations in life ?
i do not . aside from my talents , i am kind of a boring person .
org , me too cool huh ?
thanks for reminding me i had forgotten !
hello ! i just got done practicing on my drums
yes ! lots of fun playing in a band
that sounds lovely , but i do not get out of my parents basement much
nope ! 25 and still living with them
nah , they are letting my girlfriend and i save money while in college
yes , she does . she has a ford mustang that i drive
i would like to think so
no i have not i am always too busy
hi there . have you seen the new star trek ?
both , but more so the show .
rainy days are my favorite . means i do not have to worl .
do you have a favorite snack food ?
oh i always have to have pretzels on hand .
i have my own garage .
do you have a job ?
hello , my name is james , whats yours ?
i live in the east , are you out of the storm path
absolutely do . what are your hobbies . i like camping
i like reading too . I drive a truck for a living , what do you do
wow , hope you made some money . that is impressive .
no , I live near a road . so sadly cannot have any .
good for you , and for your pet . no , not allowed to drive with a pet .
hello how are you today . what do you like ?
horses . i will open a stable one day with ten horses
ah , well you should bet . i made over 90 thousand on trifecta bets
sorry to hear that . i have not dated since high school
horses . that is why i plan to have a teaching program for racing them
for sure . i like learning too
that sounds good . maybe i can learn to do that so i can date again
yes , i should be interesting when i own a stable with at least ten horses
hello , how is your day going ?
good had fun playing basketball with some friends .
yes but i live off campus with my cat mater .
oh nice . thinking about doing a movie night with my nephews since they are visiting .
that is nice of them to come check up on you .
oh that sucks i am a political science major myself .
i love it but a lot of work trying to get into law school after .
hey there ! its dave here from las vegas .
i love to fish each weekend , its relaxing
not sure , i am a personal trainer during business days .
no i am not into it , i like hiking and being fit .
so tell me , what do you do ?
yes it is ! what you designing ?
cool , i like red a lot !
hello ! how are you today ?
doing fantastic ! what are you up to ?
oh that is fun ! why is that ?
beans are so nasty i am sorry .
what do you cook them with ?
man . i wish i had time to eat , i am too busy
bald ! how can you be bald ?
depression is a serious thing . i wish i had more time to spend at my house
good morning , are you reading anything good ?
i am an artist . anime and superhero comics are my specialties .
nice ! i have several friends in ga . atlanta and flintstone , respectively
i do not care for football . i live in browns country .
me too ! my book club is doing a role play of gone with the wind .
i have noticed . i like geocaching .
i prefer hiking and spending time outdoors .
oh , yes . i wish i lived in a library .
welcome to a new era . i am going to celebrate .
no more common cold ! i found the cure !
i would rather call myself a wizard . are you an artist ?
great ! do you paint at all ?
i make up names for fun . i have a nickname bubblegum .
i think i am from mars . i have bright red hair .
i was born this way . my brother has it too .
ginger ? no . they call me crazy because i want to take over the world .
hey , new friend ! what are you up to today ?
oh , that is really disheartening . whats going on ?
wow . i do not know what to say . that is awful . what will you do ?
ca not hate that ! i am a charlie daniels fan myself . but i do love ice cream
fried fish ? i love to go fishing ! ! me and my black lab go fishing .
it is . i am a married man but i love my dog more ! you married ?
that is a shame . but you have a positive attitude !
me too . i hope you get to do everything you want before its too late .
hello , how are you ? i am studying to be a special education teacher .
i m nervous and knaw at my nails .
do not work . used to be an navy brat ; went through 16 schools in 12 years .
black . what color is yours ?
i can imagine . do you kayak ? i do on weekends at a nearby lake .
so do i . i have also learned to make friends quickly and say bye fast .
that does sound better than good bye , i hate good byes .
do you chew your nails ?
hi how are you ? what do you do ?
interesting hobby . i play video games and sing
wow okay . i like magic mike so pool boys could be nice
sure why not . my students would probably like it
yes i am in philadelphia
high school mostly ninth grade . i sing to get them to remember things
i love it so much ! it is my calling
yes you should see someone about that
hi there ! how are you ?
i was good until my friend told me i was a neurotic hypochondriac
well she thinks ocd rules my life . she is probably right . i struggle relinquishing control
i enjoy my job teaching at a private elementary school , you ?
wow ! what brought you here ? i have a friend at my church from france
feel free to come meet my french friend at the seventh day adventist church !
you should ! not that i am trying to force my religion on you .
hmm , i love curry ! how about you ?
good morning ! i am hanging out with my cat oreo watching got
i love going for walks . that is what i do often for exercise .
my cat probably would not like to be walked . what is your dogs name ?
tank is a good name for a dog . tell me more about yourself .
i really do not have hobbies . i have four kids so they keep me busy .
ah , i guess that is probably true . i do have to cook a lot !
true , since he is a car salesman . i have a mini van . does he sell those ?
gotcha . do you have kids ?
how are you doing today ?
who is your favorite composer ?
i do but i have to find very short rods because i am tiny
i do not look forward to working
i always help my dad decorate his room at school
how many siblings do you have ?
there are five of us, of which I am the oldest
he does, he teaches 5th grade
i am 17 years old
good afternoon ! how is it going today ?
i am doing some freelance work , but on a break . you ?
oh , so we are both artists just different mediums .
animation . i would love to work for dreamworks ! lol
i work on my own right now , but someday i will submit to them .
for about two years now . i went to art school for it .
what kind of music do you sing ?
yeah , i would be nervous too . do you take vocal lessons ?
hello . care to talk to a receptionist today ?
i am good . i am mary and you are ?
yes at a doctors office while going to school . oh you make beer ?
yes . ca not wait to finish my radiology studies though . so you make money now ?
a few years . being a receptionist can be stressful sometimes .
oh nice ! so any other hobbies you have ?
hi how are you doing today ?
i can be too and i love to eat junk food . i eat more than i should .
i barely get any sleeps . i work nights at a hotel .
when i get off work all i want to do is play video games .
me too . i like to write when i have some free time .
sometimes it is hard to get motivated .
could be . i just cannot stay away from cookies and chips !
i usually skip breakfast . i am too tired when i get home .
hi there . how are you doing ?
sounds fun ! i feel like make up for me hides my weaknesses . i like that .
yes i do . i like the spiritual ones since i am a tarot reader .
i have with other animals . never with a dolphin though .
your dad does advertising , hey ? that would be awesome . what does he charge .
that is good to know . is he a nice guy ?
sounds like a good person . hard to trust after a bad relationship .
divorced . it was messy . i believe in karma though .
hello there ! how is it going ?
nature gonna nature . . . did your property take much damage ?
ya . water is intense . lots of power
you watch a lot of cartoons ?
really ? that is neat . i ran into someone famous while shopping once
i do not remember . the cashier said it was jason bleeder or something like that
i did not know i was trying to be funny . . .
hi how are you today
i used to love to drink
do you have facial hair
i have a huge mustache yeah
it is okay except when we have soup
yeah do you live in a house
i live next to my girlfriend yeah
we live next door so i get my space
hi there , how are you today ?
port ? like air port ? i just left the office myself .
oh that is really cool , my mother was the best nurse at the hospital .
do you suffer from dementia ?
lol . she was always at work , my dad finished dry wall for new houses .
lol no , you had just repeated yourself . so i thought maybe you had .
do you play any sports ? i have been playing softball since high school !
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
awesome ! my favorite food is ice cream . have you ever cooked ice cream ?
i always eat ice cream with my fianc
cookies and cream is my favorite . but my fianc prefers cookie dough
we are still planning the wedding . i got engaged a year ago at a rock concert
i wish you luck ! foo fighters concerts are the perfect meet up spot
i also like summer because i get a break from my online courses
hi . do you like to travel to any national parks ?
in some . we take our five children with us when we go .
five . they like to hear me playing violin . do you like music ?
why not ? it calms me down from working as a nurse .
i like cars too . my husband drove cars when we met freshman year .
that is not nice . what do you care about ?
do your kids like board games . my five children do .
okay . what else do you like to do ?
hello how are you doing ?
not bad i worked long hours tonight like my father used to .
sounds great ! maybe a little hot chocolate after dinner
oh sure why not . i am generally a good sport .
my mom used to read to me i hope your parents are supportive , too
i believe the one that loves us all loves us unconditionally . i hope they do
i am really sorry about that . i will pray for their understanding . . . and food allergies ?
yes i agree my friend . it has been nice chatting with you , too !
good morning how is your day ?
what kind of work do you do ? i work as a registered nurse
sounds good . do you have any children ?
i plan to be a mother next year . maybe can see your movies
are you having breakfast where you live ?
i like classical music too very calming for the soul
hi there , how are you this evening
good . might have come from my ranch .
it does . we own 750 acres and about 1000 head of cattle .
i am 21 and have dark hair .
cheer lead for our college team .
i wish class was outdoors . i would go more .
camp , hike , fish hunt , even just sit .
it can be sometimes . wish i could do it more .
hi how are you doing today ?
i am good just doing some painting
yeah i just do it for fun . i love cooking too !
anything with pasta is great and i love making cookies
i am in school right now
it is only three more years left
www how many kids do you have ?
hi how are you doing
wow i need to make more money like him
i like to write a lot too
that sounds like a lot of fun i would like to help
i am sorry to hear that she is gone
that sounds great i bet she was nice
really did she have a green house
that is nice no garden i take it
hey , do you know anyone named kevin ?
oh , i wanted to be the only kevin you knew .
you are making me unhappy
i do not even care about that .
i am a student too
i play music . i could play you a song
i play music . i could play you a song
hello . my name is rob . how are you today ?
haha hi ray . long time no talk !
tell me an interesting fact about yourself . my parents are over 100 years old .
what do you do for work ? i build these cool aquariums .
are you married ? i am to a deaf woman . legally she is deaf . but i love her .
ray , do you have a large family ?
that sounds impossible . i listen to the beatles with my six big brothers .
so you were 5 years old at the time ?
hey , nice to meet you !
how is your day ? i just got done from a run in the park .
i loved that series . what genre is your favorite ? mine is comedy .
i work with a family owned bistro as a server . how about yourself ?
that is not too bad ! do you have any siblings ?
sounds like the exact opposite of what i am trained to do .
i enjoy british literature . how about you ?
hi there . hope you are well
nice ! way to go ! do you like scary movies ? i do .
i also enjoy playing the violin . do you play anything ?
i would love to be a music teacher one day .
awesome sauce . my favorite color is like a reddish orange . do you have one ?
i have family in kentucky . love it there .
it is very pretty there . i hope you like it there .
they will help you find your way around then . i have no siblings .
hey . i sometimes scream to feel alive
yea , i scream at my art . it makes me paint better
i hope you do not eat meat . i love animals . they are my best friends
dogs are awesome . growing up my dog was my only friend
you must be a nice person since you care about your dog
me too . i was home schooled
that is nice . how old is your daughter ?
hey ! ! i am watching battlestar galactica for the 100th time
fun ! ! i am about to make beet juice before my paper route .
it is amazing ! i my parents are beet farmers , so we eat it all the time .
i would love to be a teacher ! mine are so nice .
i sell papers to save money for college ! i want to work with bears !
you know what else is amazing ! ? . . . beets
i feed them to my pet bear ! i love bears
do you like movies ? i love bsg
want to go to sumba class with me tonight . i need to exercise .
good . so you want to go with me ?
what movie ? i need to put on my makeup first .
i love mustangs . candy apple red
i love pets . 6 cats , 2 dogs , 1 fish
yeah , i know . i clean the litter boxes . but also one to pet .
that is a lot of work . do you have to smile a lot at work
i just got back from safari !
nice , is a beta fish your favorite animal ? mine are zebras .
cool , my school did that . i cannot wait until i get to first grade .
yup ! and i love dancing . how old are you ?
wow . are you a boy or a girl ?
that sounds scary . my mom says guns are not for girls
golf is boring but being outside is a blast
how do you learn how to use guns ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am really bored right now . i wish i could be sky diving now !
i like trying new adventures . i once drove a race car .
it is fun . when i want to try something i do not let anyone stop me .
what do you do for fun ?
what do you study ? i got kicked out of class once for fighting .
that is great . that has to be exhausting .
i would have a hard time telling the truth to patients if it is bad news .
hello , do u like video games i love halo
sports are fun but i would rather go to the gym and workout
yes i eat very healthy , as i work for a health magazine
no sports contacts i am a avid reader in my spare time
do u have a favorite color mine is yellow
i am a editor for home cooking
i do not like carrots more of a pepper person
hi ! how are you today ?
i like spending time with my husband and listening to taylor swift . what else do you like ?
you go walking on the moon often ? i work with a beer distributor .
oh . are you married ? my husband stays at home with our kids .
that sounds fun especially with the cooler weather coming .
what do you like to sing ?
i like to sing taylor swift
good evening how are you feeling today .
i am the baby of my parents four children .
i am the psychologist at a grammar school .
i love to eat lots of chocolate .
i enjoy geocache on my leisure time .
i am being taught how to use a piano .
what are your plans for this evening ?
what did you have for dinner ?
tried going up the cn tower . got scared . too high up .
my four sisters dragged me . if they enticed me with iced tea i might consider it .
well most people do not believe mermaids are real . i do . do you ?
he was a soldier in what army ?
good for him . does he like donald trump ?
that is sad . what are your personal beliefs ?
that must be a lot because i love iced tea !
yes exactly . i hope to overcome my fear of heights .
hello friend . what are you doing ?
not so great but getting better i hope .
where do they take it ?
i am glad for you , i feel nervous often .
i have a job at a gym , just started today .
no , the rules I read said you cannot , sorry .
can you build a gym ?
i like staying home , i get awkward in public .
hi how are you today
i am only 10 i am a kid ! !
no do you have a vestie
no i am gonna be a hall monitor soon
my set friend ever . its abigail
yeah all kid love chocolate
state troopers like the white helmet star wars people ?
hello i am a 22 year old guy with a long beard
awesome i love video games . i really love to play football
that is terrible . i hope she finds some work
that is very ambitious of you . do you have any pets ?
i have a miniature pincher named sam he very small
would i know any of the games ? how old is your son ?
i play football all the time
maybe i am 6 foot and i wight 280
hi how are you today ?
i am one of five sisters . do you have siblings
wow . are you identical or fraternal
i have not ? are you close to your family ?
that is nice ! i am closest with my mom we are great friends
wow tap dance that is impressive ! did you win last year ?
i do not , if I could choose a different talent, I would love to be able to paint like my brother.
thanks ! i will have to check it out !
hello stranger how are you ?
i am good . i always love talking to strangers . its always fascinating .
well its meeting someone new ! sometimes i invite them to my parties .
different types . i am the best at throwing parties ! do you like to party ?
never ? well you must come to one of mine soon !
by yourself ? you must have friends . i want friends by the beach . someday hope to live there .
hi how are you today ?
have to get the door brb
do you have a flower garden ?
are your parents alive then ?
what is your favorite food
i just eat chocolate mostly
hello ! can you tell me something about yourself , such as what your favorite food is ?
not really . i get enough of a work out working at a hotel . what are your hobbies ?
i love to read and usually munch on chicken nuggets when i do . do you like music ?
i like fine frenzy . do you have pets ? i have dogs and enjoy animals .
sounds like we have a lot in common . i think i need to go .
thanks ! i hope you have a good night , too . bye !
i think so , too . well , you are nice to talk to .
hi . i am heading to see my son play football tonight . what are your plans ?
do you have family that lives nearby ?
just my son . what do you do in your spare time ?
i love playing and designing video games .
just some games . my team and i have designed over 65 video games .
fantasy mostly . i am trying to create my own start up company .
what is your favorite color ?
hey there ! tell me about yourself .
that is cool i love the out doors , and work for discovery
yeah editing and creating videos for them , like the channel
same , same it is a very busy time for me .
well there is a lot of pressure to push out good fake content . . get is aid that
it is very much so fake , everything but the outdoors i love it out there
i can get you a good deal on round trip tickets to jamaica .
great , i am now your new best friend in new york city .
a travel agent best friend is serious business for the traveler . best deals !
i love all the j places . japan , jakarta , but jamaica is my favorite destination .
i run the show at my parents travel agency , we can go there any time .
awesome , i knew this was a good match . next month is barbados , interested ?
you can get similar highs from working out . running on the shores of the world .
hey there . how are you ?
oh no . why ? i play the bass , the rich tones really help me when i am sad .
that is awful ! i am sorry to hear that . do you have a dog to cuddle you ?
my french bulldog is my baby . she keeps me going when things get rough .
i am currently selling washers at sears , but i would like to be a journalist one day .
i would cover music . my dream is to follow red hot chili peppers around . love them .
. www man . they really are a sight to see .
hi there . how are you ?
i am doing a tarot reading and playing with my cats .
the high priestess is my very favorite
i do like that card too . it has lots of energy .
mine too ! that one i have tattooed on my leg . and yes i do
i do too . good way to be though . any kids ?
haha awesome . i do yoga with my kids also .
i swear . i could not agree more ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how are you doing today ?
good . now , that i fixed the bugs on my computer .
awesome . i have never seen it .
usually the sequels and such do . what is it about ?
that is interesting . is it a mystery ?
so is it a sad movie ?
i do not know . the women in my family watch a lot of lifetime .
good evening . how are you ?
my job is photography so i love takin pix there .
i am single . i got a tattoo sleeve . some people do not like that .
my 4 dogs do not mind them tho . we are always together .
right on ! when i am at the bar , my friends talk about books .
i agree . i love going into the city too .
i am in florida near tampa .
that is where i am at !
hey , i just finished my shift at the coffee shop , how are you doing ?
same , i am always up late because of my three roommates !
both of my parents , both teachers , also love to run . i go with them sometimes .
lol . we all need more energy though , i have a grunge concert at 1 am tonight .
i can get you in ! my sister and i are performing .
you definitely will . i have an eyebrow piercing appointment in a couple minutes .
wow . . . . i hope it wo not affect tonights concert ! !
hideyo bipedal carbon life form !
at del taco i am the team lead of the fried potato research
i love the musical troupe up !
my purpose in life is to create American chips
at one time i tripped up an entire set of steps
my everyday transport is a cycle that you power with your arms
have yoy ever been to the west coast , i have not .
i am eric . i am from new york . my dad drove cab here in the seventies .
that is cool . i was on the local news once .
i have heard its nice . i have been to flordia on a fishing boat that my uncle worked on .
ghats a good way to distribute information .
have you ever blogged about local news stories of legal events .
its been awhile because my uncle used to work on them . i caught flounder .
my story was a legal event , but yes . . . a lot of drug trafficking .
hi ! how are you today ?
good , same here . just got done with some classes .
i am a business major at fsu .
oh . i only graduated from high school a few months ago with honors .
that is cool . how old are they ? i am 18 .
that sounds like fun . i just purchased my first car !
so far i have not !
yeah . i do not stress out easily .
hi , just took my clothes off the line , i love line drying
oh cool , i am more of a baseball person i learned from my mom
sounds fun lol my mom did a lot of driving raising me on her own
work at the aquarium but i am a blogger about owning salt water aquariums
yup , its funny though water all day but all i want is a ferret lol
oh i know i have done my research but i cant wait
hello how are you today
well i surf the ocean in my free time
i also work on my own car
i have a dog that i love
i also have a corvette it is fast
lucky you i owe one million on mine
i know i love to drive and surf
hi . i like katy perry . you ?
i do not blame you
wow , that sounds google . really .
i am an awesome baker .
muffins and cookies and cake and everything .
oh my . that sounds like me !
oh . that is ok . i sew alot you ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
once i flirted with a dmv guy to ace a driving exam .
it helps when you have a deadbeat for a father . i fend for myself .
what is it to you ? are you trying to pick me up or something ?
look , smarty pants . i am much too mature for you . what else do you wanna know ?
do you listen to music ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am good . what do you do for a living ?
oh . i own a music store .
i just sell . i used to play guitar but it has been awhile .
i played in the same band for 17 years ! but i hurt my arm and stopped .
yeah , it was for the best .
i love to swim , especially at the beach .
yeah , i wish i had a pool .
how are you doing today
i am doing great . i like dolls .
what kind of art do you make
what kind of sculptures do you make
do you like to hike a lot
what are you going to do there
how many of those do you have
hi
i just came in from my car taurus to get my diet coke .
not really . magazines when its slow at work i work in retail
i read that one , i love clothes and shop way too much .
i like to shop online too and listen to katy perry
lol . that is no good . do you like music ?
hey ! where are you from ? i am from portland or !
i live on the top floor , in the attic , of an apartment building . you ?
do you have any pets ? i have a skunk called stinky .
yes . i take my brother . he thinks he is a viking and only eats meat .
i need to makeover my nails . they are painted green . any suggestions ?
that is a fantastic idea ! thanks !
i drink it occasionally , but i prefer tea with milk and sugar . how about you ?
these must be cold coffee varieties . what kinds are currently in your fridge ?
sounds delicious ! which is your favorite ?
childrearing is one of the most fulfilling parts of being human . do you agree ?
family is so important . i hope my children will take over the family business .
are you very creative ? do you work ?
oh wow , what kind of nurse ?
such a noble profession . what do you do for fun ?
noble and lucrative ! do you have any hobbies ?
i give everything I have to my business . i do it all for my family .
yeah , i hope so , but sometimes i do not feel it .
hello . how are you this fine evening ?
good other than feeling water logged from all the tea i have drank . haha
i love going to museums whether to look at art or artifacts . what do you like ?
you are quite versatile !
i try to visit museums at least several times a year .
i also enjoy writing , if and when , i have any free time .
hello there ! how are you this afternoon ?
oh , you like the colder weather ?
i think mine would be summer , course , this summer was really awesome . .
well , i got a girlfriend this summer , so that was awesome . so yeah , summer rules
thanks ! so , what do you do for a living ? i am still in school . . cannot stand it
hey , that is pretty cool ! you guys been doing stuff with the hurricane and all ?
ahhh well , stay safe ! heard those waters are pretty treacherous . got friends in the florida area
i love mcdonald , way too much . do you like fast food too ?
fair enough . i will sometimes stay at a sitdown restaurant
you are a viking ? or your boat is ?
org , nice . if i was a viking , i would never leave sweden and normal . cold weather is awesome
ll , i would not allow it . working for public affairs and all
ahahah . anyways . what kinda car do you drive ?
a volkswagen passa , 2011 . its not the best vehicle , but it gets me from a to b
hi ! my name is dana .
i am wonderful ! how are you ? ! i live in md . what do you do ?
i have 1 dog and 1 cat . how long have you been in ny ?
i love cloud watching and reading . what is your favorite color ?
i am also crazy about shopping .
it sounds silly , but i could spend all day in costco !
are not they the best ? ! i always find the best deals on shoes there !
what else do you enjoy doing ?
hello how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
i like horseback riding myself . married ? do you have any children ?
i am total opposite . i am a full-time mom of two boys ! what kind of music do you like ?
do they ever play justin timberlike ? i love justin timberlike !
maybe i should introduce you to my two boys .
they are too full of themselves because they are so beautiful can you fix that ?
maybe i did raise them to be just like justin timberlike
do you like dogs ? i have three of them .
oh i exercise my dogs and love to run .
i love to go mountain hiking and biking .
yes it is great to sit underneath a tree . i used to be a catholic .
indeed . the kids are all excited to go to the movies .
good question , the kids have not decided on which one .
i loved that show . she was mighty and peaceful .
greetings from tokyo ! another day , another city !
my job . programming brings me to strange new places .
i have not seen my real home in two years . what do you do ?
if you ever need a translator , i am your guy ! , i can speak french , spanish , and japanese .
sushi ! that is why i love being in japan !
why blue ? why not green ?
hello , how are you today ?
that sounds lovely , do you go alone ?
benny is a lovely name it was one of my brothers names . he has since passed .
do you believe in heaven ? if so , i am sure my husband is playing cards with her .
do you have any siblings ?
there are 7 of us . 3 have passed .
possibly , i am a very sociable person .
i would love long hot showers , i have to go now . time for tea .
hi ! it is nice to get to chat like this .
i must admit , i have got friends , but i am not sure if i even like them .
i am a busy cross country and basketball mom . do not meet many new people .
two teenage boys . always an adventure !
it can be fun , but sometimes i feel a bit lost .
maybe both ? i never imagined my life being like this .
yes , i feel removed from who i am . how about you ?
that sounds nice . it has been nice to chat with you .
thank you . i hope i can find my way soon .
perhaps . until then , i will be busy with the kids activities !
hey , hows it going ? whats up ?
haha just plotting my next adventure .
any adventure that takes me away from my parents house . i live for traveling .
oh nice ? been anywhere good lately ?
well that is pretty impressive . more than i have ever done .
oh a musician too , huh ?
hi i am pretty sad tonight as my girlfriend left me again .
thanks , i spend my time working as an art teacher what about you ?
that must be hard i cope by reading and do not have a tv
that is nice the only thing i cannot eat is pizza how about you ?
good you are going to school i wish you all the success in the world .
me too it is nice to be outside do you study hard ?
keep on working you can do it .
are you a male or female ?
i am a male . i like cabins in the woods .
i can tell because otherwise we would have never been chatting .
i like to paddle and then swim in the lake .
i paddle rappers for being bad .
i do not believe you .
i have been to all states except alaska .
do you want to come with me to my cabin ?
what did you do today ?
i am trying to resist the urge to completely clean my room and rearrange it
what is your blog about ? i need to be up early tomorrow unfortunately
cool . i do not have time for that . i do freelance accounting
what are you writing about ?
i love fantasies the most
i would be scared to meet you though . but i will read your books
wow , i love my new tv set . i can watch my youtube videos on it .
naw , just droopy , my small little beagle .
do you have a big family ?
dang it . i just spilled my bbq sauce on the floor . no shrimp sauce now .
wow , a new truck or car ? what color ?
hey you want to take me out to gather pumpkins in it . i love pumpkins .
hauling stuff for people ? would you like that ?
hey . what is up ? i am a texan . dang it bobby
oh nice . i am a dad with a kid there . we love to watch basketball
i work too much for cats but i do love them !
they really are . i do have one day off soon though . to see imagine dragons !
you too claustrophobic for the subway ?
i drive to work . no public transportation at my hours
i am an emergency plumber . hence my business and weird times . what about you ?
yeah i have seen it all . people do weird things with their toilets
hi friend , have you been watching any good anime lately ?
i am currently saving money to finish my courses in japanese . what do you do now ?
that must be a lot of fun . have you ever traveled ? i am hoping to go to japan
they say once you have a baby you start watching tv with subtitles to not wake them .
well you have my support ! i personally hate subtitles , which is why i am learning japanese .
ahahah but that is enough about me . how are you going to propose ?
awesome ! remember how lucky you are to be in love and not watching anime by yourself .
good morning ! how are you ?
here too , but i do not have lunch usually . just tea
yummy ! sounds nice light . i am trying to lose weight you too ?
oh fall is my favorite time to hike . all the pretty colors . . . those reds ! !
really ? ? i never knew halloween was from ireland . so cool !
i am from texas , but i have irish roots too . where are you from ?
hey neighbor ! ! d are you guys doing ok with the hurricane season ?
my name is jerome and i have brownish color hair .
i have a big yellow cat and i like to sleep in on sundays .
only day off i am employed at mcdonalds .
sometimes i make up stories about animals .
writing stories is fun when i am not working .
sleeping writing and working that is all i get done
hello . how are you doing ?
sounds like a fun day , beach or park ?
oh , nice . i'd rather do the beaches than the woods but still cool .
very awesome . my wife and i try to go walking on the beach once a week .
well . i m having my dinner now . which is a shrimp salad . 2 jobs
they're good for you , take it from a rn .
lol . trust blue . supplements work ok but salads work better . dairy helps no one .
hi , how are you doing this evening ?
ll . my husband is a professional arguer , or lawyer . i am doing good .
oh , i am sorry . that is never fun . maybe she is not the right type of friend .
do you want to be a doctor ? i am letting my 2 kids be what they want .
take your mom some flowers , and respectfully sit down and tell them what you want .
i am sorry . i am sure they will come around some day . maybe you need a dog .
hello there , how are you doing ?
wow , you have been busy . do you travel much to different places to snorkel ?
oh , i was going to suggest australia . it has lovely reefs .
i love traveling myself . seen any great places lately ?
that is a surprise ! you like human then ?
one one real hit here in the united states . i prefer irish music myself .
well , the water can be pretty cold . i would suggest a wet suit !
hi ! how are you today ?
i am great , thanks ! checking email , looking at vacation ideas for my family .
i love music ! i enjoy all different types . what do you do for work ?
a band ? cool ! i am a police officer . i like to hike too , and love scuba diving .
i do , definitely . my whole family enjoys hiking , especially my daughters .
the oldest is 13 , and i have 9 year old twins .
oh wow ! are you from algeria ? i was born in kansas but live outside detroit .
i bet , i would too i would miss my family .
hey , how are you doing ? got any hobbies ?
i personally like sewing and swimming . how about a job ?
does your mother cook much ?
you should ask her to teach you a few things . cooking desserts can be fun !
i personally like pies , so at least they have some fruit .
hmm , that would be less fattening . i guess that is pretty smart .
they sell each of those prepackaged at the grocery store , so maybe i will .
well then you are already halfway to cooking in that case !
ahoy sailor . how are you ?
that is great . i am on my boat so forgive my bad wifi .
a cabin cruiser , 24 foot . you sail ? i live right on the beach .
very nice . i love the water , and seafood too . what do you eat ?
tennis , i wear the shoes for it . i also read books . do you have hobbies ?
i want a new bookcase for all my jane austen books . they are my favorite .
she was , and many other books . are you educated ?
hi how are you today
what do you do for work
very cool i am a grad student
i want to be a doctor you see
yeah i really think they do
i am between classes now in a rush
not really how about you
hello , what are you doing ? my parents are dead .
oh okay ! you know your iq ? mine is 250 and i sing .
thanks . i make matchbook houses . what did you do to your mother ?
hmmm . i would travel more if i had the money . you travel or sing ?
any specialties ? my parents died in baton rouge .
get out ! i am vegan too ! you like match houses ?
no pets but i have little brother . same thing . you travel anywhere ?
oh okay . my parrot died in a plane crash with my parents . married ?
hey this is joanne ! how are you today ?
bummer ! i am in my garden all time , thankful i have no allergies
i am good . i just washed my hair and finished sewing a dress . ca not complain !
no animals , unless you count the bunnies i see in my garden ! lol , you ?
www , whats the kitty name ?
goody , that is cute ! so do you have any special talents ?
hello hows your day going so far ?
its going pretty good i am on my way to kayak this weekend
yes i make friends fast
i am studying to become a special education teacher
that is fun , i was a navy brat i attended 16 schools in 12 years
not really just a lot of moving around
wow i love music that sounds great
hello ! how are you today ?
sounds like a big task ! what do you like to do for fun ?
oh wow , that is interesting ! i am a librarian , perhaps i could help !
that is great ! what kind of food are you cooking today ?
oh , that sounds good . my favorite is italian food , do you ever cook that ?
oh wow , that is a lot !
hi how are you doing
are you a school teacher
awww that is cute do you like music
i like rap when i am smoking weed
that is too bad it helps me relax after my boring job
yeah i bet it would be beneficial
i work as an it tech
hello . how are you . i am working at a
a bookstore . i have pink hair so they allow it
no it was a dare by my girlfriend . i just love her
i play disc golf with an older brother . you .
awe . i live in a city that encourages that
that is awesome . do you play sports ?
i enjoy hit , cross fit and core training . travel ?
i see . i want to own a bookstore music venue with my older brother .
hello , how is your day going ?
i wish for some rain in houston here
yes , it was devastating , but we are trying to get on our feet soon
very soon though , i hope to get reunite with my boyfriend in australia
it is except for those nasty spider . what is your hobby ?
i can relate , jogging is the one thing that help me
i also am very close to my family , especially my sister
do you do any special volunteering ?
hi how are you doing ?
its good thanks for asking
not really , i like to hunting
have you ever used a gun ?
do you watch any sports ?
no i do not play anything
what do you do for a living ?
i am a contractor for a construction company
hello , do you like coffee mugs ? i make a lot of them with pottery
so you would say you like refurbished classic cars ?
tell me your passions would you ?
ahh yes . . voices , i hear them often . do tell me more ?
oh no , i once had a back problem . after i won on the show jeopardy
which ? it was fun , alex has a lovely mustache
hey you and me both sister brother . tell me more about the seajack
how about that vanna ? what couple of great hosts
hey ! how are you doing today ?
yum ! i just came back from a writing class .
i play video games too but like to write and paint to destress .
i do not normally have time to treat myself these days .
well i do , but only when i have a singing competition .
i love the arts , but there is no money in it . i live with my two brothers .
i only started playing because my brothers are obsessed . we just got destiny 2 .
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well do you like music ?
nice . i like indie rock do they dance to that ?
that is alright . where do you work ?
very nice . i want to be a teacher but i have a short temper
do not judge me . you do not know me .
i am not your buddy , pal
hi , i am a fish person tuna is my favorite , gummy worms too
sorry to heard that , read some science fictions the adventures type may help you relax
if you try gummy worms , your will be younger
ok , i will , i want you to know i like two steps
nah , i jump up . i have green eyes and brown hair the sandy type .
sure just do not order me around
like i said , if you read some sci-fi space novels that will help
you must read it with passion !
hi , i am sandy , and i work as a special ed teacher.
nah , i have two kids to raise , and i work at the mall selling cosmetics part-time.
that is awesome ! ! i miss doing things without the kids . . . i listen to rage metal.
yeah , it is and it helps me get the stress out.
yeah that too . some days i get lazy and do not do them.
that is a good thing to do.
that is good . being physically fit is healthy for the mind too.
2 kids sons and they can be a handful and raising them myself.
hello . how what are you up to today ?
love the band . i am going rock climbing with my dog
oh i hope you are well and not too i will
what kind of hobbies do you like to do ?
i love cheese and bread but have to stick gluten free
no its just some component in some bread products . i can manage
he watches me try not to break my necklace and barks
i hope you can i know some easy places
hi there ! how are you ?
not much , had the day off so i spent it with my boxer , brutus
i am so sorry to hear that , cancer is rough
i have no family except my father , but he lives in china .
that would be cool but no , he is in business
i think i would be good at karate because i like exercise
why would you ditch ? to busy ?
hey . sorry for taking so long . how are you ?
i like arm wrestling . i have plans to go pro . what about yourself ?
i love maps . i want to work as a geologist . what kind of games ?
i live close to the national seashore park . i love first person shooters .
so do you work ? i am looking for a better job .
i went to nursing school but it got old . i am going pro with this arm wrestling stuff
i want to be the very best . like no one ever was .
how about that eclipse ? did you see it ?
hey , can you get me a lunch date with jared kushner ?
so are you nutz or what . . . looking at the eclipse without special glasses ?
i think you need to drive a more fuel efficient car ; mines a prius .
you can stop spending so much time golfing and more time working .
i have looked into the mouth of a volcano without flinching .
i write travel guids for lonely planet .
good evening ! just got home from work . how are you ?
lunch ? what time is it where you are ?
i am 3 hours ahead of you . just getting ready to make me some supper .
no pets and no kids . yet , anyways . do you ?
wonderful ! are they twins ? or just in the toddler range ?
too cute ! maybe i can settle down after i get out of my walmart job .
haha ! do you have any hobbies ?
if I could travel back in time, I would pursue a career in culinary arts.
hello ! how are you today ?
just after 9 am here . how about you ?
nice ! i am in texas . so you are a few hours behind , huh ?
hot . its in the 90s .
i am jealous . we have hardly had any rain
nope , north texas . by dallas
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i am more indoors type person
you and your spouse ? u mean ?
oh i did not know you were talking about me
what city are you from ?
hi , i am eating my beloved cheetos
oh cool ! i do not like mexican food
i love to ski all day and night
my wife really hates me
ok , thanks i will do it
maybe , maybe she will , maybe she will not
ok , i will do that
i guess you are right
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
i go to class at the moment
i want to be a chef
i can make pastries mostly
yeah but they have to be short tables
because i am not tall and can not reach
how are you doing today
i am from toronto canada
i like to run and watch tv with the kids
i have four of them
mine are all under two
sometimes but they are very fun
i have my husband . he is great .
hello , how are you doing today ?
oh , do you play soccer ?
no , i spend most of my time outdoors
i have no siblings . i spend most of my time gardening , sometimes i build yard decor too
when are you moving across the pond ?
oh that sounds exciting ! i love to travel , it is one of my hobbies
it is on my bucket list , maybe we can meet up for lunch when i go
hello , how are you doing ?
wow , a busy day ! i just have one dog and he can be a handful .
thank god indeed ! i like taking my dog on walks . you too ?
with that group , you need an suv ! i am in a city so mostly walk .
i try not to be . lots of fruit and veggies help . how do you destress ?
you got me there . no time to volunteer or sleep or cook either probably !
hi how are you doing today
i am married to an army man .
that is upsetting but at least you can read at work .
do you have any pets
yeah i read a lot
i have a house on a farm i have many .
what do you like to do for fun
hello can you tell me a bit about yourself ?
fun ! whats your favorite type of pizza or are you totally sick of it ?
i am in school studying philosophy .
a few . i like to go to concerts with my friends .
i love alternative like the head and the heart . saw them a while ago .
nope , just going to school full time right now . gotta finish this degree !
when will you graduate ? what are you studying ?
hey how are you today ?
doing alright just reading what your plans for the day
sounds fun all these phones going off it's hard to be a nurse
go be one . just reading cooking books vegan is the way to go
well let me finish this book and i will get back at you
well nursing stresses you out so i wish luck with sister
well hope you the best and get a book read learn each day
good morning how are you ? so happy its still the weekend
i teach so i am looking forward to seeing my kids , do you work ?
that is cool , my dad used to work for home depot .
i am sorry to hear that , maybe i can write a story about you
yes i want to be a famous fiction writer , do you have any hobbies ?
wow , you are interesting . do you listen to french music ? i like country music
no i like everything lol , you ?
oh yea , do you like puzzles ? i enjoy them
i am a ferrari driving rapper and you ?
i am currently touring with frank ocean .
i bought a mansion . it is new and the biggest in japan .
and where do you live ?
i have always wanted to visit boston .
i have never heard of that .
that must be why i did not know !
i am from oklahoma city .
hi there , how are you today ?
i am fantastic , i just finished baking this awesome cake .
oh man , what are you going for ?
oh , nice . i graduated from law school about ten years ago .
money makes the world go round , am i right ?
especially when you have a greedy landlord raising the rent omao
for sure , i am looking for a new place
paying my bills is so hard . i hate it so much .
i just want a job . i sit on my butt on my couch .
i would do anything but it is so unfair how i have no job .
i wish i could do that too . maybe some day .
i think they will hurt .
i hate any kind of pain .
i only have my ears pierced .
how many do you have ?
that is crazy to me .
do you have your tongue done ?
i am amazed at this , haha .
i can see why that would be .
i would not want that done .
hi . . . how are you doing tonight ?
i am doing good just getting ready to read a good book
night running is the best i live by the ocean and love it
that is a plus the fresh air makes you feel revived
i really like an books by jane austen
i really love seafood especially fish
i have a boat there is nothing better than fresh fish
i try to go as much as i can
hey how are you doing today ?
i am doing great just got back from the museum i work at .
i work at holocaust history museums .
it is , i love it , and i also love reading about the holocaust .
i am wheelchair bound so i am not very mobile .
it is but i do my best to make it work
my friend has fibromyalgia , i am sorry to hear .
winter is hard for me too , the snow makes it hard to wheel .
hi there from the great baltimore , md
cool ! i work as a medical file clerk , what about you ?
i should come try it . my pencil thin mustache would also get a taste
so what do you do ?
my mom does ballet and is in shows . you want to go watch some time ? I wish I could attend ballet shows with my partner.
what else do you like ?
oh that is nice . i have been trying to find someone who might be interested in my mustache
let me know where they at in baltimore , haha
hello , looking for a friend to talk to ?
no siblings , but i eat like three . just joking .
sure , i love getting to know someone .
omen that the end of time is coming now that is something .
music , do you like music ? i love classical jazz .
i am on a diet and i like to hike as exercise .
no , i would love to , but now a days it is kind of scary
i live in shady pines a home for retired people .
no but a grandson mikey who loves by death by chocolate cake .
yes i like them there are active like me always cooking baked goods
i am like a golden girl only my children want to visit me alot
reading playing bingo with others here
of course a italian lady who can bake is a hot commodity
hello how are you today ?
oh that sounds fun i am just reading
i understand no reason to get sick lol my fav movie is pretty woman by ?
oh i love dogs what kind
i have terriers as well . who is it your looking for ?
oh i understand i am cooking chops
which one are you talking about
good evening , how are you ?
that does sound great ! just took a walk around the block , nice day .
nice . feels so good to be out in the fresh air on a nice day .
oh , that is too bad . do you like the job though ?
you sound like a really positive person ! people describe me that way too .
makes sense . so , do you have any indoor hobbies , when you have the time ?
i like singing and listening to music . do you have any favorite bands or genres ?
i like different kinds of music , but my favorite band is the lumineers . know them ?
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
yes , i love to sing for fun . i work as a waitress .
do you have any children ?
its okay but not something i want to do forever .
i am in los angeles california .
i have never heard of cate mesa . whats wrong with your nose ?
sorry to hear . i hope you get well soon .
that does not sound easy or fun .
hello , how is your day going ?
pretty good . i have a beet farm , and tonight the view was lovely .
i also sell paper , so it gets very busy !
exercise is the absolute worst . i watch tv to relax .
battlestar galactia is my favorite . what genres do you like ?
morning joe ? i often watch that in the morning .
love sci-fi . i need some other sci-fi shows to get into . any suggestions ?
i have heard good things about orphan black . what are you up to tomorrow ?
i am so happy , and so rich
i can maybe donate you some money
how much do you want ?
oh , after my baseball game i was going to wire you some
not watching , playing . i am fabulous
pitcher . the best , most fabulous .
for forever . i came out the womb playing
how is life and everyone at home
oh sorry you need a day break from working now
so are the kids good or they also give stress ?
so are the kids good or they also give stress
so how is the field of teaching generally ?
so you teach young children s now
okay i get you now so can you teach upper graders
i do ride my bicycle in my spare time
well met ! what do you do for a living ?
i work from home in it ! i also love food haha
its nice , i get to spend more time with my pets
no cats , i am confined to my bed unfortunately .
i make the best of it , atleast i can spend lots of time on memes haha
absolutely and lucky for me the internet loves cat photos
i am not convinced our kitty overlords are not on social media themselves
hello how are we today ?
oh i know i work retail and the gossip is ugh mind numbing
i try to have the same mentality i can achieve what i strive for
well i am known to be o c d on my organization skills its so hard sometimes
well i wish i was as lucky i am still a virgin much less kissed a girl
sounds fun where is it based out of ? i love meeting new people
nevada so it would not be a far change which is good saves on gas
wow even if not your not far to just visit worse case scenario
hey there , how are you doing ?
i am doing pretty well , just took a short break from my new copy of the hobbit .
do you enjoy fantasy novels ? my mom works at the library so i read a lot
nice . what do you do for fun ?
i hang out with my mom and help her put away the books
where do you like to run ?
well i do not run very often . i spend more time reading
yes , everyone has their thing .
hi , i just got my hair done .
can i paint you then ? i am an art student
that is fine , its practice for me . i want to do more murals .
i enjoy what i do . acrylic is my favorite medium . what is your passion ?
change for the better is nice . i wanted change and dye my hair blond
are you doing the procedure yourself ?
hey stranger . what are you up to ?
that is not healthy . better to read a good book
you can over come that if you want to .
i do not drink . no money since i am not working .
i was a nurse but hated it . now i am penning a book .
i may add that to my story line .
i want to become famous with my book .
hi want to get to know each other ?
tell me about yourself , what do you do ?
that is cool . i collect stuff i find at the beach
yes . i teach yoga on the beach , and comb before classes
i like more mellow music
that is so good for you . we can be friends
do you have kids ? i have a little boy
it is very rewarding that is for sure
how are you doing today ?
really sad and missing my deceased husband . do you cycle a lot ?
he was in a car crash . i only broke my arm . which i have done cycling too
not much after breaking my arm . i like going out and socializing more
out to eat a lot . i have 6 siblings so i was guaranteed to be social .
my parents divorced so it was always a mad house . i wish i was in your shoes
it was sometimes . what else do you like to do ?
really just anything around people . i love having company .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i just picked up the new 360 cam from samsung , gonna try it out this weekend
well i kind of have to with 5 kids lol
that is cool , do you get to meet a lot of new people ?
did you take those in high school ? my favorite class was art
that must be tough lol
wow , that is really interesting !
hi how are you doing
why is it that your single ?
you do not need to change for anyone .
no but i like running .
definitely is a good habit .
a full body workout at the gym . how about you
sound entertaining . do you enjoy gaming ?
hello what is up with you ?
are you taking any special classes ?
me too but i play the trombone
parents say if i do not keep my straight As no more band
i do but it is hard sometimes i just want to hang out with friends
a nice party is just so fun to just cool down after band
but i have to study love my grades too much
hi , i enjoy football . what do you do for fun ?
nice ! do you have a favorite band ?
haha no judgement here ! i love Kings of Leon
yes , i got married at my Christian church 2 years ago
who is worse ? your wife ?
ahh i see . what about your father ?
i am so sorry about that
not that i can think of . you ?
hi ! any exciting plans for the weekend ?
oh my ! i have never had a squirrel pot pie ! are you good with the gun ?
wow ! i myself am pretty good with the gun i have army experience
yes , but i do not like killing . my freckled face likes to also read romance novels
do you sell it ? what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! i am amazed at your skills !
hey how are you doing today
yeah its that time of year . i am in london for a trip just got here yesterday
do you like animals ?
the city makes me agitated . i get like that a lot
that is understandable . what kind of tv shows do you like
that is a very popular show . i like game shows i love playing along
that show is great i really like jeopardy
what do you like to do for fun
hey how are you today
i am doing ok . i have mass this week
yeah it does . what do you do for a living
that is cool do you have anything published that i might have read
wow i might check it out . i am a librarian
i like science fiction and mystery
aww maybe you will find someone soon
hi how are you doing
i just got out of my princess bed and started my day
i would come with you but i have a 4 year old
my mommy usually makes my lunch
i will be right down sounds good
i love dogs that would be fine
i live in ohio but travel
everywhere anywhere that is not here
hi how are you tonight ?
cool . what do you do ?
what are your hobbies ? any pets ?
that sounds dangerous . i was a wild child but i'm not that wild
did that hurt very much ?
do you have any other hobbies ?
do you travel much ? always wanted to go to Ireland
hola ! how are you today ?
ha ! i wish i understood you . i know 1 spanish word . . .
no pets . how about you ?
very interesting . what is your family heritage ?
nice ! i love learning about new cultures . i come from a native american heritage .
no . more of the the northeast for now .
i can see you are very humble about it lol
hi how are you this morning
that is interesting do you play or watch sports
oh i like to watch tennis since i play it when i can
that is cool you must be able to get nice clothes
that is cool do you like it
hiking can be fun do you like watching movies
hi there ! how is your day going so far ?
cloudy here . but it feels more like fall so that is exciting .
it was pretty good . summer is exciting . i actually get to travel next month !
i will be on a cruise so multiple places . do you travel ?
i have not fished in sometime now . i breed maine coon cats so that takes up time .
i am not fan of trump , never was . what about you ?
i did too . it should have been bernie really .
hello , how are you today ?
how interesting . i do not do anything but act . i would love to be creative .
very cool . i started acting at 10 , made my first movie at 18 .
i have four kids , one boy . on the set of a telenovela , that is .
i am , i do not have any but i do love them .
i am so sorry . how old was he ?
my sirius passed at 8 , he was my world
i am not married yet , my boyfriend is a detective , and he says we have to wait .
what are you up to today ?
petting my beautiful cat . her name is cow because of her spots
wow ! that is so cool . what do you do for fun ?
wow you do a ton ! i do gymnastics
i am a pro . my boyfriend loves watching me
i am in america . i compete in the olympics
nothing yet . i just got into it . do you drink coffee ?
you should try french vanilla coffee anyway
hi there . i will try to make this fast
i like to ride my bike a lot . i am fast with that
i try to be athletic and fast . does not work all the time
enjoy it . life is too short no to
that is what life is about . bouncing back . good for you . i try to keep brown hair
i am someone that wears contacts
nope i would not be . i can believe it
nope . i am someone that is not able to be fired . sorry . you lose .
mine is way way better bro sorry
but i am . so they knew right away that i was greater than you
hi how are you today
good do you work anywhere
cool do you eat meat
gross i am a vegan
power to the people i say
like iron man power suits ?
oh iron man is way cooler
yeah he is quite witty
good morning , how is your weekend going ?
good . i am studying and eating cookies ll !
music makes the world go round . i am thinking of starting a new painting .
i do watercolors . what kind of a band ? rock , r b , country ?
i do , 3 . how about you ? do you sing also ?
oh . i love to sing but am bad at it . i can cook though !
do you make your living through music ?
it would be awesome to have such a creative career . i am still studying .
hello , how are you doing ?
i love to read , and love to watch comedy shows when i can
my parents died in a car crash , so i like to build model planes
i am from london and i love the outdoors , camping and such . . .
i am sorry about your legs
www , i would help you if i could . . . . . .
hey , how you plan on spending the day ?
good , and you ? thinking about a drive weathers nice , how bout where you are ?
alright i hear that , you got that bad music playing all day . i like rap .
i write lyrics , trying to be like 2pac he was the best
good one ! california love is my top favorite ? you dance professional ?
nice . you have a car ? i got a black sport baby she is fast .
that is good , i just finally got mine paid off you will get there
i like to m . c . at parties . i love to run the show
hello , i am ok with giving my life for my country .
haha what a problem . do you think women like army rangers ? i am one .
give me some ladies . long army deployments get me away from the normal life .
did you turn it down ? my wife and kids live in the states .
she lives in the states and have several lovers .
no she has several lovers .
my life is crazy but some how i am std free .
i know right ? i secretly love these long deployments away from normal life .
hey partner , my name is ray and one of my hobbies is swimming with manta rays
nice to meet you too , do you like running at thing or away from things ?
did you know that they had an exhibition about hamburgers in the smithsonian , i love that place
man i hate the cold too , winter is the worst of all seasons , but i need it
i am a sky instructor , but my real passion is the smithsonian
be careful , have not you watched the csi my favorite show smithsonian episode ?
why so much sleep man , have not you heard of real african american hours ?
you have not heard about them cause you sleep too much boy
hello , how are you this evening ?
hi gwen , what do you do for fun in the great white north ?
i love hanging with my friends . ca not be without them . we will drive for hours .
fun ! do you have any piercings or tattoos ? i have 10, but I wish I had more tattoos to showcase my love for art.
cool . do you have any bad habits ? i smoked for a while , but i quit .
but fish is not too bad for you .
oh no . i see what you mean . but it is soooo good ! !
hi ! what are you doing ?
awesome ! i love the tale of genji . have you read it ?
i watch dogs while their owners are out of town . you ?
i used to swim . my mom drowned when i was a kid .
that has to be difficult . my dad is here at the university
texas a m , my dad works here , yes i am a student
oh no ! i am sorry . my niece has epilepsy .
that is good . so you have a son ?
hi there i moved to the usa when i was 14 , are you from here ?
i m in my 30s as well and i have 3 kids .
yes my mom and dad only speak italian so i know both languages .
that is really cool . what are their names ?
ooh nice . i got married before i was out of high school .
aww that is sweet . do you cook ? it is my favorite hobby ?
i hear that , my kids have a hard time with it to .
nature walks are a lot of fun .
hello how are you doing today ?
pretty good just walked to work .
i am in finance . love numbers so !
are you excited ? how long will it be for ?
that is cool . i am more of an outside person . play a lot of soccer .
yeah that would be rad . i would love to do that . the rush !
that yellow color, it's my favorite for sure !
awesome tks , as a child i dreamed to be an architect
teacher cool , nowadays i plan weddings
kinda , 80s music is the only music , i love it !
anything but ghost interest me , i am fascinated by them !
yellow is my most favorite color, what's yours ?
do you like trains ? i love thomas the train .
my grandfather was whole taught me to love them .
yes , i also love reading books about them . i can draw them too .
thomas the train , we read them at school .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog .
i used to have a calico cat , she was 21 , she passed yesterday
that is okay , she is over the rainbow bridge
hi there , i am bob .
do you talk on the phone ? i love doing that
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
i gamble a lot do you ?
do you love hiking as much as i do ?
burritos are my favorite too , i order in spanish .
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
hi ! how are you ? a busy mom of 5 here .
what do you like to do for fun ?
what do you do that you work so hard ?
must be fascinating ! i do crafts those are fun . and also enjoy drawing .
yes , a lot of it is done with them ! what music do you like ?
nice ! do you like watching movies too ? its nice when i get spare time
no , i am not picky , i eat anything
yes , i am married to my husband . are you ?
hey , how are you doing ? i am ready to go to the club .
that is too bad . i work hard myself to save up for cosmetic surgery
i am making some change to myself but my gf does not understand .
trying to turn into the real me . i want to be happy as myself someday .
i work as a veterinary assistant . what do you do ?
yes , i love them better than cats . my dog is my life .
dressing up to go clubbing and dogs are my favorite things .
my yorkie is named seamus . i have had him 4 years now .
hello ! how are you today ?
i live in north carolina , but i am visiting my parents in florida , they just moved over here
awesome ! i work with maine coon cats and show them off at shows . what are your hobbies ?
japan would be a cool place . i am actually going a cruise out of the country next month .
jamaica ! my brother who is currently living with me will be watching my house .
me too ! i really enjoy cooking so i made cordon blue earlier . and you ?
hello ! how are you today ?
that is great to hear ! are you a competitive rider ?
we need you ! as a top lawyer in a large firm . . your work is appreciated .
tough choices make for hard earned payoffs . am i right ?
i have a few kids with one on the way . youre welcome to join us
happily married to my beautiful wife for 15 years this winter .
true love requires hard work , compromise and friendship . you can have that too !
hi ! how are you ? i am in band and i love music !
i play percussion in band and piano for fun
i am still in school so its just a hobby for now .
i do not like sports . more into watching tv haha
i have a fishtank , but i am too busy with school for anything else
mostly my mom takes care of it . she is awesome
yep . she is a sous chef at an italian restaurant
i wish the night was not falling
nah i just hate when its dark , i am a runner
a marathon runner that loves to swim
ll do not we all . i love apples do you like fruit ?
ll no , that is not a fruit .
ha ha ha ! was that so hard ?
yes i am a fall baby !
hello there ! how are you ?
my name is sarah . just got done walking my dog . and you ?
that is awesome . you can set your own hours .
i do ! i for one am a sushi fan . what type of foods do cook ?
how amazing ! sounds like fun . what do you do on your spare time
no , i have not . will have to look them up sometime . what type of music do they play
hello , how are you today ?
other than having a headache from dealing with numbers all day , i am doing fine .
nothing wrong with fashion . even my two dogs enjoy a bit of fashion in their clothing !
sure , but its becoming a bit embarrassing when i take them with me on my runs .
that is true . so , what type of work do you do or what are your hobbies ?
accounting is my daily life . cruising in my sports car is my hobby .
yes , money does come in handy !
true , there are more important things in life . bruno mars is one ! haha
hello , how are you doing today ?
i see , you ever try to paint ? i love doing that when i am stressed .
cool , cool . . i just started selling cars , maybe you want to test drive something to the club ?
my wife recently lost her job teaching , so i could really use a sale .
i will sell you any car as long as i get some pizza money , mmm my favorite !
used , new , what do you need ? just say anything , i can help .
oh , ok sure . anything else ?
my wife used to teach . . but now i sell cars to buy my favorite pizza and paint pictures .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am in college as well , i am studying art history .
that is going to make your career interesting . especially when someone has pizza .
i do photography on the side .
i have r2d2 on my ankle .
i love star wars , i used to have a cat named kenobi .
i have a dog now , her name is jasmine . i love animals .
how are you doing today ?
i am good thanks . where are you from ?
i am a cook . what so you do ?
yes i love to cook
have you ever been outside of ohio ?
i like the red hot chili peppers
i am from cali . . . have you ever been ?
hello ! how are you tonight ?
i am good ! i am pregnant !
that is awesome ! this is my first child !
not yet ! the only pet i have is a horse . her name is beauty .
she is a clydesdale ! we live out in the country so she has plenty of room !
that has its perks though ! are you married ?
oh okay ! i have a husband . he is in the army so he is away a lot
yeah , that must be nerve wracking while he is at work
hi how is your day going ?
i am in a mess . i started dating my boss .
he came to where i sing and we slept together . turns out he is my regional boss .
true . so you are hanging out with friends ?
no , i just turned 20 and am not anywhere close to ready for kids .
do you stay at home with the kids or work outside of home ?
owning a business and kids seems like a lot to handle .
agreed , i am working at a real estate office right now .
hi , are you vegetarian ? i wish i was .
oh man . i just love meat too much , especially pork .
oh that is really cool !
that is good you keep busy . i do so by doing all our shopping .
dang . you are really ambitious , so not like me . but i admire it .
i bet ! ! you sound like you could use it .
i like to watch netflix .
okay have a great day !
what are you up to tonight ? i just got home from a football game
oh that is cool , are you in college ? i play in the nfl .
the philly eagles . it is my 2nd year now .
i do . but i gotta watch what i eat with becoming a playoff quarterback this year .
oh yeah lactose and gluten are common allergies now days .
does that upset your stomach ?
i do not blame you . even during the football season i still eat ice cream every night
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i live in irvine california
i love the bay area
what do you do for a living ?
i am a full time student
i am studying biology right now
i think i want to stick with medicine
hello , do you like Stephen King novels ?
i started reading him when i was ten ! i am in Canada , you ?
give him a try ! have you ever been to France ?
i have two . i am a graphic artist , what do you want to study ?
very nice ! science is a great area , we need more people in science .
no , i am finished with that , thankfully .
you should . do not get discouraged .
you are most welcome . what area do you like the most ? mine is astronomy .
greeting from my seventies.
i am great , i am on a boat !
yea i also have a cabin i can hide from the grandchildren in .
i feel your pain , just run for the hills man .
sure i like to listen to too short .
that sounds like a great way to spend the weekend .
i want to go to the lake
no way , i have seen ozark on netflix , no thank you .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog named toto
oh , i am sorry to hear that . i guess that you do not like meatloaf , that is my favorite
oh , okay . have you ever traveled overseas ? i have visited my grandma in denmark
japan is a great country too , but i have only been to denmark
just a little , but my grandma spoke it fluently
that would come in very handy in your line of work .
hi there . how old are you ?
oh shucks whats going on ? iam 71
i remember those days , i spend me days now gardening
well you should come to my house in the countryside i can show you my garden !
yes , i can make you a meal with my fresh vegetables !
i bet they do not have fresh carrots though , right ?
my small garden packs a mean punch !
hi there , how are you ?
just enjoying a cup of coffee . coffee makes a happy me
yes , i could not bear the hour-long commute to work every morning without it
i have a huge paint job ahead of me today too . think i might blast some pink
fries . nah , i would rather have a bowl of pasta my wife makes . its the best
then you should not eat the fries haha
then that is just fine . as long as you are happy
wow , you sound pretty ! we should hang out sometime
whats up hows it going
nothing much tucking my girls into bed . i have two
i am a people kinda person so i have kissed a lot of people
i hear you . my hubby works at telecom amd tells me all the gossip about his coworkers
where are you lookin ? i hate work so i just stay at home
that is cool . i love mountain climbing so it's sorta the same . being up so high
hi how are you ? i am sad from a broken relationship
he said i was weak and selfish . i am hoping to change
trusting in god is getting me through
hating evil and having my mind on things above
that sounds nice . what else do you like ?
nice . my hurt heart just cannot think of that kind of fun
yes , i certainly hope so
yes , keep up the spirt
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
that would be wonderful , thank you for asking .
i work on old cars , mainly corvettes . what about you ?
that sounds fun . my dog and i love to surf . his name is tupac .
yes , after the rapper . he is a german shepard .
i am not a fan of her , or anyone like her .
sure , do you make knives too ?
that does not sound like something i would watch .
howdy ! i am all alone in the world , and ready to mingle !
i do like to read , but only ebooks . physical books are for the past .
what do you read ? i read anything by kafka . i really relate .
koontz is like a samsung and kafka is the iphone , which is to say worse .
true , some people simply have better taste . how many monitors do you have for your computer ?
i cannot stand rude people . I use two screens , so I can always watch youtube in one .
me ? rude ? how did you come to that conclusion ?
in my room . no one loves me , so I have no reason to leave .
good evening . read any good books lately ?
do you have any hobbies you would really like to talk about ?
well , aside from reading true crime books , i am too busy studying .
i am working on my masters in sociology . hope to work in hr someday .
i am in my last semester . are you in school ?
then you must be working . or just taking some time off ?
what do you do for work ? do you like it ?
hi how are you doing today ?
nice been a while since i have rode . i just got back from swimming
just high school . do you make lots of money , i wanna buy lots of sports cars
designs get me . i play driving video games so i can test them all out
wow , who do you live with now ? i live with my mother and grandparents
my dad left us . my small family are my three best friends
i have come to find that people have many definitions of the term love .
any cool hobbies beside horse riding
hey there . hows it going ?
whats not to like about winter ? except white walkers , of course .
i should be good at running since i am so lanky , but i am awful at it .
i wish that was the case . what do you do for work ?
i do side gigs mostly . looking forward to halloween so i can work haunted houses .
i only decided to do it because people tell me i look like a skeleton .
hi how are you doing
good do you have any pets
i have a fish he is pretty boring
a beta do you like poetry
that is interesting so you like volunteering
oh ok i volunteer for the homeless
yeah it feels very rewarding
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am good . what are you up to today ?
nice i am probably gonna head to the mall in a bit .
i do not have any kids . i have a big family six siblings .
not in public but , if i were in the shower then yes .
whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
sorry , i was just listening to some country music . what kind of music do you like ?
i love animals so much i refuse to eat them . i am a vegetarian .
i have one dog , on his birthday i love to bake him a special cake
you can get some great recipes on the internet . i love the internet .
i hope you get a beautiful bouquet !
i am , sometimes i even make a cake for my husband !
i think i dropped outta high school too soon .
in the 10th grade . i hated math and was never good at it . i would read instead .
there are books on cosmetology . you should check one out
i would rather read three books over the course of a week .
yes , but only in french .
i can read two perfectly . french and english .
hi there how are you ?
good , i dreamed of spaghetti .
well i go to elementary school
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i really really like hot dogs
i really like waffles too
i play tennis sometimes too
i want to play football one day
hello . just enjoying the cool desert breeze . what are you up to ?
they have a lot of those here , this area is mainly desert . i love it .
me too . i have these dreams i am on a college campus . . always wanted to graduate college .
do not have the money to . i am smart enough , high iq . just cannot afford it sadly .
what do you enjoy drawing ? drawing is very fun .
that is interesting . sometimes i draw myself with brown eyes instead of blue , just out of curiosity
there is not much to do here in the desert . i like to bike ride , bird watch
what do you daydream about
hello , how are you tonight ?
same , except i am excited for halloween not christmas
do you have like amazon prime or something ?
oh , how so ? is she really into online shopping
hmm , i had that same , i had a breast reduction and have never been happier
that was a big part for me , also being able to actually run places
maybe start a go fund me
it feels good to help other
sup what is your name ? mines is gerald
i live for basketball what do you like to do
that is cool i hope to own a green poodle one day. its my fave color
we have blue plates at mcdonald now. that is where i work
cool do you listen to rock music while you drive ? that is my jam
that is hardcore i can dig that
hey there do you like to read ?
i like to read history books .
what part of the bible do you like ?
i like to only do history , i teach it .
i do , i want my hair done and mexican food .
when ? i am still in new hampshire .
yes what time and where ? i would love too .
hello , what time do you usually walk your dogs ?
i work as a veterinarian , so i love animals . what do you do for a living ?
ohh wow . that is a long stretch
i like to visit my mom , without my dogs as she is allergic to dogs .
would you consider yourself a fanboy ?
haha , i love garfield . i wish todays generation got to grow up with him
do you like to smoke marijuana ? they are slowly legalizing it across the us .
hi there , did you know its less than 4 months until christmas ? ! ?
i work at a party store so i get all the best christmas stuff . i love it !
what do you mean , not having much time ?
oh , ok . do you have a big family to shop for ?
oh ok . i am adopted . i did not meet my birth mom until i was 16 .
it was ok . less people to shop for around the holidays lol
hi ! my name is river song . i am named for my grandmother . who are you ?
hi miss got my nails done ! how did they turn out ? mine are a brocade pattern !
did you know my grandmother ?
it is fall . that is appropriate
really ? oh that would be neat . to feel so pretty in front of all those people !
and i like walking , so i could do pageantry , i think . if i were prettier .
owen is a great name . my best friend is named owen thomas , after his father .
i am a writer . i write romance novels and erotic fiction .
good morning , i love cooking stews what is your favorite food
yummy , i am an old lady who makes most dishes from scratch
i always use lots of cheese , do most cooking to the sounds of frankie sinatra
that is very interesting , what tone do you sing at
my grandson has ice blue , they dance as we love to watch spongebob
do you enjoy the smell of apple pies baking ? my favorite to bake
served with ice cream and caramel .
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i just finished my daily workout .
oh . do you like sports ?
oh . i do not like tacos either . but i love basketball .
i enjoy watching pretty much any sport .
are you in to cars ? i want a ferrari .
i have many cars , but not a ferrari .
you must really like them !
hey there . i have been drawing a lot and need a break . want to chat ?
my drawing are comics . i read more than bike .
pennsylvania . just got back from a comic con in new york though .
i watch a lot of anime . i am trying to learn japanese too .
i am still in school too . i do not have a job yet .
me too ! do you role play at all ?
i am not a big sports fan . i am pretty nerdy .
hi there ! how are you ? i am maria .
i am good . i have a spanish last name but tell people it is italian .
it is diaz . came from my step dad but he ignored me .
i also try to wear cardigans to make me look better . more cultured .
i am a programmer . it is all i know . not sure if i enjoy it .
you are very tight-lipped about yourself .
so i see . it is ok .
your what has a bank , a restaurant , subway and empty ?
good evening . how are you ?
oh , tired . its a hand full being a mom 24 7
i hear ya . i have 2 boys that like to go out camping every month .
i am a day person . i like riding horses .
very cool . do you like music ? i love justin timberlake .
lol ! i understand . its all good .
oh no . two boys keep my hands full .
hello . how are you today ? my name is rob !
haha that is too funny . did i tell you where i live ?
i love coffee ! i am having one now in my apartment .
i live in boston in an apartment with 4 pets !
is chicken and rice your favorite food ? mine is jello .
tell me a fun fact about yourself . personally , i have never been able to whistle !
what else do you do for fun ? i like this card game magic the gathering .
we play twister at family parties . it is too funny .
hey how you doing ? i am rob !
cool ! ! what do you do for a living ?
cool ! i am a student ! i cannot wait to finish high school !
what kind of car are you looking for ?
me too ! they keep me healthy !
same for me ! eating healthy is very important ! !
sure , but i prefer playing guitar ! i play guitar in a rock band !
hi how are you doing
i play games too much to eat
i am a pro at that
green and what is yours
those are both cool colors
i love to sing when i can
that is the best place for me
hi ! i am currently majoring in psychology .
i listen to my favorite band , avett brother , while i am at the gym .
i live in pittsburgh pa , i love the steelers !
i travel , i love to do it . i enjoy going to broadway shows all over .
that is cool . tell me something else about you !
that is cool . well i have to get back to my studies soon . is there anything else ?
i am good . just trying to make this money and you ?
i just want to afford this life lol why is that so hard !
hi how are you doing ?
good jus done with my hospital shift .
psychologist . i work in the trauma unit .
rewarding but tough sometimes . long hours
what do you do for a job ?
love animals . am a vegetarian myself . got to be tough sometimes .
sure is . animals have souls too .
that is so cool . would love to do that .
hi , nice to meet you ?
i work around here and there
i do not have a pen
okay , good to know .
what type of food do you like ?
i enjoy meat for my meals
hello ! how is your day ?
great , taking my dog to the park . how many cats do you have ?
wow ! you have me beat ! only 2 of each here .
i am the domestic house wife . nothing crazy over here .
that sounds nice . very tranquil which is what i need .
i love zumba . i feel since now i am thirty , i need to exercise more
that is definitely a lot of work . plus a husband . yikes !
yes pets help keep the mind healthy .
i will not travel on the bus
my mother and father are no longer alive
i cannot get happiness in small items
i hear tunes for 5 hours a during 24 hours
i will never sit in the bus
i will not work more than 4 days in succession
i see happiness in tiny items
hey . how are you doing ?
that is pretty savage . so whats popping ?
ouch . so do you have any hobbies ? do you work ?
nice what kind of music do you play ? blue grass ?
cool i go outside a lot . do you ?
its 85 degrees outside where i live . what about you ?
dang . i am in mississippi . i love florida . where would you rather be ?
hey , they call me blue eyes . do you have a nickname ?
i am barbecuing up some steaks and kebabs . meat is so good .
where do you walk ? i go through the desert , i love it .
hmm , i do not quite see the correlation there but okay .
do you go to school ? i dropped out to fulfill my dream of traveling .
what do you do all day then ?
that sounds less than thrilling .
well that is all that matters .
hi
my only buddy is bella
my beloved bella she is a toy-sized dog.
i work for a newspaper company
i am from New York. I used to work with my dad in his butcher shop.
no way, me and Bella get the papers done together
the newspaper, you tell me ?
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
how fun ! i run a school , my wife used to be one of the teachers .
its very rewarding ! my favorite subject to teach is art , i love painting .
new york is wonderful , their pizza is great . i love the meat lovers pizza .
oh yes . i live near manhattan , on the weekends i sell cars there .
new jersey . only a train ride away !
hi there , i am sarah , nice to meet you
i am sure it is ! what do you like to do for fun melissa ?
cool ! i am more of a sports fan , love watching tennis or golf on tv
i drive a prius . perfect 5th grade teacher car here in oakville ny
you should trade it in for a blue one ! what do you like to do to relax ?
i personally love reading by the lake on the weekends to relax
you should come visit me sometimes and we can go
yes , oakville . what did you do ?
how are you doing today
wish i can live in the dorms next year
i m currently in college barely started
actually help me process science classes
that s pretty awesome what kind of music do you
what kind of music do you listen to
it s pretty awesome do you think
hi , how are you today ? i am singing along with the radio .
one of my favorite bands is the mutineers . they are out of denver .
i have never been there , but my best friend moved there .
that would be an interesting experience . i am happy here in the midwest though
yeah , i like all the seasons . i am a pretty happy person , always smiling and singing .
sometimes i annoy people . do you like to read ? i love books
sometimes i walk to a big oak tree in the summertime and sit and read books .
hello , i currently am enjoying my new ford f150 truck .
i love cats too , my favorite is the russian blue .
that terrific , you must be very creative , i like to draw in my spare time .
very nice , today i am working around the house , which is now paid fyi .
i still enjoy my job , i am a firefighter .
that is awesome , where do you like to travel .
i thought about becoming a pilot , i still might go for it .
i think i will look into it .
hello how are you doing ?
i always had a problem with eye contact when going to school i do not miss that
no do not want to . have you ?
i think i had better go and take a cold shower after hearing that
do you play video games ?
me too i love halo 3
well hello there ! how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . anything interesting with you ?
rip jeff porcaro he was an awesome drummer . I wish I had the chance to see Toto perform live before Jeff Porcaro passed away.
it was a long time ago . anyway , i just got back from the mall .
nothing for me , but i helped my daughters pick out stuff , which i love to do .
i am so totally into all things food ! i love being a home chef . pizza lol
mine is grey , and i will have to add you to my chat friends !
hi there . how are you doing ?
yeah that is tiring . how many kids do you have ?
i have two . and i am love taking pictures and videos to remember them this small .
i love little diners . do you ever wonder about the next life ?
where we will end up ? reincarnation ? i try not to think about it too much .
interesting ! i would enjoy work like that .
i bet it puts a smile on peoples faces . i love to do that .
i enjoy reading tarot cards and making candles . you ?
hello . how are you today ?
i am fine . what is your favorite music ?
i play tennis ! do you ?
i like to crochet ! that is sort of the same thing .
no . i wish i had a cat .
what is the name of your dog ?
no i do not . i am just a lifeguard .
yes . i am not good at swimming which is a problem sometimes .
hey how are you today ?
i am doing . i just got finished riding my bike
it is good exercise and helps me keep my legs strong since i am a waitress
sometimes . if the weather is good
i do . me and my 5 brothers and sisters love animals
they are man best friend
i do . do you like drawing
that is cool . it is one of my favorite things
hi , how are you doing today ?
that stinks . i love to drive for hours .
i like hanging out with my friends .
i have two dogs i love .
i do not play sports .
i have a lot of piercings . you ?
i gave up smoking last week !
it is really not good for you .
hi how are you today ?
it depends on how hard its raining . where are you from
i hear its nice there i am in pittsburgh and love the steelers
no i do not sorry . what do you do for a living
slow computers are annoying . i work at the local library
i help out at the animal shelter and go to concerts
do you know anyone who is single ?
i am a female who works out
only if you do not mind how much time i spend on hair and make up .
what do you do for work manly man ?
marketing , i love it so much .
oh of course , what do you like ?
i like watching the packers .
hi there . hows it going ?
hot peppers and meatballs ! winner . wish i made enough money to order pizza lol
i spend a lot on pens . i have a weird obsession with them .
the most epic of drummers . i like to think about what that life would be like .
wish i did not have to work so i had more time for that . that and writing .
i hear that . really lets you escape and create your own reality .
world building really is a treat . far better than any movie or tv show .
i have got 1 novel in the alpha reader stage . not published yet . hoping by 2020
hello , how are you ?
i do to , but i piddle a lot so my days go slow .
i do all kinds of things . jack of all trade !
i do like trucks . what do you do for a living ?
that sounds fun , i like to be alone most of the time .
i hate to disappoint my family by staying in all the time .
wow , sorry you feel that way !
so what do you do in your free time ?
hey there , how are you doing ?
i am doing decent . i puffy cause i ate seafood
yeah , but i had some shrimp . do you have a cell phone ?
i have an iphone 7
nice , do you like the winter ?
oh i love hot chocolate and watching the snow
dang that does sound nice though
is that so ? do you have allergies ?
hi there , how are you ?
i just got off work at the coffee shop around the corner .
my three roommates are being incredibly noisy at the moment playing video games .
singing is great ! i recently went and got my eyebrow pierced and it still hurts .
what kind of dance ? i am in a grunge band with my sister .
do you enjoy it ? what do your parents do ?
my parents both teach at the high school i attended .
well not anymore since i graduated last year .
hello , how are you . i am fine .
i am busy with my kids and hubby and pets . how about you ?
me too . i am not too fond of the dog though , i hate walking it .
i dislike exercise in general . especially running .
what kind of work are you looking for ?
that is cool . i just know english .
orange is my favorite , what colors do you have trouble with ?
hi , how has your day been ?
how exciting ! what are you in school for ?
i am studying the effects of peanut allergies and how to overcome it .
no way , my whole face swells up beyond recognition when i eat one .
i mean , it is not a good thing that is for sure .
i may not be a beauty queen but i eat my veggies . health is important .
are your grades not that great ?
oh ! i misunderstood what you meant .
i currently have kids
wow , lucky you , is she smart ?
my kids drive me nuts . i have 17
too many kids i know
please give me some money
oh my i would cry
yes ! ! i will be happy to
i would kill just to be able to buy a home
hi my name is sharon
oh i can not do stuff like that because it takes too long
that is too bad . i have a job that keeps me really busy
that is great . are you going to take a vacation ? i need one
i think work is important but i need a break from mine
a little stressed . i have been looking into a trip to hawaii
i want to get out more but traveling is hard for me
i like to have things done just right and hotels make that hard
hello , how are you , how is going day ?
i am fine , what is your favorite dish ?
i like meat , pasta , what is your hobbies ?
eating ice cream , are you student ?
sorry , i was painter , you ?
my hobbies is cooking and painting
you have any animals in your home ?
i have one dog and some birds
hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?
that is awesome ! i am a gamer , and a cake decorator for fun and work !
any and all ! but fps are my favorite ! my cat watches me play , cats are the best .
my girlfriend and i are going to the pride parade . . lesbian pride ! what's your favorite book ?
that is great , i love the Tolkien series too , i read when i am not gaming sometimes .
sounds fun ! you should get a cake ! keep us cake decorators in business haha
i hear ya , after donating money to cat pounds that is all i can afford too .
i am all packed up and ready to go back to school . how are you ?
i love being in the country and i love my animals but i am heading into the city .
i am going to miss my animals . i got too attached to some of them .
i like sitting on the front porch reading and i am going to miss that too
i love it in the country so i come back every chance i get
i like the big city too . its just a lot different than being with my animals .
hey i play drums too . i play rock , country and all kinds
hi how are you today , what do you like to do
that is great what genre movies are you into
awesome , i just started this new job
i am a librarian now in a whole new city
do you listen to nickelback ? i love them
do you know how to swim , i wish i learned at a young age
how many pets do you have
i was forced into it . it is a crazy dynamic
anyone there ? taking a break after a big meeting at my law firm
i can't imagine being allergic to food . i can't stand tofu myself
no pets yet . my wife spends her time dealing with our children
that's a strange thing to say . are you drinking and driving ?
sounds dangerous . have you fallen yet ? i'm a lawyer .
a lot . plus when we bought our mcmansion it was lots of paperwork as well
a huge home . i hate a small Prius car but a mega large home
besides my sensible Prius i have a Mercedes e63 s this year's model and a Maserati
hello . would you like to talk to a backstreet boys fan ?
well i will try to make it a little interesting .
i am tai . now i am only surviving because of the four pill i need daily .
just a immune disease . i guess that is why i love the taste of cheese .
yes ! i would go to school but i just do not like to drive . you single too ?
oh that must suck . i am sure you enjoy some hobbies ?
oh . well there is always a bright side to everything
how are you doing tonight
not a problem what are u up to
that is cool i am watching 24 hrs
yes i do at churches i do
that is cool do you like it
i bet you it does
i am a at home baker
hello , i am sue and used to have six cats .
i stay at home , i married my high school sweetheart .
not really , i wanted to be a writer , but never learned how to .
orlando , and where are you from ?
no , not able to travel , because i suffer from bad headaches .
i had six cats , but had to let them go .
gave them to family . had to call 911 for a bad headache .
my eyes are bad and do not wear my glasses .
how are you doing today
it is great that you have a good family
why would they not call you
that is very sad for them
do you not feel bad
oh i see i was not sure
i do not . what is it ?
last night , i read the bible before i slept . i love that .
i need to do that to teach eighth graders . what do you do ?
no . since i enjoy attending symphonies , do you have any photos or videos of that ?
my best gift at my wedding was an outfit from donna karen .
always good to be green . so tell me more about yourself !
and why do they worry ?
yeah , well anything can happen at anytime , tell them .
do you read the bible ? i read it nightly for understanding people .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am fine , just a student living at home trying to get my music industry degree
nice ! i hope to achieve my dream of playing music as a career
wow congrats . my creative parents push me to pursue my passion
ooh , my parents do not always have time for vacation . mom does telecommunications , dad works with cars
does she write books like anne of green gables ?
oh i am too scared to read horror books !
hi how are you today ?
what did you do this afternoon ?
i always get 8 hrs of sleep in
do you like phone calls ?
yeah texts are my favorite too
no it just means you like things that start with c
hi how are you today
that is a very helpful job to have i am getting ready to leave for college
i am sorry about your twins i bet that was hard to experience
you should never resort to suicide your other kids need you
i like eating the seeds those are tasty . i am a vegan so i do not eat meat
since my dad is a mechanic we had mostly car books
good evening ! enjoying the night off right now . what are you doing ?
my mother was a professional piano player ! i am at home with my daughter .
no , my little girl has allergies , sadly .
allergies are scary , i see a lot of bad cases at work .
i am an er surgeon , but i know what goes on in the entire er .
ours is decent , but we hope things will improve for my daughter .
likewise . have a good night .
same to you . do not give up on your dream for piano !
hi . i only drive toyotas for some reason .
good morning . i love pepsi . do you ?
i have one too , i talk in irc but i know not what it is .
i thought you were going to say you were in love with me . i am sad .
i like video games . they are fun !
i think your parents will love you no matter if gay or straight .
i am sure they love you quite a bit .
comics are lovely , i think .
hi ! how many siblings do you have ? i have 3
no family of my own yet . trying to plan a move to london soon
cool ! have you been to any soccer games there ? football as they call it
you should ! i hope my investments pay off so i can go soon
oh wow . i could help you with a savings plan . i work as an accountant
as an accountant for nike i am pretty confident in my abilities
maybe you should hold off on the corvette plan for a bit
hi i am carl . how are you ?
baking a few cakes before heading out to broadway . you ?
plays that i like to watch . i will take the scenic route there .
you must work a lot . are you married ?
you should just tell them , they will love you still . right ?
when i am stressed i walk through the central park . it helps .
what anime do you like the most ?
that is a good one , ciel is cool . i prefer the theater .
thanks i am sure i will . it is full metal alchemist .
thank you , are you married yet ?
hey , how is it going tonight
oh man sleep sounds good to me right now . sleep all day most of the time
what kind of dreams do you have ?
oh , sorry to hear that . sounds rough
well that is good . i am glad to hear it
oh wow . fee is always good
well , what matters are the people that take care of you . that is so important
yes . we are all here for a reason
hi how are you today
i am good do you have pets ?
do you guys have big brains then ?
i can tell you are crazy do you know why ?
my iq is 250 and you can not fool me
i only eat brain food like fish
i do like music but only classical for my big brain
hi i am okay tonight how are you doing ?
cool good for you i like to wear leather boots and skirts .
yes great dancer i am not close to 6 feet tall .
yes i ride my ford van in the winter when there is much snow .
my best choice of music is country on the weekends .
i am old enough i am probably older than you it is my character .
no i am not slow i follow my directions do you ? it is natural .
i am trying i am sorry baby enjoy it is just a conversation .
how are you today
i am good just watching tv
just chilling and making my son cake
lol why is that
his birthday was on the 11
that is cool i like shopping online
yes i did just get married and he turned one this month
oh ok that is cool
hello . how are you today ?
do you have any downtime ? i love soccer .
i love lbos game of thrones . have you seen it ?
do you eat meat ? i eat vegan . helps reduce my stress .
mashed potatoes in my favorite , my brothers too .
i use the navy's exercise program . my brother was in the navy .
i have lost 20lbs in two months . it definitely works !
hello how are you doing today ?
do you like the beach ? i love to surf
i went to school to be a nurse and i was in the army before as well
i am married with one child and i enjoy my career
its not hard at all
ahahah . where do you work ?
lol . i married the man of my dreams
so i want to be a nascar driver when i grow up . i am 14
i am a girl . i get what you mean . glass ceiling anyone ?
i only have 3 best friends so i am struggling as well .
when i feel bad i go for a swim
wanna be my new best friend ?
yeah , with my grandparents . do you approve ?
i am happy that you do too . can you teach me how to drive stick shift ?
hello how are you doing ?
very interesting . i am frank i run a grocery store .
that is great . do you love it ?
what do you do for fun ?
very cool . so do you like to read ?
a reading football player naturalist . just collected leaves today .
the only way to be my friend . i am with you !
hello how are you doing ?
oh , i am so sorry . i hope everyone you care about is safe !
i am doing well . i hope your leg heals quickly .
man , sounds like life is hard for you ! i pray everything works out .
that is wonderful . i am a librarian myself !
most definitely . its my favorite hobby . what about you ?
hi how are you today
i am great getting ready to try a new recipe i found
i love posting pictures and the recipe i used on facebook and twitter .
who is your favorite superhero
both of those are great heroes . have you seen the show supergirl ?
where are you from i am in austin texas
i hear it gets real cold up there .
hi how are you doing
i do not like flip flops i want shoes
i just love to lol do you
tanzania right now where are you
that is cool do you like it
it sounds like it is to me
that sounds good and fun
i am 33 and love brownies
hi how are you today
but it is raining outside
where do you work then
nice i want some beer
i do not but i have furry babies
you should , pets are great
yeah i want to move out
i live with my parents
hi how are you doing
i am good listening to music
coffee is great but i love my diet coke
go shopping hang out the usual
that is good what music do you like
i think i do what about you
that is nice so are you enjoying mine
hi how are you doing today i am fine ?
i am disabled i want to go back to school .
i want to take a nursing course .
i wished i could be an actor what do you do ?
that is good how is she doing have a nice trip .
oh my leave down enough food for them for the 4 days
i love pizza it is my favorite . and you ?
cool very healthy for you . my mom and dad are vegans .
yo what up . hows it going
tired . just finished my workout
nah i go to the gym yo . what do you do for fun then
predict my future . will i win my next drag race or nah
yo that is whats up ! are you good at anything else
you really live your life ! respect . i am nervous though . . .
i have a baby girl on the way . . . 4 kids already too
i am going to catch some fish and think this over . thanks dog !
hello , have you seen frozen ?
i love that movie , all disney movies really .
i serve lunch , lol . i am a waitress at my parents diner
i still live with mine , i am hoping to buy us a new home soon .
i walk three blocks over . i am also in design school
i do not drive , i live in nyc
oh no , that is horrid . how do you manage ?
that can happen , i guess . i would not like giving up tiramisu .
hello , how are you tonight ?
hello , gerald . i am mia . do you like video games ?
very cool , i am not permitted mcdonalds . i am on bedrest .
nice ! i think i work on social media .
i love purple , what is yours ?
green is an interesting color . my dog has green eyes
i do too , we have alpacas .
no , i do not like sports , especially now that i am on bed rest .
hi do you have any weekend plans ?
sounds busy . i am a grandmother and love spending time with my three grandsons .
i am a homebody . enjoy being at home
i enjoy going to park and bird watching . love country music
hope you have a great day too
hope you are not in the way of irma
hello , how are you today ?
oh , that sounds interesting . i have been looking for a new hobby .
i see . i find that going to work out is my vice .
that makes two of us , i also share your love of bars .
my mom passed away awhile back but she lived a long healthy life .
that is alright , i have been around long enough and am on the way out too .
do not worry , i am in good health due to my fantastic diet .
my apologizes , i stated eating healthy a while back and have been feeling great ever since .
hi , how are you on this fine day ?
i am having a pretty good day so far .
yes , but not on paper .
i love animals , so i could see wanting to have someone that loves them too .
i used to live off coffee with all my late nights playing in a band .
wow you really do love coffee .
someone once told me it dries out the beans .
you probably do not have the bags that long with your habit .
hello there ! nice to meet you . how's your night going ?
honestly , not great . my wife is dying of cancer , so life is hitting hard .
i am sorry . i used to be , but i got into karate . i just cannot kick cancer .
you need to find something active you enjoy . what interests you ?
ah , ok . what type of books do you read ?
hmm , do you cook ? you should check out a farmers market !
good evening . how are you ?
doing well . washed my hair . it took forever because it is long .
finished high school . want to go to college but i have to take care of my mom .
right on ! my bf lives in italy . he is learning italian .
sweet ! i work for a computer company . when i am not doing that i play video games .
same here . i got to go soon , i have to cook dinner . i detest cooking .
i am preparing chicken cordon bleu .
my ear hurts from that 10th piercing .
i ate three helpings of italian food right before .
i see . i was so hungry after driving that 10-hour drive .
i do not have time for bands . i have to be with my friends .
i wished i could of came . i love to drive long ways .
but then i would have to leave my best friends .
but they do not like the long drive .
hey ! hows it going ? i am tired of this job i have been at for two years
that sounds fun . i like the band hop along . . kind of like a bunny haha
cool ! i am a musician so i like a lot of music
i play video games , that is how i like to socialize and go online
it sounds like your son and i have a lot in common !
i hope he would like my music too . hop along is my inspiration
cool ! i hope you would too !
hi , any interesting things you want to tell me about yourself ?
cool . i speak several languages and work keeps me traveling a lot
maybe one day you should , it's not that scary .
oh okay , it's tiresome sometimes . i have not slept in my own place in two years
it's the lifestyle of being a programmer . always busy
i hardly have any , how about you ?
i am getting close to retirement so maybe i can catch a few tailgate parties
i am in secondary school now
i am lord of the dance , it competitive as you would expect
when you love the dance you have no time for siblings
well , i suppose disney movies , i love them and the dance
too bad , the best princess is ariel , although she did not dance
little mermaid , she is a princess , and my favourite
yes , high school is what i am in now , you ?
good morning , what are you doing today ?
getting ready to go , running late good thing my car is fast !
work i want to win a lottery so i can quit !
yes ! i am in marketing at a big corporation . music is my thing .
well , really i am a foodie . i love new restaurants !
what kind of food do you like best ? i love thai .
i like that too . if i win the lottery , i could go anywhere !
where ? i lived in vancouver for awhile , for my job .
hello how are you today ?
its hard for people to get motivated , i find alcohol in my coffee helps
really ? ? it goes very well with my favorite meatloaf .
its very good , though the cigarettes do not help my taste buds
that is plenty enough to start , plus it will help you lose weight
i doubt it mostly it just helps you look cool
it will also help you listen to good music like lindsey stirling
very good , she is my favorite singer
good morning how are you today
that is nice , do you have coffee ? i love starbucks
yes . i stay at home usually playing with my rose garden and my cat pickets .
pays the bills . my dad does that and he met my mom at woodstock
it is a timeless place that no one will ever forget in my opinion
did you go to college ? i was on the swim team
i am so sorry to hear that . i will send you some roses from my garden
hey hows it going all good ?
well you can try electronic music
that sounds great . just like nature
i was just doing that too
say hi to them for me
yea send some photos pls
hello ! do you have any spare change ?
oh , okay . we can just talk then .
i would be better if I had a drink .
are you in high school or college ?
are mustaches in style in your school ?
that is a shame , i love my gigantic mustache . i even curl the edges .
are you sure you cannot spare some change ? i would really love to get some whiskey .
whats going on ? how are you ?
i love a good taco . especially breakfast ones .
i do too . with white queso . not that tex mex nacho cheese crap .
cool . i want to go back to school .
well congratulations . you must have worked very hard . do you read often ?
i love being covered in a thin film of sweat for months on end !
i am an artist . i want to work at pixar, I wish I had pursued a career in art like you. Pixar sounds like a dream job!
such a great story of toys . i like those movies as well .
hi how are you doing ? i hope your having a good evening
it is going good a nice relaxing evening after a long shift
right now i am working as a waitress but i am also in school
i come from a large family so my siblings are always giving me educational lectures
well i am sorry to hear that sometimes i wish for peace and quiet from my siblings
i am more of an outdoor girl i like bike riding
well living in north dakota it keeps me from going bored
it is gorgeous here well have a good evening i need some sleep
good morning ! i am baking for a contest right now !
a highly requested cake . people love my baking !
everywhere really , my dad was in the army so we moved so much
when I am not at my nursing job , I am usually surfing . do you surf ?
my husband and high school sweetheart love that movie too !
i have a 4 , 3 , and 2 year old myself . they keep me busy
Candy Land , when they are getting along enough time to play together
yes ! tell me about it . i am ready for them to go to school
hello how is your day today , anything interesting ?
aw that is cute .
in the south as well . perfect place for my career . a photographer , beautiful scenery .
i enjoy having drinks with my friends at bars , not the outdoors kinda person .
delicious ! my tattoo artist always recommends this mexican place nearby .
pizza ! the owner of this pizza shop nearby has the cutest dog ! i love to visit .
do you have any tattoos ?
i have an entire sleeve . love mine
good afternoon how are you today ?
where do you live to be affected by harvey
i live in louisiana and we were affected also
i am employed in a grocery store
of course i can keep a secret
i love to ride my unicycle
gosh i hope not that is scary
i love pudding and it gives me gas
hey how are you doing ? do you have pets ?
good . i have a couple of dogs . that sounds cool
it is pretty fun . yeah i am . are you ?
oh are you a collector ? do you have any phobias ?
that is way cool . yes clowns . what is yours ?
that would be sad , are you older ?
i am 29 . i have a couple of roommates too . do you live alone ?
yeah they are just fine
hi . . how is ur weekend going ? ?
going on . . it was a good weather here this morning
not a big fan of movies . . i read lot of stuff
the martian . . its a lovely book
i work on robotics . . i am doing my major in that
i love it . . people says i am smart . . kidding
hello there , how are you doing ?
that is sad . try playing video games . i love playing video games
i love art . could you paint my two cats milo and fio ?
i was born and raised in canada . how about you ?
i like playing video games with my brother .
do you have siblings ? i have just one brother , who works at best buy
how much of it is left ?
sunday greetings to you . how are you today ?
married . i love sundays because i get to go to church christian and watch football .
well i like computers , i am an it person so anything technology related . and you ?
my dad was with microsoft and he gardened for stress relief . what do you grow ?
yes , we have great a great music scene here , i love kings of leon .
two , and they keep me busy every single day . how about you ?
yes , with two teenagers who eat all the time i need to cook regularly ! lol .
two cats , they are my furry friends . do you have any hobbies ?
how are you doing today
i am doing great . eating korean bbq
did you put hot sauce on it
i work in business financials
that would be great pay
swimming is my favorite thing
i like usc and traveling
hi , how are you ?
i do not have any pets . but i spend alot of time pet sitting .
is the cat hairless ?
that is definitely love .
reading , swimming , shopping , and netflix how about you ?
having you tried yoga or mediating ? very relaxing .
hi , i am vanessa ! are you on youtube ?
i have a youtube channel featuring makeup . so i cannot even call it work
yes ! that would be amazing ! i also do a lot of videos with my cat and traveling
no way that is awesome ! do you have animals ? my cats name is leela !
now i am jealous ! that sound like fun !
oh i see , do you get to travel a lot ?
yes , my dad is a pilot for an airline . so i get to fly standby !
hi
i am okay . a little tired from band practice .
cool . do you like football movies ?
that is one of my favorites . i want to direct films someday so i am a little obsessed .
my dad and i own over 600 movies . hard to pick just one , but . . . school ties
kinda old . about a kid who at a prep school that hides he is Jewish .
no , a drama . the kid is there on a football scholarship .
hello there hows your day going ?
that is awesome ! i am at home , waiting on a cake to finish baking
oh that must be fun ! i focus on wedding cakes
ll maybe if he sees a great cake . do all ever go to the theatre
that is so typical . i just live alone with my dog lol its easier
ll that is true . do you ever go walk at the park ? i love that
oh bozoo ! that is the bummer about convertibles .
i think you should ! he sounds like a jerk . i see it all the time
hi ! i am excited ! i just got 50k subscribes on my youtube channel where i do makeup !
i work out before i watch tutorials on youtube .
not yet but i ho to soon . i play golf on occasion .
true but hockey is a team sport tho .
i have been going to beauty classes .
very cool ! i am in florida . where are you ?
right out side of tampa .
hi do you like exercising of any kind ?
so what do you like to do in your spare time ?
sorry i am multitasking . . . . i do not mean to be rude
have you ever tried the video game mortal combat
i love the color purple how about you
that was an awesome movie back in the day
who are the artists you love to listen to
ok . . . do you have any children you take care of
hello how are u tonight
just got home from a fishing trip
no i did not eat yet what are u studying for
i go to a computer school
i just got a internship at a big computer company
i have 5 kids to feed so i need a good job
my mom is a big time lawyer what do your parents do
that is pretty good i like country music the best
how are you this evening ?
good . just got finished listening to a podcast near the park .
i am without a car so i have to walk there .
cool . what color is your favorite ? mine is purple .
i like any book janet evanovich writes .
wow ! it must be that good !
i use to be . i work now .
i just got back from the mall . it was rainy and nasty .
no its frustrating going to the mall when you are deaf . i constantly bump into people .
that is awesome ! i love playing tennis .
impressive ! do you have pets ? i have one dog , a pug named corky .
nice ! so are you in a relationship ? i am not . i date regularly .
that is great ! whats your favorite dish to cook ?
that sounds yummy . i love to cook too . i make my own recipes .
hi my enemy is a swing set due to i have 6 toes
i work on computers and wish i had contact lenses
no i just channel my inner twilight and make ribs
i used to live in kansas city but i broke my nose there
deer and buffalo make good barbeque
it was in grade 5 bullies galore cause i am smart
nice i wish my girlfriend would see that way
i can not write but i can type fast
hello , what is going on today ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am glad i do not have it . i love the outdoors especially gardening .
do you have any pets that you take with you when you run ?
oh , i have got a couple of boxers . what are your hobbies ?
cool ! i am the outdoorsy type , but i like to relax with a glass of red wine .
it is , it is ! what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! are you in music videos or do you teach or ?
that sounds really fun . my job is pretty boring . i work at a clothing store .
hello , how are you today ?
fine thanks . what do you do for a living ?
i see . do they like meat ? i love meat .
i love steak , i could eat it all the time .
no , i cannot afford it . i have no college degree despite my high iq . If I had pursued a college degree, I might have been able to afford living in the city.
plus you can grow your own meat , ambrite ?
no , i do not care for animals unless i am eating them .
hi dude ! what is up ?
same here . eating a cheese pie and having a few beers . what do you do ?
good for you . i study business and work as a cook .
i like to drink and dance , party stuff . do you have a wife ?
no i am a single man at college . heck yeah .
yeah , check out terence mckenna . do you party ?
i need sand in my toes and pizza in my face . all day . ha !
i will be a businessman . i will destroy rain forests to make palm oil . sound good ?
good morning , how are you ?
what kind of work do you do ?
oh i am a pharmacist and i have two dogs . you ?
wow that is a lot of pets .
i like to travel . i will be headed to paris this year .
unfortunately not shoes but books .
hi there . how are you ?
not bad . just working on a watercolor painting .
mostly mountains and landscapes . blue is my favorite color .
i would love to . not much time though , i am an accountant .
i do not play , but i would like to .
i am italian american . maybe i could sing opera ?
that would be great . how long have you been playing ?
wow . you must be quite good .
hi ! have you tried anything new ? i do not like to .
competitively ? when it comes to women i am competitive to them .
are they distrustful of people like i am ?
i go to the library to read books about distrust . i like it there .
that is great . libraries are awesome and full of endless knowledge .
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
sounds fun ! which do you like more ?
viking metal ? i do not know what that is . i will look it up !
hi how are you today ?
do you drink coffee often ?
i like blue what about you ?
do you have any children ?
i only have 1 son how do you do it ?
do any of them wrestle ?
oh i did wrestling back in the day
hi , what are you up to ?
trying to work in my lab but my kids are making it impossible , what do you read ?
work , scientist work , its my passion . do you like to diet ?
why did you stop eating meat ?
has it improved ? i have 3 children so it is hard for me to eat healthy .
that takes some serious dedication .
my real dream is to go to mars . . . . . alone haha
i love animals , do you have any ?
i watched her the other day , i am out of work at the moment . do you work ?
looking for a job . but at least it keeps me on a diet .
sometimes , i am on a diet .
i absolutely love , love spaghetti .
i do not get out much , always sitting on the couch .
cool idea , what state do you live in ?
i also love the beach .
hi what are you up to tonight ? just watching tons of tv here .
freezing here ! i miss the summer weather . this weather makes me so lazy .
same here . i live in wi so i can not escape the cold .
same here . i make cars . so i get stuck having to work in the garage a lot .
i do . the pay is not too great though . 30k .
i usually just relax on my couch and watch tv . eat mac and cheese . you ?
do you still ride it in the cold ?
hello ! how are you ?
what is an r and d ? i like animals so i do not eat meat !
how did you do that ? i am 77 and i still have not fallen !
wow ! very interesting . my grandson and granddaughter love fries !
what types of fries do you make ?
wow i would love to have some of those when watching my british tv shows !
the walking dead ! i am also retired but i was a computer programmer
i do not remember anymore i am too old !
hi there
tell me about yourself
oh nice. why is that?
help you do what?
what thoughts do you have about the pool boy ? do you fancy him ?
have you talked to him about this ?
voices ? like in your sleep or in your head ?
hello ! how are you tonight ?
gummy worms will do that .
well , i am sorry to hear that .
do you have any hobbies ? i like to make convincing bird calls .
i also like movies , young frankenstein is my favorite . i can recite it word for word .
that is a good movie too
hi my name is cup cake
i love to bake cup cake
well that good my favorite thing is baring
what is your favorite food ?
really my favorite food is fish
that great what sport do you love ?
that is so cool , i love biking
hi , i just finished listening to drake . what do like doing ?
i like messing around on the drums .
i really like cooking too . going out to eat is also a fun thing .
you mean with the hurricane ?
did they get flooded at their place ?
that is good . a lot of people are going to have to clean up a long time .
i know . its going to be a long time . insurance is probably not even affordable anymore .
i know what you mean . flooding is not something i like to deal with .
how are you doing today
i am doing alright getting ready
i am going to ask my girlfriend
yes it is very exciting
i am not sure yet
i am so very scared
and we have a baby
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing okay . i wanted to see hamilton at the plantages but tis sold out .
so what do you do for fun ?
oh very interesting ? i do not play video games much .
but actually going outdoors is cool . my favorite sport is tennis .
oh you are blonde that is cool !
well that is there problem .
hey , how are you today ?
not doing good . i am agoraphobic and am afraid of wide open spaces
ll ! ! ! i used to be a chef . what do you do for a living ?
nice ! i am not good with numbers . i am good with words and have been published .
i won 2nd place in a spelling bee when i was 11
i got the word eczema wrong .
tried it for a while . just not really interested . how bout you ?
can i read you some poetry ?
great . it is about black and skating .
i am in a band
punk music . i can sing you some .
i would like it more if it was black
i do not care . black is the best . my favorite .
i am not , it is just my favorite color
i am an old man and i love to garden .
i like to see my family every saturday . you ?
i do not have a cat . i do drink black coffee .
do you like talking to an old man ?
some day you will be old .
will you regret doing this instead of seeing the world ?
i hope you have no regrets . most people have many .
do you know how to dance wild in the wind ?
i make unique boats out of bamboo on the weekends . how are you tonight ?
oh not me , i like fishing too much to sit around watching tv .
well i live on a small island so not much else to do here .
a small island in hawaii . off the coast of maui , its not even on a map .
yes 75 degrees all year long . only 3 families and my dog live here .
i named him bob because his fur looks like a bobcat but he is a dog .
once you get used to the weather you will never want to leave .
hi , how are you today
i went to the ivy league , i do not have that problem
i would be bored , i love high energy wall street
i am so busy i eat out a lot
i am so lucky to not have to worry about money
i read the classics in college
are you saving for college
hello how are you what are you doing today ?
i want to play piano love movies but allergic to cats .
that is good i organize ymca and my hair is too short
i am a vegan also i hate animals
no i mean i hate eating them
yes but i do love them
yes i love cats on my room
yes i know they do not want them
hi there !
do you have a job or any hobbies ?
an author ? what kind of books do you write ? i work with drones !
oh nice . i love reading manga , but mainly i am an anime fan
what do you mean ? you are an author ? you must have some artistic ability ?
interesting way to put it ! what about sounds ?
i cannot either but i love techno music . its the only music i listen to .
hi . how are you doing tonight ?
how many kids do you have ?
no i do not . still looking to meet the right woman .
nice ! i do not go out much because i am busy at my accounting job .
i do enjoy it . it gives me the opportunity to lease my dream car .
a brand new bmw . it is black .
that is interesting . i have never been there before .
i am making my favorite food right now ! baked potatoes !
hello , how are you today ?
what is it about ? i generally like sci-fi and animated books
those are very diverse interests . i am not very athletic .
i am more of a gamer . comic books , anime . i really like my little ponies
i do not have any children . i could adopt but that is the only way i would have any .
you sound like you really like your niece
i bet she is . do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend ?
i see . i have a boyfriend but i cannot tell my parents about him . . .
hello how has your night been . . here in georgia the weather has been nice
i am ready for some cooler weather . any hobbies ?
i play the violin and love to sing all though i do not sing well .
i do data entry . how about you ?
oh how nice . i bet its nice there . any family ?
two brothers . how about your favorite food ?
that sounds yum . i could eat chocolate everyday all day .
what are your plans for today ?
i am planning on riding my horse tonight , her name is beauty
oh yummy ! you should bring some to my country house
no , just one in the country . waiting for my husband to come home
no not yet . i hope to be as good of a parent as my preacher dad
that is great . my husband is in the army . i miss him
no . but he does come home every 6 months for a few days
he does not have one . but he loves beauty too
hey there , how was your day ?
awe poor thing , what do you do in the diner ?
i am leaving for college , you should come ?
should not be a problem create a better life for yourself .
oh yes , summer is my fav ! there is so many fun things like that to do
wow overachiever ! that is to complicated for me .
so do i , but in the shower everything sounds great haha .
hello there . how are you today ?
i am doing fine , thank you . what have you been up to today ?
that is what i listen to when i drive to the country side during my pastime
fascia . living in a small town , i try to wear colors that scream . . . i need to get out !
black is all i see when i go shopping . must be the it color now
you can use it anywhere . even during college , a lot of girls wear black .
hi ! what are you up to ?
what do you do ? i just quit my job . been traveling a few months .
it is . have you heard of bitcoin ? i am doing a project involving it .
it is fun . so do you like to salsa ? i love it !
what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza .
that is terrible ! you have to eat !
do those vending machines accept bitcoins
interesting . and funny at the same time
hey there , how are you ?
ok . how old are you ?
oh nice , i am 25 . you have any kids ?
that sucks . i have not seen my parents since i joined the military .
yeah i get to see my son a lot though so it is ok .
that is good to hear . i have blue lately , like my favorite color .
yeah it is my son's favorite color too .
hello hope you are doing well .
i am just enjoying the fall weather . my favorite time of year . are you a farmer ?
i would like to farm but i sleep in too much . where do you want to travel to ?
that would be awesome . i would enjoy trying different healthy foods from around the world
yes . i only eat healthy foods .
i listen to classic rock mostly . how about you ?
are you married . i do not know why i have not found anyone yet
hello how are you today
i am doing ok just got off work going out with my wife tonight
we might go to the movies i want to take her somewhere special one day tho
i want to go to hawaii but just changed jobs after we got married
that is interesting what kind of dog do you have
you give him coffee that is not healthy
oh ok lol . what do you do for a living
wow that is cool ! i use to drive semis but now i fix them .
the parts cost the most . well she is ready to go was nice talking to you
i had to get of the coast where i live dang on irma
i work in the mall doing retail
sale clothes in von marr lol
i do miss the beach
its cool i also live a vegan lifestyle
you would love it where i live i promise !
my hair red but I want to dye it
hello i am paul
i love the color black that is all i wear
i love to listen to music especially rock
the best artist is guns and roses do not you think
my car is black and it go fast
my little sister is 10 that is cool
i want some ice cream
i like cookie and creams
hi ! do you like dogs ?
have to visit my mom today , and i cannot bring my dogs . how was london ?
i take care of animals for a living , so i disagree on the first part .
a few hours away , but she is allergic to dogs , so i cant bring cardiff , my mastiff .
what is because you get agitated quickly ?
i mostly just love dogs . i have two as pets , and two more as their pets .
you should get a dog . they have a natural superpower called calm human .
my dogs like green beans and steak . why are you making something you do not like ?
hello . how are you this evening ?
happy birthday ! what was your favorite gift ?
oh . is that a religious thing ? what do you do for a living ?
me too . my kids are older though and i get lonely sometimes .
fun ! it is embarrassing but i never learned to write cursive . i am trying to learn .
thank you . my favorite thing is snow and cold . what is yours ?
i would love to move to iceland . it is beautiful there . do you travel ?
wow ! yes . i know . those crafty vikings and their misleading names .
how are you doing today ?
i do not know what to make for dinner tonight .
i was an orphan never really had one
i love horses ! ! what is your favorite color ?
that is awesome ! ! mine is emerald green
i love music and i am in the military
most of our family has been in the navy . thank you ! !
good evening ! how are you doing ?
doing good . thinking about ordering some food .
that sounds good . what kinds of toppings do you like ?
i like bacon and ham .
i like fish too , but really like mexican food .
yes , those and the food that are wrapped in tortillas .
wow . that is tall . guess i should drink more milk !
democrat ? not me ! it would interfere with time spent at the mall .
hi ! how are you ? do you like eating fruits ?
sitting here , eating my delicious apple , which i love . do you like apples ?
good choice ! i prefer the green apples . do you eat the skin too ?
like to eat the apple skins too . what do you do for fun ?
i do not . what kind of music do you like to listen to ?
ok . and what do you do ?
hello . how are you today ?
we have a coffee machine at my salon . but i always drink juice .
cranberry and cherry mostly . i used to drink grape but people teased me .
they would say my juice matched my hair . which it did .
it really is . you should try purple hair . it is great too, I wish I had the courage to dye my hair purple like yours.
i drive an old honda . boring .
my husband and i go topside and dance all the time .
oh it is . i love living on the water .
hi , how is it going ? i live on a farm .
i have a whole lot of them . i am in a band as well .
i play guitar , i do not know what that is.
i do not have tv.
no . i climb trees often .
i have not ever been to one.
i have not ever been to the city before.
yes , the farm is my life .
hi ! read any good books lately ?
cool ! i love reading british authors to my little sister .
good goal . i play soccer for a living . do you have pets ?
i am in school studying math on a soccer scholarship . are you in school ?
do not worry . i bet your novel will be a hit . maybe get a dog ?
i hear that . better to use your own words . keep your head up .
math is another language . might be more translating but it is fun .
goalie , i love predicting the shot angles . what is your novel about ?
hello ! is it strange that i like watching surgery videos while i eat ice cream ?
i promise you i am not a creeper . i just find surgery fascinating .
both . although , that is going to change soon since i am getting ready for vacation .
the beach is great . but , no . i am going to learn how to forge my own sword .
that would be difficult , would not it ? so , whats your favorite beach tune ?
i am not much of a reader i love music , particularly brittany spears .
she is made some poor life choices but , her voice is powerful . whats your favorite book ?
i read that in school . its great . i have been reading medical journals lately .
dropped out of college to help my grandparents
thanks , i do not like salads and will not eat them .
i do not have time . i graduated as valedictorian of my high school .
my mom stays at home and so does my siblings and they do nothing
i am in northern pennsylvania
i do but been helping my grandparents a lot
yeah and it is something i have to do .
well i do ride horses
good afternoon how are you ?
i do not have kids .
no cats . do you work ? i am on my computer all day
i had to work 16 hours straight the other day
i have tons of energy but it is slow working from a screen .
i love kale salads . do you have any hobbies ? i watch hockey
i like adam levine but not into cats
no way . do you got any dogs ? lol
hello ! how are you doing today ?
outside fun is always great . . . dancing in nature is the best
i am in school . . . zebras are my favorite
philosophy ? is that the one that talks a lot ?
no not yet . maybe later . . .
your whole life ? you never had hot dog ?
my dad is a chef . . . like with the funny hat kind
i like any music that plays fast and makes me dance
hi , i am winston , and i go kayaking on the weekends on the lake
i am ok and yourself ? i am a navy brat attended 16 schools within 12 years .
i play the piano . my friends seem to come and go pretty quickly
i have the tendency to bite my nails .
yeah would benefit huh ? what about you ?
nice , those dogs are cute .
haha well they do learn along the way
well we will see right now trying to take care of myself first
so , did you drink any coffee this morning ?
me too , i tried this coffee called cafe bustello and it was tasty
i had a pastrami sandwich with deli mustard .
me too , and i needed a full stomach to deal with my biology students .
hi tom my name is monique
i start off the day with some yoga and then a short run .
hey how are you today
i am sorry you're depressed . that is a real bummer .
that sounds like fun you should go . i travel a lot but no one to go with
oh that is nothing to be afraid about everyone has some kind of accent
i do not think they will . what kind of food is your favorite
i love steak i could eat it every day if i could .
i have a dog names rambo . i got him so i would not be lonely
that sounds like fun ! i am an engineer for an aviation company
how are you this afternoon .
good just got back from my bike ride .
yes iam and a dog lover .
good i ride my bike to stay in shape
wow my the kids i tutor are interest in track
not really i be so busy in my spare time .
no employed at the time volunteer as a tutor new york
never heard of it i can guess is it about 3 dogs
what is going on with you today ?
i am just keeping myself warm . i am a bit chilly
yes i am . i wish i could move south though , before this horrible winter starts
no i do not . but i love animals in the ocean . like manta rays
i think i do too . though one day i want to work at the smithsonian
anything really . it is just an amazing place
my parents do not . they are lawyers . boring !
hi there , how are you ?
nice ! tell me more about yourself .
i have always taught myself to eat organic food only .
i absolutely love to collect lots of comic books !
i also have a collection of autographs with over 2000 signatures !
unfortunately ever since i was little i have always had dust allergies .
nice ! do you have any pets ?
i love dogs ! i have two cats .
hi how are you doing
that is always nice what are your hobbies
i work in a library
it's nice do you like to read ?
ah that makes sense . what do you do on the weekends
that is cool i like to bird watch since i am inside most of the week
yeah i do not really i have friends that bird watch with me
i go out after work a lot
purple is one of my favorite colors .
ballet dancing .
do you like macaroni and cheese ?
not at all .
i watch airplanes take off and land .
i have done that before .
i like to travel . you ?
hola . como estas mi amigo ?
sorry . i speak English as well . how are you ?
Spanish is a great choice . i really love talking Spanish on the phone
very nice . is not it such great weather for a hike ?
touch . maybe some veggies can help . i love me some veggies
you ever play blackjack ? its fun stuff
i once lost 20 , 000 in blackjack in one night
no . its really bad at this point . . . . . .
hi , i love football , whats your fav sport ?
you drive a truck ? i do for my living
right . i hear that brother . i am ex military too . army
right on . if you are like me you exercise a bunch still ?
nice . so you do a lot of vacationing at all ? i just bought a camper
yeah , i love to hike and fish myself . i need to get out to the mountains more
most definitely , along with the beautiful scenery
hey what are you doing ? i must move quick
i am doing my favorite thing , painting . got a date soon .
it is but i still scroll the beach in hopes , looking for spring .
what is your favorite season ?
aw that is cute , good luck .
why ? you better be careful then .
awe that sucks , how old are you ?
hi my name is jill and i am 35 years old how are you today ?
what movie are you going to watch ?
i also like those types of movies
i never really liked chess but my husband is a national champ
what do you do for a living ?
i plan weddings for other people
yes i do , i meet alot of different people
what kind of business do you own
what did you do earlier today ?
i wish i could eat mcdonalds . cannot stomach it at my old age
it is nice here . i would rather be at the bar than outside though
i need to get my jag prepped for that
i think so too ! so what do you do for fun ?
what does that entail exactly ?
oh okay . i wish i was that exciting . i just watch people for fun
what do you do with that ?
hey i am watching hockey ! my favorite .
oh . i could never do that if i want to be a millionaire .
i dig yoga and being vegan . i used to eat meat though .
sounds like a rip roaring good time .
i miss bacon so very much .
very true . maybe i should go back .
are you stationed outside the us ?
hi there , how are you ?
what kind of puzzles ? jigsaw , crosswords . . . ?
college student . not a lot of free time , but do enjoy puzzles
i like a little of everything . what do you teach ?
yes he is , he works at the local hospital a doctor
do you play any sports ? i like playing football
what about movies ? what kind of movies do you like ?
i enjoy them as well . favorite are action movies !
enjoying a salad for lunch today . my favorite ! how are you ?
yeah they should ! you get outside when not at work ?
what games ? i like getting out in nature . so calming .
my students told me they are coming out with a new one .
you should take it to the theater ! i will be going alone .
that would be a nice change from my single lifestyle ! thanks .
i love my students , creating different salad combinations , and hiking .
i would love to help you out with that one . you work fulltime ?
hello . how are you ? my name is rob .
not good . i am trying to lose weight and i am having trouble doing it .
that is great , ray . i have trained for 18 years . weights mostly .
me too but i wear contacts because i am near sighted .
cook some for me ? i eat out mostly . i do not cook often .
i might need stilts too because i am so short ! If I were taller, I might have pursued a career in modeling.
that is great advice . my name rob is short for robin . i am a woman .
very short . under 5 feet tall . trying to lose another 20 pounds ! it is hard !
hi how are you today
nice do you go in purple rain ?
not really . do you like mornings ?
cool do you have nice cars
nice i really enjoy cars
mine role play with me sometimes
hi . . . i can not wait for fallon tonight . what is up for you ?
i do not know . i always watch . but it is funny .
right . she is awesome . i wish i had super powers .
that would be a super , super power . so what interesting is happening by you ?
i like to be ready for things in advance too . brownies are good .
i have to go to work . so , sad . but they pay me .
i am an accountant . organization , you know .
hi , what are you up to ?
i normally hang with my mom . she is my best friend . do you have any hobbies ?
i am sorry about that . how long have you been married ?
i am single . i work long hours designing video games
i read and love classic rock . how about you ?
no none but do you ?
i am watering my flower garden . what are you up to ?
i am gonna watch some anime later . what are your hobbies ?
cool . i have horses as the background on both of my laptops .
is he in the army ? i am craving chocolate right now .
did your father pass on ?
how can anyone ever stop liking chocolate !
haha yeah same here lol
thank you . you do as well .
i just got off of work
i go to the beach a lot because i live near there . where are you from ?
i am from all over the east coast . what do you do for a living ?
i do not have any pets , i do not really believe in having pets
birds can be so smart ! i have one sister , but she lives far away
i am sure that is not true . but i only work in a store , so me too i guess
its a job , nothing special . its important to focus on other aspects of my life
hi , how are you today ?
oh , i like to fish too . i am retired .
i also enjoy reading and hanging out with my grandkids .
oh cool . my husband was in the military .
that is a great field to go in to .
it is always good to help people .
do you have any hobbies ?
hello , how are you doing
i am doing great , thanks for asking
yes i have three cats
that nice i in the middle of moving
i am plan on moving florida
that ok , i love fishing every change i get
yes is is i really enjoy doing it
hi , i am an accountant what do you do for a living ?
oh that is an honorable job . i am adopted but my mom stayed home with me
well . . crunching numbers is not all its cracked up to be .
tennessee , i have a few horses . i like to ride when i get a chance
is your family from there ? i do not have any siblings so its lonely
ever had any interest to check on the east coast ?
what brought you to calie ?
i have always thought about going out there . herd its a different world
hi how are you doing ?
i am great . that sounds fun . do you like hiking ?
sounds like a beautiful place . i love hiking and bike riding
holy moly ! ! ! do you like pearl jam ?
i did . but i am a tarot reader .
it was just my calling . if that makes sense .
good reader . it is our job to leave you feeling empowered
so glad to hear it . you sure found a genuine reader . that is great !
hi , how are you doing today ?
pretty tired at the moment . my commute is killer .
for work . it is not too bad if i have my podcasts turned on .
i cannot be late . i need my medicine on time or i might pass out .
diabetes . i have had it since i was young so i am used to it .
awesome career choice ! i have met some great ones over the years .
books are my entertainment of choice . what about you ?
the humane society is very deserving of volunteers . someday i hope to adopt a cat .
hello . how are you doing today ?
does it rain a lot in seattle ?
i like toys that wear rain coats . i wonder if seattle has those .
i like mystery flavor cake . what do you like ?
no . wait , yes i do . i think i like lobster .
i can not keep a job . i hear voices all the time .
sounds like a good job . no , it is not . but fun for you .
just collecting toys . i do not do a lot . you ?
hello how are you doing today ?
nice what do you do for a living ?
i was a lawyer before working as a judge
thank you i give all a fair chance because it is the right thing
lol just ask for albert
i drive a lexus it is very nice
my wife has a honda
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am doing very well . having coffee , waiting for my boyfriend to come home .
that is sweet . i have been with my boyfriend for 10 years .
neither do mine , but they sent me to gymnastics school at 8 .
i am not interested in that world any longer .
my kitty , cow . he is great .
that is why we call her cow , lol
i love harry potter ! my last dog was sirius .
hello , how are you tonight ?
we have one at work , even though i do not use it .
if i lifted weights , i would end up in the er . . . at my own hospital
it is , i do not like the long hours though .
nice ! i am car shopping . thinking about a toyota truck .
i drive a jeep , i did not get a vote on this one .
i like those ! what color ?
my jeep is black .
have you heard the home sweet home alabama
alabama is where i grew up game of jones i love it
my mom is working on a grocery store as a checker
did you ever see him is there money because i didn t hiding behind the closet
how do you like music i like music
what kind of nicknames do usually get to the people
how did you come up with that name
hi . how are you doing ?
who is winning ? i hope you have a nice cup of french vanilla coffee , my fav .
always use vegan creamer . opening a vegan restaurant next month , seriously .
been a vegan for 50 years . named my cat cow as i love cows so much .
doctor been telling me for a year to go , still have not . only 7 in town .
yeah , i need a hobby , keep my mind off my boyfriend of ten years .
hello how are u tonight
i am doing good just got home from the factory
that is great i like to go for drives in my car
oh that is not good i love traveling do u travel, I wish I could travel more frequently like you do.
i love ufc connor is my main man
oh what do u do for work
it is the ultimate fighting championship . mixed martial arts fighting
oh wow i love kids but i am single right now
hi there , how are you ?
cool . good luck . do you have any siblings ?
haha , okay . i am close to my brother because he is the only family i have now .
haha , okay . i am close to my brother because he is the only family i have now .
haha , if you lived in baltimore , yeah .
that is fine . what's your favorite food ? i love food trucks .
hi , want to chat with a lumberjack ?
because my ax is so big , i can chop trees down very fast .
hobbies ? mine are fishing and tree cutting down . lol
that is so cool what do you draw ?
for my meals , i only eat tons of pancakes with lots of syrup . what about you ?
do you draw scary monsters or like tame ones ?
that is wonderful . do you have any pets ?
hi i am angela , and i enjoy sweets and i attend high school
my grades are not so great . . i got a c in math and a d in science
yeah well school is not my thing . i like to listen to bruno mars
no i do not . we do not have tv
haha ok . . . i do netflix and such .
hmm . . i do not see it on there .
hmm . . . which section will it be in ?
oh okay ! ! thanks for sharing that info .
what are you up to today ?
looking through my collections . i have over 2000 autographs
i go to comicon and whoever there , i wait in long lines and get their autographs
you must stand out then , lol ! i have a lot of allergies so do not do sports
i am in school . i like snakes study them . i have two
maybe . its hard , with the allergies . i cannot be around dust
hello . how are you today ?
i am great too . where are you from ?
i am from california too san francisco !
maybe i know you since i sell pharmaceuticals .
do you have any pets ?
yes , i have a chocolate lab . i love dogs !
hello how are you doing ?
just got back from the beach it is my favorite place . you ?
bug watching is fun . do you read ?
i really like biographies . what kind of bugs are you watching ?
butterfly watching is very calming i think .
wow that is amazing . been a lifeguard for 7 years now .
it is a great job to have . by the beach , water , sand helping people .
then lt governed that is quite the career change
hey , do you play any sports ? i am into soccer .
interesting . do you work out ? exercise is my life .
that is cool . what do you like to eat ? i will only consume healthy food .
sounds like fun . i will not eat if the food I have is unhealthy .
that is good to hear . i got a full ride in college for playing soccer .
are you applying for a music scholarship ? i am just the best at soccer .
i wish you the best . i just wish there was a scholarship for working out .
do you want to come and knit with me and speckles ?
a cat . or we could go get tattoos .
i love speckles . i have to keep my tattoos covered in the office
do you have fifty ? or seven ?
what are some of their names ?
i have a tattoo of a fish how perfect
i do not go too far from the office
you should have taken me with you
hello , how are you tonight ?
nice , my wife is a hockey fan . so are our boys .
do you like tofu or want another girlfriend ?
what are you studying ? my wife is working on her masters .
that is okay , we all have our off days .
mine took me a while as well . what do you drive ?
i have a prius , my wife drives a mustang .
they are excellent for the environment .
hi there ! how is your day going ?
pretty good ! tired from saving lives at the hospital .
i really like boating , when i get get off from work
have you taken any vacations recently , fishing ?
where would you like to go first ?
oh , that would be a fantastic fishing and snorkeling opportunity !
thank you !
hi , who am i speaking with today ?
okay , is that because you live in the woods or something ?
i am bowling professionally in addition to holding a job in the insurance industry .
nice , my kids do not seem to like bowling like i do .
i am raising my two kids on my own now after the divorce , but hoping to meet someone .
i do not know how i ever have the time to do the things i do .
yeah , freedom sounds kind of nice , no worries , right ?
i get it . i am caring for grandma during the week took , so very busy .
hiya how old are you
i am 10 and live in a big house
i do not , but i have a bunch of friends
i will be your friend , do you like cats ?
i do not know moms teaching dads working in the mill . . . . .
i really have to say cats and dogs
maybe , like an animal super hero
i will i could keep them all
having a good day ?
i have been cooking for my husband and myself .
you can cook with chocolate .
do you work ? i own a small cleaning company .
my mom worked at a school , she was a teacher .
she was a creative writer teacher
do you enjoy reading ?
hi , care to chat with a guy that wears a uniform to work ?
cool here . what kind of vehicle do you drive ?
i am a metro bus driver , but my regular vehicle is a 4 wheel drive .
i work so much , i was able to pay off my house at age 30 .
no , my parents are already gone and i am an only child . you ?
hobbies ? in my extra time , i love drawing and painting .
wow , that is different . do you have a fav color ? mine is blue .
hi ! tell me about yourself . what do you do ?
that is great ! congrats ! my older brother just graduated college .
that is awesome , i wish i had the time for college .
cool , the city close by is awesome . i live there .
yes , there is one by central park . right next to a bookstore , where i work .
i will buy , just come find my in the bookstore . i am the one with pink hair .
likewise , nice chatting with you !
how are you doing today
i just got done biking
marriage can take a lot of time
well you have to do what you have to do
i take care of peoples food
i take them their food
i like to create pictures and art
i draw cartoons a lot
hi ! how are you this evening ?
me too , now i am just sitting here eating cupcakes . where do you work ?
i get them at work grocery store , your job is more impressive
i like to paint walls , working on a blue room now
mine . i got paint all over my hair . at least blue goes with brown
hah ! you could be blue man group ! what do you do for fun ?
smart , i should get more exercise . work off the cupcakes
howdy , is it sunny where you are ?
i like to swim . and then eat salty potato chips and drink coffee while sunning
i work on a coffee plantation no time for cooking too tired
you do not really need a pinky toe you can win a race without it
no but i like dr seuss
how long do you want to chat ?
have you ever earned a bonus ? i have not
it is much nicer than counting buds in a picture , i agree
does not like apostrophes cannot say its or do not or cant using apostrophe
are you dressing up for halloween
i enjoy the pageantry and the candy
oh yes but some costumes cost nothing at all my grandson went as a pop tart
ha ha . . . time to get back to picking coffee beans . good day
hi , i just finished watching a movie and you ?
i like funny ones and action movies , what about you ?
what do you do in your spare time ? i play tennis .
no not married , do you like music ? i like all music
that is cool that you have been together since high school .
i work from home , for an insurance company
so it is kinda nice working from home .
but it does yet a little lonely , so i play music all day .
hi , how are you today ?
oh , i am doing well , just cooking a stew for myself , i am retired now , yourself ?
what do you like to cook ? i love anything with cheese , especially italian varieties .
oh , that is adorable . do you have the one cat ? i have two myself .
cats do need stability . i am old now , but i always enjoyed travelling in my younger days .
idaho is my favorite . it is still so rugged and wild in many areas .
i do not think i would thrive in an urban area , but i admire those that do .
being a nurse is so admirable . i was a musician in my day , but thought about nursing .
hello there ! how are you ?
feeling well . i am hanging out with friends later
new york city . how about you ? .
that is so cool ! we are on opposite sides of the country
really ? where are you headed to ?
paris sounds fun . will you visit the eiffel tower ?
me and my gay friend i am not gay do sometimes
hello , how are you today ?
that sounds amazing ! i am getting ready for my trip to mexico .
eat , lol . i love their cuisine . the spicier , the better .
i am taking my dad with me , he has never been , and we need to get away .
it is only him and i , so i spoil him with vacations .
growing up , all he could afford were surfing vacations at the beach . now , we hike .
that would make it hard , you can wait on the beach for us , lol
have you ever been to mexico ?
hi , how are you doing tonight ? what do you do for a living ?
i am a pharmacist , but i am going to retire in november .
its okay , but honestly , i am more than ready to relax , enjoy my grandkids and quilting .
excellent . what genres do you enjoy reading ?
that is wonderful . you can learn so much from books .
ca not say that i have . i am more into doing things with my hands . how about you ?
hi . what can you tell me about yourself ?
is that so ? i was a banker until last month .
i love to dance . been dancing since about 2 years old . you ?
very cool . i was recently engaged and the wedding will be in paris .
that is too bad . have any unusual talents at least ?
bands are cool . it is silly , but i am good at saying the alphabet in reverse .
awesome ! have you been to any foreign countries ?
hello ! do you like romance novels ?
i love them ! i started reading them in the army as a way to mentally escape .
nothing too great . the spaghetti was okay .
no but i get it all the time for lunch now that i am working in construction .
i tried skateboarding a few times . it is fun but hard !
how long have you been skating ?
that is great ! what else do you do ?
good afternoon . how is your day going ?
that is cool . i do not sing , but enjoy concerts and definitely dance there .
what do you do for a living ? my job is working with young children , nonprofit .
on the road a lot ? i go horseback riding every weekend with my boys .
i eat a ton of hot wings since i can not eat shellfish . . allergic . where are your kids
yes all shellfish . swell up like a balloon . what state are you in ?
colorado . tennessee where you live or where you are while truck driving ?
ok . well , i hope you get to see your kids more . that is sad .
hello how are you doing today ?
i am doing just great and you
i understand that point . you cant be yourself without it
just going to the park with my two dogs later
i have been apple picking before
its fun with a group . i love to watch penn teller the magicians
they are my favorite magicians , you should look up their show
when i was young i wanted to travel out in space .
hi howard you doing today
great song do not you think ?
do you know all about shrimp ?
oh yeah shrimp is like the shrimp of the shrimp
what kind of music do you like ?
mine is definitely country music
i think its fine bald is beautiful
just embrace that junk yo
hi how are you today
did you go swimming ? i am good
do you eat pasta after ? gotta carbo load
yeah i love being outside too
yeah do you like music
britney spears ooh baby baby
not sure really , who about you
i bet . country roads take me home
hello hope you are well today .
very good . i love to run , how about you ?
that sounds nice . i love to cook also , but bake . .
i love to watch television my favorite show is face off .
my favorite actor is robert downey jr .
i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?
hey ! swam 50 laps earlier , just finishing an awesome dinner . you ?
nice ! less busy days are good too ! just had chicken , rice , and more !
taking care of health is important . i am having mashed potatoes and veggies now lol
lol sorry ! also have college homework . . . long day today !
you have no idea . . . still have not done my daily exercise ! gotta do that soon !
thanks , i try . what are you up to today ? finished dinner now . finally lol
hi how are you today ?
i understand . i am a part time student .
i skateboard to relieve stress . do you have a hobby ?
that s a bummer . candy is also a good escape !
at least you have a friend . does your dad like your friend ?
i really like a person i work with !
he really likes my casual style of just jeans
we like to skateboard together
hello there how are you ?
that is nice , how old are you ?
nice . i aspire to be a librarian . i have the cat eye glasses for it
i love cats ! are their eyes green ? mine are
what flavor is the candy ?
i like grape . its my favorite flavor
i like to tan my olive colored skin
want to get to know each other ?
i live in maryland , but i would love to travel
that is great that they can help . i sometimes bet on pool when i am broke
you have to be okay with yourself .
i am very good at it . plus i teach art
middle school art classes . we do a lot of work with paint .
it is not a bad gig . do you have a college degree ?
i bet you could get a teaching job .
hi there ! what do you do for fun ?
i love music . if i am not playing the cello , i am at a concert
i love the color blue . what about you ?
what other things are you into ?
i have an entire set of harry potter stamps in my massive stamp collection !
i used to swim in college , and i still do laps every day at the y .
my mom wanted me to focus on cello , but i loved the pool more
i probably should . are you on any teams ?
good morning . how are you today . i had a rough morning my cat was sick .
thank you . my husband had to leave for work so i had to deal with it .
i sure hope so sounds like she ate something bad
i will be doing some crocheting today .
is writing a hobby or a profession of yours ?
that is a wonderful goal .
hello there , how are you doing ?
i am great . just home home from a road trip .
i am a driver , just like my father before me . are you married ?
i have only got off the road to marry my sweetheart .
she is great ! only thing i love more that driving is being with her .
i would love to , maybe one of these days i will make a stop in your town .
what do you do for a living ?
hello , what is your favorite car ?
i rebuild classic muscle cars , they remind me of times with my dad
nice ! did you ever watch jeopardy ? i was a contestant , twice .
i do not cook , never learned how . i like to eat though .
i used to be an alcoholic , and many of my recipes have alcohol in them
mainly italian recipes from my grandmother , she put wine in everything .
it would not taste right without it .
hello . how has your night been ?
great . i been eating gummy worms for an hour now . do u like them ?
i have an awful sweet tooth that and tuna salad is what i live on .
i am a cop . you ?
it can be . is retirement treating you good ?
this nice . have you read any good books lately ?
hello , how are you today
ll , i agree especially in the winter i cannot stand the cold
cool do they have manta rays there ? i once went swimming with them
or a character is csi my favorite tv series .
ll . at least you live in a warm climate .
that is nasty . winter is coming and i hate the cold and snow
hey there , how are you tonight ?
oh that sounds fun . what do you drive ?
wow , i also drive a mini van that is sweet .
sounds fun . i spend a lot of time outside , especially when it rains .
i like tacos , but pizza is my favorite
me too , i actually like square or rectangle slices
yes , i do not know why , but i love it
hi how are you today ?
what color did you want it to be ?
sorry to hear that do you have pets ?
i like to collect bugs and stuff
well my bugs will band together and eat your turtle ! !
no i spend all my time running for political office
i ran in 2004 but i lost
i also build computers and stuff
hello there . how are you ?
that is a fun place ! i am just getting ready to go to work .
i work at a bank , what about you ?
that is no fun . i followed my fathers footsteps
to the job at the bank
i like a person from a college i used to attend
we are very good friends
i do . growing up upstate i enjoy listening to rock
hi ! how are you doing today !
i teach art , so that is why i mistakenly typed ! instead of ?
we are both they artistic mind then . does she wear interesting clothing ?
i love bright colors , prints , and reused clothing
i had a hamburger for dinner last night . it was quick after teaching extra
i love italian food . would enjoy going one day
japanese food can be good . maybe i should change careers
hello ! how are you today ?
amazing . getting a pedicure . what are you up to ?
aw kids are so cute . ages ?
wow ! i have not decided if i want any kids yet . i am worried they would ruin my figure .
maybe . even after that there is the stress , though . you know ? wrinkles . grey hair . ugh .
that is what shopping is for ! retail therapy , haha .
so do you just stay home with the kids or do you have a job also ?
does not the dirt get under your nails ? i would def need a manicure after that .
hello there . how are you ?
wait , what ? that is . . . that is exciting and terrible lol . i cannot say i usually see that much excitement .
well , that is a much more relaxing night . no lions here , just an awesome dog . _
nice ! i love my dog , he is pretty much my closest friend lol .
wow ! i go hiking alone sometimes . its nice here .
eh , that is a lot of people to meet and trust . i keep to myself
i did not go out in college , maybe because i do not drink
hey man how is it going
i am well . what is your name ?
everyone calls me bubble gum
it is just a nickname . i do not mind .
no not really . it is very boring
muscles do not make a man
that is very funny , i like you
hi there ! how was your night ?
www , i am sorry . . i take it you are a fan ?
want me to beat the other guys up ? i am pretty intimidating for a middle aged woman
i have had over 10 dogs in my life , i have a tattoo for each
good luck with the search !
nah , lots of tough short people . i am 5 2 and have won every fight
what do you do for fun ? i ride motorcycles , fast !
hello . how are you this evening ?
hectic ? what were you doing ? do you like to party ?
wow . saudi arabia . was she living in dubai ?
neat . i want to visit one day . are you a good mother ?
it sounds like you live in a studio apartment . i am a musician .
i play unconventional instruments . i make noise music . freaky folk punk stuff .
i get bored and just start jamming . do you have a favorite band ?
i like girl talk and dan deacon and the beach boys .
hi , how are you today
i need a nap , i love sleeping it is a hobby !
i am tired from work , i work in a factory so that is hard work .
but one day i will be in a rock band , that is my dream ! if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead.
paramedic , that sound cool and interesting .
oh yes the beatles are the best of the best
at least it pays good , my factory job does not pay good
hello , how are you today ?
oh wow , did you break your old ones ?
that is crazy ! do you play any other games , maybe with friends ?
i prefer not to do stuff like that , but i do like traveling .
i spent high school studying , i want to go to college to be a doctor .
are you ready to apply for nursing school ?
same , the process is a pain . i would rather be playing dungeons and dragons with friends .
i am kinda a nerd , so it fits me well .
hello . how are you today ?
i am in school right now . its so lame .
org ! what do you do for work since you are like blind ?
that is so cool ! i love music ! i am in the band !
the trumpet . have you ever played an instrument ?
yeah music is my life now . i am really passionate about movies though .
hello . i have a dog named wonton . tell me about yourself ?
i am a teacher too ! high school though . japanese and art .
i am from japan too ! i got here over 10 years ago , but my accent is still bad .
i miss my family there . its so hard to find a relationship after 35 .
fortunately my dog always cheers me up . do you have family ?
oh that does sound nice . do they miss japan , do you think ?
sometimes . its such a relief to not have to worry about my accent .
this was nice ! you take care .
hello , how are you tonight ?
that sounds good , as long as it does not mess up my red shoes .
yes , please . is it the one about a little red corvette ?
i am carrying a red purse , it matches my shoes .
very nice of you to do this . thank you .
neither am i . i try though .
you could always take lessons .
hello , how are you today ?
funny , i own a grocery store . i am doing very well .
i like cooking too , my cats are always eager to taste my creations .
lush , chanel , decay and levi . do you have any pets ?
i do . i design metallica shirts sometimes .
they are my favorite . for fun , i will ride the unicycle to the beat of their songs .
i found it in my garage when i moved in .
i have tried while listening to california love .
names jaz my goal is to be a male model and be in hollywood .
i became a huge fan after listening to classical jazz
yeah what does she like about it ? i am 18 and overcame urinary cancer
i am not working at the moment . but had a private lunch with will ferrell .
he is and he is my mentor . no i do not like cheese on a low carb diet
i am 5 foot 5 inches . not so tall .
well maybe it is your husband side of the family
well some how genetics have takes it toll and comes out some how .
hey how are you tonight
hi jack. i am a jack of all trades
wow. that is a cool one. would love to have it
no. i am not. its my weakness, if only my desserts could transform into black Ford trucks
i do not. i disappoint my loved ones
its desserts. sweet stuff is my weakness
hello there . how are we doing ?
fine , thank you . i am off to football practice later today .
that sounds fun . meeting with friends after practice .
that is awesome . i am from hawaii so there is always fresh seafood
highly recommend reading sarah key by tatiana de ronay . captivating book
that is nice . being in college , all i do is walk .
hello . do anything fun today .
i went go cart racing today , i love it !
that does sound fun , but i will stick with a good day fishing lol
ha ! well i could not date someone who ate fast food
lol we could have nights at home cooking . can you cook ?
i can make a great burger on my george foreman grill . you ?
as long as its not fast food , we will be good
hi how are you this morning
i am doing okay getting ready for work
yeah its a pick me up i am not really a morning person . have you tried decaff ?
what does that mean ? i guess you do not eat chocolate either ? i love it
my family has a small restaurant so i work there to help
that is a long time you must really like it . what do you do ?
hi how are you today ?
i am doing well . finally getting to relax . fridays my day off
oh i love shopping ! coupons make it possible for me to shop even more !
right ? ! i could not agree more . wish i had more time look for the coupons, If only I had more time to volunteer at local charities with all the money I save.
that is great . what do you do for work ? you sound very organized
oh ok . i should get you to do my taxes !
i could not shop once a month i actually enjoy it . savings would be great though
hey there , do you like animals ?
oh i have two kids , they are 5 and 8 . two cats too .
they are nice to have around . they watch me cook .
i love cookbooks , my diet needs more iron so i am looking for recipes .
oh i might have to look into that . maybe i eat too much kale .
how is having epilepsy ? that would scare me .
that is good . my cats would not be very good service animals .
haha , neither are my kids .
hi there . how are you tonight ?
oh , that is cool . i want to go to italy one day .
what do you do for fun ?
oh . i love going to yoga classes .
tell me something about yourself .
i love eating italian food .
i live in new york city , what about you ?
i love living here . there is so much to do .
hi there . how are you tonight ?
i am also a woman .
oh , i like to bake . and drive fast .
oh . i bet she is amazing .
oh . i do not like reality either .
i am worried because i maxed my credit cards out .
what is your favorite color ?
purple is my favorite . i may die my hair purple .
hello . i am from alabama , where are you from ?
oh nice . my mother used to teach piano in utah .
that should keep you busy . i usually hunt in my spare time .
hiking is nice . what kind of dogs do you have ?
france is beautiful . red white blue flag . . . blue is my favorite color .
not yet . i hope to one day . have you ever been to mexico ?
the people are so nice and the food is amazing ! utah is not far !
sounds good . i just cant eat seafood , yuck . do you like seafood ?
how are you ? i am great . i compete as a gymnast .
are you still in school ?
do you do any sports , i have been doing gymnastics for years .
it takes lots of work . do you have pets ? i have a cat named cow .
my cat is black and white obviously . what kind of cat do you have ?
not so much . but that does not mean you should not . do you have a favorite author .
hey how are you today ?
just reading and i am good thanks for asking
enjoy playing with my cats and that a good show
hope you do . cats just snuggle with me when i read .
way too many and what sounds good to eat ?
tuna is my favorite though chips while i read you
school band is nice i would go cheer you on .
what are the plans for the day ?
taking a break from the kids . i tutor them on the weekends
you definitely get it . what do you do for fun ?
i love riding my bike . it is great exercise and fun
no i have not but i think it looks so cool
i love that . i bet my 3 dogs would too
that is so sweet . all of my dogs are very small
i love ham , reminds me of old easter sundays
i crochet so it seemed natural to be employed in a craft store .
ok . i crochet to decorate my hearse too .
not as creepy as listening to the alternative rock i do .
oh . i could crochet you some sweaters for the dogs .
oh . i have another car . the hearse is just for the halloween tours through town .
yes and exercise to the alternative rock too .
3 chickens , 1 goose , and 4 cows
what kind do you have of pets ?
good morning from georgia , how are you today ?
i am at the end of my day , just finished watching agt . do you watch ?
i work for the school district . i teach music .
wow . have you done it long ? what will you do with retirement ? i am not there yet .
that is good to have . i hope to share an interest with my children some day .
as a music teacher , i play many , but i cannot sing very well . do you play ?
my favorite is , hands down , violin .
as with any instrument , it depends on your dedication . i can teach to most anyone .
hi hey hello , what are you doing ?
just watching the history channel , favorite subject of mine .
i have a cat named sir kitty winkles .
what do you do for work ?
i work as an xray tech .
yea i have seen some interesting things .
just some items that not should be in a body if you get my drift .
yup . i play softball for fun with other hospital members .
travelling encyclopedias , i sell them , whilst travelling , ironic much ?
peyton manning , me and a grocery store , yeah , that happened , saw it ?
paint ? its all about encyclopedias , the top salesman , life achieved !
20 years , macaroni art not his thing , maybe rock collection , all my favorite !
why ? get a hobby like rock collection , or macaroni art perhaps ?
two , that is better than one encyclopedia , that is for sure .
how are you doing today ?
i am forty . i like tv .
i like the subway too
i like to skydive and jump off buildings
what is your favorite dish
that is such a sweet thing to do
i do not . i wish i did .
hello , i am lucy . how was your weekend ?
nice ! i went kayaking , like i do most weekends . how many kids ?
i always wanted to be in the navy like my dad . but he traveled often .
ovens make me nervous . i pull my nails and chew them . are you good ?
i bet . tell me more about you ? i gotta go soon .
that is sweet . whats her name ?
that is my name also ! ok , i really have to go now .
hi how are you doing today
i am doing pretty good . i starting reading a new book series
the infernal devices have you ever heard of it
it takes place in early england and there are vampires and warlocks
no its different but interesting there are demons too but no witches .
yeah sort of . what do you like to do for fun
that is great you have a big family and can spend time with them
hello there . how are you today ?
that is awesome ! is it somewhere in the country ? i adore the countryside
congratulations ! what do you do during your freetime ?
that is sweet . i am so sorry to hear .
enjoy pizza a lot !
will do ! do you like readying ?
your are my inspiration ! i need to be active .
hey ! what is the place you would like to visit the most ? mine is the uk
oh yeah ? that sounds cool ! i sing in a band . it is a punk band !
hey atleast you save money living at home . do you play any sports ?
oh man ! buses i do not like taking those . i normally skate to get around
definitely green , what is yours ?
i am an adult , are you ?
haha no doubt . hey can i tell you a secret ?
sometimes i like to write poetry
hi i am leo , height is 6 feet tall , i enjoy dancing ? you ?
i also dance to , but not as great as you think .
in the past i loved hockey now do to asthma i cannot do that anymore
yeah and it sucks ! !
yeah , it is tough when you get older it seems to intensify .
no kids but that is ok ,
that is awesome thing to do .
i work as a mechanic for a big corporation .
hi . my wonderful husband hates my favorite band
i own my business of a small marking consulting agency
that is nice . my team at home includes my two small dogs . you ?
wow . we just listen to radiohead when my husband is not home
it is my favorite band
it could be i guess . do you like anything ?
oh , my wonderful husband likes soccer
yes with my husband and our small dogs
hey , how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . i was feeding stray cats . i love cats .
so you are more of a dog person .
so you do not like animals . you must be really cold-hearted
but they bring a lot of love to the house . how about ponies ?
no i am not . i like eating steak
you are weird . i like you . . . i am weird too .
what no . . no way . i am not religious at all .
what are you up to today ?
oh that is great . i love the outdoors . i am just studying
that is really amazing . where are you from ?
so cool . i am from cali too !
we should do that sometime . what do you do for work ?
i can not wait to be retired . right now i am still going to school
i love water sports . it is fun to get soaked
very dangerous but well worth it when everyone is happy
do you have any pets , i have two turtles
what kind of birds do you have ?
oh nice . i just dye my hair purple even though i love the color red .
i do . are you an outdoor type or a couch louse ?
i love to watch classic movies , how about you ?
if you had to stay indoors , god forbid , what movie would you want to watch ?
so you have not seen my favorite , gone with the wind ?
i love to eat stewed oxtail . whats your favorite ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am not doing so good . my girlfriend just told me she is doing to leave me again
no , its okay . its my fault . i do not like wearing pants unless i have to
she also thinks i am terrible at guitar , but i actually really really good at it
i am sorry , you know what cheers me up ? john grisham movies , but not his books .
my parents raised me loving them !
yep . they are good people . well , they discovered whilst working in politics
hello how are you doing ?
good thanks . so , do you read ?
how old ? do you swim ?
understandable , i am by the ocean i get that .
i am a writer of spiritual books .
yes it is really calming . i need to be by the ocean . what do you do ?
the most important job . raising good kind children . we need them .
i paint as well . the key is to just go for it .
i adore the color purple and pink
i am in so much debt from credit cards
i know and i am clueless how to change it
i am currently trying . my birthday is coming up
i am hoping to catch up on sleep
i am a fisherman so i eat fish a lot
that is nice do you play any instruments, I wish I could play the guitar like a pro.
oh i love spaghetti and that means meatballs too . i bet you like food too ?
i took karate once . do you listen to music in class to get motivated ?
a good plate of spaghetti will make you feel better . just do not forget the meatballs .
my mom is a pro tennis player so i do not have to work .
i am still in elementary school . i missed a few years and got held back .
i read harry when i went on a world tour with my mom playing tennis matches .
yes reading and football when i can . i want to be a pro football player 1 day .
mom being a pro tennis player helps and teaches me a lot about it .
it takes a lot of practice and a lot of spaghetti and a lot of meatballs
hello , hello ! my name is oliver .
i am a student . i love baking . cakes especially .
oh me as well . my favorite book of all is david copperfield by charles dickens .
very upstanding of you . i admire that .
commendable . i am a dancer as well . i placed first in a tap dance competition once .
well you are socially conscious . . . many would say that is better .
i am a student . i hate it only sometimes .
not me . just general studies . . . junior high school .
hey , want to get dressed up and go clubbing . girlfriend wo not go with me .
bummer . i need more hours getting a operation soon .
i am weird ? you are sharing your dinner with cats .
hey , margaritas and tacos . yummy
i love swimming but i have to wait until i get my belly button fixed .
my girlfriend doe not understand why i need this operation
well if you meet anyone who likes to go clubbing hook me up .
i just bought this new green car and it has a strange smell .
thanks for the advice , i will try it . you into music ?
yeah i loved the band toto so much i named my dog after them .
my grandma from denmark always says kids and dogs are basically the same lol .
no but i do make us both meatloaf , its our favorite food .
jesus woman , you ever get a minute to yourself ?
youre family sounds like its fun though . its just me and toto
yeah mine is just to get rid of this smell in my car lol
hello . how is your day going ?
it is going good . what do you do for work ?
i own a small business that gives gamblers information .
i own a few dogs . what about you ?
they should be spoiled . what do you do in your freetime ?
i like to go to concerts when i can .
i like current bands like imagine dragons and linkin park .
hello are you a night owl or a home body
ahh that is awesome hopefully one day i can express myself that way
nice i express my self by dressing up . maybe go to design school
i do not think my girl understands my dream to be happy
yeah i work overtime to save up for some procedures
i want to get rid of the scars of being an overweight kid
when that happens maybe just maybe i can look at myself in the mirror
thank you i go to the gym and try yoga to feel better but its a process
hello how are you this morning evening
i am doing great thanks .
i work with animals . . . that were rescued
no , we do not have the space for them
what kind of dogs do you have ?
i do read books on my kindle
i like mysteries and crime novels , what do you like ?
they are the best . . . keep you on your literal feet
hi how are you today ?
what a pity . you can engage yourself reading romantic novel that can help .
do you write romance ? love reading romantic novels it helps me to relax
reading actually but i work for a construction company
great . so you ride horses or cars ?
i see . my favorite car is prius . i have one and love the smallness
good afternoon , how are you today ?
what kind is that ? like pets ?
that is cool , like pastas ? i love lasagna
i like magic do you ?
i love , penn also teller what kind did you do ?
oh wow i wanted to be in space , what company you got
i should try it out , its a iphone app
i am going to check you out
hello there how is life treating you today ?
cannot complain , enjoying the morning with my 2 dogs
pitt bulls . they are so sweet . i work pretty closely with a pitt bull rescue
that is absolutely the case . what do you do ?
that sounds rewarding . i do computer programming for Facebook
i am fortunate in that regard
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
what do you play in it
at the same time then ?
yeah i need a second job though
i man the grill it is not enough
yeah i need two jobs badly
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am good . who is your favorite singer ?
do you travel much ? i love to visit india .
do you explore the different cities you visit ?
do you play any instruments ? i am more of an athlete than musician .
my niece plays piano , and guitar . she also does vocals very well .
hello how are you doing ?
i am doing well . just playing with my dog .
i just have one . i used to have a cat but she died .
my weekend is going well . i live in canada . you ?
i would love to visit new york . i want to take the train there one day .
have you ever ridden the train there ? or been to grand central stations ?
hey , any plans this weekend ?
whats your favorite food ? mine is steak !
those are delish , when i travel alone i head to the closest outback
yeah , mainly because i sleep less than 4 hours a day , how about you ?
i am a business man so i am always traveling . have any family ?
its just me too , parents have passed and am an only child
hi , would you like to be friends ?
in maryland . it is boring here . i am taking a trip to japan soon
i am learning the language now
i really do not want to read subtitles on my favorite anime anymore
i love it . the japanese are very sophisticated
yeah that would be cool . i might stay in japan i like it so much
are animated shows big in france ?
that is pretty much the only entertainment i enjoy
hi how are you doing
i am good do you have pets
oh that is sad i just got a cat
kj its my mothers initials
i do but i am a nurse so i have a busy schedule
maybe you can plan a trip with friends
yeah do you cook a lot
hi , i like to go to book signings and get autographs . you ?
cool . . . what do you do for a living ?
nice job . i am looking in to publishing gigs
i like anything green . green apples , bell peppers , kiwis , u name it lol
pizzas cool but i have to stay away from it . . . too fattening
hey we all like what we like
hello , how are you today ?
nice ! i love making cookies !
good stuff ! i love soda and my favorite is coke !
yeah i should but i love soda ! i also love bagels with everything
yeah that makes sense lol . i also like training dogs
that is cool ! are you part of a band ?
yeah , that is still cool ! what is your favorite genre of music ?
i wonder who won the hockey game ? hockey is my favorite
sounds fun ! i have to sleep . i always get my 8 hours in every night
you want to talk about it ? i prefer texting to calling .
maybe your mom could help ? my mother has to look after my grandmother
take your mind off it and go to the hockey game tonight .
text me and let me know how it was . text me , do not call
i suppose i have to go watch the hockey game now
hi how are you today ?
that sounds fun i just turned 10 !
thanks both my parents work hard but i got a puppy for my birthday !
yeah i really like dogs and cats they are my favorite
aww i am sorry my daddy works at the lumber mill so he works a lot too
oh ok what do you do when your off
i have heard of him . i like to play sports
hello there . my dog wonton says hello too .
hello felix and emmy . i miss home so much , japan .
i am a japanese teacher and i teach drawing on the side as well
that is great . although i wish i had someone to cook for . being 35 gets lonely
good for them . its so hard to communicate in the us . i have a thick accent
i am actually . i wish i have a garden in the back . although summer is almost over
i know . but the thought of sitting in a garden is pure serenity
hello ! how are you this evening ? hope all is going well !
that is great ! so , where you from ? what do you like ?
no , regretfully . i hear its really sunny and nice out there weather wise
i mainly deal in antiques mostly online but i have a small store as well
i am from new orleans or new orrrlans as they say it here . .
well , of course , antiques ! and i have a big doll collection
yes , been married for about twelve years , two kids . . how about yourself ?
hey whats up ? how are you ?
shoot i just cracked open a cold one . about to watch some anime . you ?
really ? i like baseball . i used to be a pitcher .
cool . i watch baseball and like to place bets on the game . have a fam ?
i am alot older than you but this nineteen year old kid was pissing me off
trying to throw hands . i almost fanned him down .
its alright never mind . so what do you do for fun ? just baseball ?
cool . i like talking to strangers on the internet . trying to talk to 100 .
hi . how are you doing ?
go ahead . i am almost seven feet tall by the way
cool . i am not a basketball player though . cool . you won money .
well , you won the lottery . so she probably likes you now .
i have never heard of a scumbag . probably poor people humor .
i work for ibm . how about you ?
my favorite band is the rolling stones . do you like them ?
i desire a bright future for your grammar.
my two kids are going crazy . how are you ?
do you have any kids ?
i also have two pets . do you have any pets ?
sounds lonely and quiet and peaceful ! do you work ?
i stay at home , my husband works .
i crochet . not a lot of spare time though .
what is your favorite genre ?
i am emily ! i am 12 and i am a good dancer ! what are you good at ?
cool dude . whats your favorite animal
no i am sad i cannot see the circus anymore . but my favorite is zebras
i love dogs ! i play with my dog bucket outside everyday !
nope just bucket . i taught him how to dance on his tip toes too !
no , my mom will not let me . plus i would rather be outside .
i am behind in my school lands and i wish i live in another country .
cool ! did you have to take out student loans to learn that ?
i am flunking several classes but i love nature . what
great . i want to learn a foreign language while living outside the us .
lucky you . how can i get out debt fast ? ever live outside the us ?
she is cute and like me loves nature . what kind of convertible do you have ?
cool ! i am flunking classes because i dream of driving a car like that . you like nature ?
hey i love my labradors and all sorts of dogs
yeah they cannot dive . i was given birth in san francisco .
yeah i am 22 years of age and work pharmaceutical
i will be traveling to paris sometime this year
wow that is quite interesting
vacation , i am gonna use some vacation time after working for 2 years at my job
yeah it is and I really want to get the most out of it .
thanks so much i will i bet I will .
hey how are you this fine day ?
what do you do for a living ?
ah i just got out of college myself .
law , but i have had a hard time finding any work .
boston , and where are you from ?
ah and they just got hit with that bad storm . you still have family there ?
that good , you have any hobbies ?
that is a pretty good hobbie . what do you watch ?
i hope you like yoga because that is what i teach .
do they need to relax ? what grade ? what kind of private .
i have two adopted children . one is in sixth grade . lots of energy .
like what ? we work hard . my wife is a mechanic , diesel in fact .
your choice . are you healthy most of the time ?
you do have to watch for germs . ever go to canada ?
yes . i pray the rosary every morning . mother theresa is my idol .
converted people are the most devoted . my opinion , anyhow .
hi how are you , what are you doing today ?
i cannot get any pets because i still live in my parents' home
it must be hard to grow up with both parents . . . . what do you do for a living ?
i wish i had a fixed job too . my work requires a lot of travel .
no i have never , also leprechauns are green . i prefer red instead
is the current one doing a bad job ? i can help you search on my iPhone
i hope you find somebody really soon . do you have any hobby ?
how is your day so far ?
are you sure you're not hungry ? i am tired .
i am sure that is debatable . my favorite food is salad .
cool . my favorite band is rkelly . i love music
no i would rather make cellphone apps that would save the world .
i mean , i really just want other peoples money by selling them goods .
hey , that is why its called business , right ?
you will never guess what kind of pet i have .
reptile ! you are good .
neither of those , it is an iguana .
what do you do for fun ?
i play video games for fun .
people can be really rude online .
have you always been in a wheelchair ?
hello . how are you tonight ?
i am good . wide awake like every night .
sorry to hear . maybe playing music might help . it does me when i sing .
sorry ! have you every sang or played instruments ?
oh cool ! i played piano since i was 5 . its calming .
oh awesome ! how old is she ?
nice . you all eat healthy too i bet .
so good to finally be off work .
no that is definitely full-time work ! i work at the university .
that is great . i would like to start a blog about the environment .
kindred soul then ! its so important . i even eat local farmers market !
every weekend . farmers market and then playing some music with the guys .
maybe someday you can dance to my music , after i am discovered .
hey , how has your day been ?
that is impressive . i finished college two months ago .
a bachelor degree in biology but the jobs are hard to find .
research but in the mean time i am dabbling with a small business .
i mainly sell different things to local fairs and it is going great .
nothing with biology unfortunately but i needed something . what do you do ?
good evening . i just came in from a jog
i do not like it , but do it anyway . why do you need a lawyer ?
he sounds like a loser . sorry to hear about your troubles .
maybe you should take up running instead ?
we are close in age . i have a girl who just finished getting her bsn .
think of it as years of fun . i only have my sarah .
she is and your husband is stupid for doing what he did .
what would have you done differently ?
hi , how are you today ?
getting by . been stuck in the house this week . need the mall .
how old is she ? do you like to bake ?
nice , i would rather play tennis than bake . are you married ?
i am single . i date regularly though . do you have any pets ?
yes , corky . he is a pug . he came with that name though , haha .
arizona . i love it here . how about you ?
oh , me too . how interesting . you like to travel ?
hey there ! how are you today ?
i love snakes ! i have one of my own . do you have a favorite food ?
i love fried . especially from mcdonalds . where are you from ?
that sounds so cool . i am currently living in toronto . what do you do for work ?
my parents are from japan . have you ever been to japan ?
you should . it is awesome . lots of great shopping , which i love .
that is cool ! the kids that i teach at the elementary school love video games .
i love teaching science . i think it is so important for kids to know .
what do you like to do ?
my hair is brown . should i cut it short ?
my face is usually flat on one side from sleeping a lot. If I didn't care about my appearance, I would eat milkshakes every day.
i was viewing videos on youtube
that sounds like a lot of work . do you wear it in a ponytail
do you work at all ?
i make burgers and fries for a living
i do not worry about my figure . i eat a lot of milkshakes
hello . i love to read .
i like running too . i also gave up eating meat about 2 years ago
awesome ! maybe one day i can read some of your work ?
i prefer sweet tea . or lemonade .
whats your fave movie ? mine is pretty woman . love richard gere
mysteries are good . i just like rom coms better lol
that sounds helpful for writing
i wish i could find a way to clear mine lol
so what is it that you do ?
i do not have a job yet but i like computers like my dad . If I had the chance, I would love to learn more about computers and work at an IT company like Hewlett Packard.
i am gonna work at hp someday .
hewitt packard , it's a computer company . my six siblings do not like computers as much as me .
that is okay , my moms an old lady and she stays home with us .
can you get social security if you're adopted ?
well since i was , i should try !
hi , i am chad i am a twin , my brothers name is chet
maybe i can come to your show sometime i have won many dance competitions
i would love to hear them sometime . i bake cakes they are wonderful !
do you like to read ? my favorite book is david copperfield .
i have tons of books , but i am short so i have trouble reaching the top shelf
what do you do for a living ?
wow , does that support you fully ?
hi how are you doing
that is cool do you like sports
ah i am a pro athlete
yeah its nice an i make a lot of money
do you like working there
that is nice what do you do for fun
that is cute do you like going to tea
hello , how are you today ?
same here . been getting tired due to all the fast good .
its just that my mother did not instill eating healthy in me .
there they go again . neighbors have been yelling a lot at eachother lately
i see . its actually happens in the middle of the night
we just deal with it . guess they are going through a lot
hey there . how is it going ?
doing well . getting ready to play some drums .
just for fun . i like your dog's name .
nope . if I did I think I would name it drake .
drake is a great artist .
I am an aspiring cook ! how about you ?
lucky you ! sounds like the great life !
not yet . want to go out to eat some time ?
hello , do you know sign language ?
oh , okay . i am deaf . do you read ?
you should try the old man and the sea .
is she a reader ? ladies love men who read .
do you play hockey ? or are you a figure skater ?
i am sorry , i have never heard of him .
do you have a car ? i do not know how to drive .
candy is great . one of my favorites .
hey friend how is the weather there ?
same . it wo not cool off here until mid november i bet
i am more of a winter girl , myself
yeah i hear its hot there .
hiking , camping , outdoorsy stuff . what about you ?
who is your favorite actor ?
i do not really have a favorite .
hey , its a nice day on the ranch , how are you doing ?
where to ? i have been looking into that for an easy job for a 21 year old .
great ! i love the outdoors as well . might hurt cheerleading practice though .
what are their names ? i love my black cat that matches my black hair .
that is good , so they do not stay underneath it when you are about to drive .
are they mostly indoor ? i know they get so scared when they have to go outside .
hi . how are you ? i just got back from a city council meeting .
ymca ? lol why do you ask ?
so do you eat healthy too ? the only food i eat is locally sourced .
me too . how do you feel about the outdoors ? i love the wide , open space .
nice . my house is on 5 acres . i love it . so much space to just be free .
nope . it is feline free .
nice ! go you ! i think i want to get some horses .
hi , how are you ? please tell me more about yourself .
that is great , i am a stand-up comedian in NYC !
no not at all . . i am actually from a small town called Utica in NY
that is great . . can't believe you know it !
that is right . . i am close to Syracuse, NY
heck yeah . . . our Italian is the best too !
hi i am sarah . what is yours ?
i am good . i am watching tennis . tennis and golf are my favorites
i did that with my 5th-grade students near oak hills , ny
anything i can . i read cookbooks while relaxing by the lake on weekends
yes , my family loves it that way .
i will happen soon for you .
yes 3 boys , 23 , 22 , and 16
hi ! tell me about yourself ! please tell me all about you .
was that the movie about the guys in the high security prison ?
food is your thing . i love cream in my coffee and beastie boys
i also love structure . my dream is to be a curator of a museum .
yes , i would be around art . painting is my hobby . how about you ?
you are also in the outdoors which is refreshing . i love country fresh air .
do you travel ? have you ever been to new york ?
hi there ! my name is shelly !
i just got back from work , i work retail and i am exhausted !
oh nice , tell me more about yourself david .
i live by the coast so the best sport is walking on the beach !
you should come david , and i can make you a great vegan dish
meet your parents ? ! my hair is still red from the accident !
i thought it was a black hair dye !
well , it is . makes me feel very spontaneous
hello , how are you doing ?
cool . . . i am eating a steak talking to my girlfriend
i followed my fathers footsteps and went to the military . what do you do ?
i am in school too , getting my bachelors
cool hobby , but i hate the snow give me sun any day
oh okay snow it is lol
i plan on taking a ride across town to see some old friends
horror and mystery . . . how about you ?
hi there ! how are you doing ?
i love days off . what do you do ? also you like to play tennis ? that is great !
i fly planes . i like to build computers in my free time .
what happened to your dad ?
that is cool though even if he is away a lot . what plans ?
that is so exciting ! i personally love tool . but they are good too
yeah it is ! i started listening to them in college before i dropped out
i just knew i wanted to be a pilot so i pursued that . you like to travel ?
only if i can travel around with you
i will do my best ! well it has been great chatting with you ! see you around !
what have you been up to today ?
that is dangerous ! maybe you should not be chatting
sometimes you only get one time . your life matters
i want to paint a mural of you
do you like art the way that i do ?
i go to art school
i just started this year !
i am not sure . but i am really enjoy painting with acrylics
hello ! how are you ? i am enjoying a fiction book right now .
oh how come its hard ?
oh no ! ! i am sorry ! do you watch football ? i enjoy nfl and college ball .
i also have a fantasy league . i do data entry . you ?
how nice i use to live on a farm as a kid . where ya from ?
i am from georgia . i have two siblings . do u have any hobbies ?
hi ! how are you ? i am not so great
oh so many issues . worried about my i will mom in the er
thank you so much . please pray for me too . i have many bills related to my health
can you also pray for healing for my teeth ? i can barely chew right now
i feel better now that i know people are praying for me . i miss my old life
i wish i did . back in my marathon days i always thought i would have them
i am too sick and busy caring for my sick mom now
no i need to though due to all of my bills from hospital stays
hello ! i am almost out of work . we should go fishing !
wow ! big family ! i have a classic car and a radio station i love .
what kind of lab ? i am preparing to decorate for christmas .
i sing along with the radio all summer long ! where do you live ?
unless you call reeling in a fish dancing ! i do not .
no . i just really enjoy it . were you high school sweethearts ?
i cook all the fish i catch . you ride trains in lab coats ?
no . if you win , will you share with me ?
hi . how are you doing ?
is that where you work
i do not blame you .
i do not like people or animals
i like quiet . i do go out and do reviews .
i like bike sometimes . i like the outdoors .
i have seen a bear once .
i have been feeling a little old . my only child just graduated college .
what do you do for fun ? i enjoy snowboarding
i try to run to keep in shape . i hate it . then i watch homer .
what do you like with it ? anything interesting like good meatloaf ?
the car place must not be paying you what you are worth . must be tired .
sounds like you are depressed . i am alone . that is why i run . no thinking involved .
gotta watch it . those commercials show an unreal world . any hobbies ?
do they ever become a reality ? you could make big bucks .
hey how are you doing ?
oh are you single ? any siblings ?
oh that is sad , maybe one day it will work out
i only have 5 , but i also have 5 bros too
all except for one is
do you have a job ?
i wait tables , but i want to go back to school
i will totally try to keep on it
good afternoon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! how are you ? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
just on slackware playing quake ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i am a total gamer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! linux is my favorite ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you have pets ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! me too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! two kitties and three doggies ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
yay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! farming is so cute ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you know when i call my moms , they both tell me how much they love me !
no , i like music though .
hey how are you doing today
i am doing good . might go rollerblading later
when i have some down time it helps keep me fit
do you like sports
like barbie dolls or the porcelain dolls ?
whats your favorite flower
i think roses are nice
hello . what are you up to ?
i just got done shopping for the first-grade class that i teach
no . i got pepperoni pizza for our class party . and some iced tea for myself
it will be on a weekday . that would be great .
i enjoy concerts but i do not go much
they would love that . what else do you do ?
i wish i was as interesting as you .
i shop in my free time . everything else is devoted to my students .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am feeling pretty down tonight . i wanted something really bad , yet failed terribly .
i went to an audition for something i have dreamed about , but freaked out .
sure , that would be great !
oh , i like these . . . . who is there ?
i loved that show as a child ! fred who ?
lol . i hope i can remember this next time i am in front of an audience .
i love the music in old cartoons . i enjoy singing the songs when i am alone .
hey , jefferson here , how are you ?
i am doing well , what do you think about dogs ?
i personally think dogs could read if we trained them .
yeah , i have a bunch of pet iguanas with sassy names, if I could train my iguanas to dance salsa, that would be a sight to see!
just a bunch of odd jobs , i do not have much money
that is great , i bet you could adopt a lot of animals with that money .
have you donated anything yet ?
wow that is very noble that was a terrible tragedy .
hi how are you today ?
i am good as well . but the weather lately is giving me allergies
it does not help that i live right on a pig farm
yes . all sorts of farm animals .
aww that is very sad . i am sorry .
do you live in the city ?
sometimes , i wish i can go live in the city
hi , how are you doing today ?
i design clothes , and i make a decent amount for living , you ?
I wish I could design clothes like you. It seems like such a creative and fulfilling career.
how long have you been playing ? i have no interest in sports.
how did you get into it ? and for a while now , i love the profit .
do you get pay for playing the games ?
do you make enough to support your family ?
hi how are you today
nachos are my favorite ! !
i do play d and d on my spare time when i am not working, sometimes I wish I could travel back in time to the medieval era and see if dragons really existed.
i have this belief that dragons are real !
makes sense , i do not like to talk to people too much , so i avoid social media .
then you do not have much of a choice ! ll
maybe ! who knows what the future holds !
hello , i am currently driving trucks in the south .
i can not work at google because i own three kids .
i wish i had days off because hot wings are the love of my life .
where is settle ? my life started in a trailer park .
where is a seattle ? singing in this lame church choir right now .
very lame . my three kids are lame .
your attitude is that of a chicken wing .
let us eat chicken wings and pray .
hi how are you doing
i am good are you into fitness
i like to go for a run when i wake up it really energizes me
i work at a candy company i need to excercise after eating candy
that is so sad are you married
oh wow i guess you would be afraid of excercise
i am so tired of my brother
he pretends he is a viking and it drives me nuts
i moved to oregon to get away
that is cool . what color are your nails ?
paint them green like mine
we could match . i do not match with many people in the attic, and I wish my attic had more natural light.
yes i do , it is beautiful .
hello , how are you tonight ?
that is so cool . my brother and i own a food truck .
that is horrible , do you need a job immediately ?
oh , okay . do you like to go to the park ?
really ? that is awesome . do you know how to surf ?
i could teach you if you want , my brother taught me when our parents died .
mine is too , when i am not dying it blond .
no , it is easy once you learn how to keep your balance on the board .
hi i am tanya i love to swim in my lake
i been to every state but alaska it is not bacon friendly
yeah i plan on traveling the world especially italy home of bacon
i miss my grandpas cabin in the woods
it is where i learned paddle board
it takes practice and no fear of falling
i do not worry i first tried in a foam pit
i stink playing bass i tried several times
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?
just got back from dance class . got a competition coming up .
nice . maybe you can be our team's photographer one day . got to talk to teach though .
no . i am just 15 . parents would kill me .
nice ! maybe when i am older . now it's Disney movies for me .
Little Mermaid has always been my favorite . Ariel is awesome .
really ! cool . what are their names ?
hey , tell me a little bit about yourself !
go on then , tell me a little bit about yourself !
cool ! so where are you from ?
nice , what do you do for work ?
i see , i am a volunteer at my local animal shelter .
thank you for your service ! do you grow any vegetables ?
i come from a long line of tall people but i am shortest in my family .
i am six feet tall but that is considered short compared to all of them .
ice cream is good and its a little cooler up here for us tall people .
i do not have weapons . i would rather dance with my friends . not stab them .
i like going to school . that is where i meet all of my friends .
but nobody ever heard britney sing . pop singers are not what they appear .
i like going to school but i do not have steady hands so no surgery for me .
hello , i am 35 years old , a hs teacher from japan
i teach japanese and drawing classes . are you single ?
i do , i love all kind of music , it makes me learn the language better .
i unfortunately do not , i only came here in 2007
i do not have any pets , i also do not have a gf either
what kind of a puppy is it ?
that is a cute name . what do you do as a hobby ?
i like working out , and drawing
i like being by myself , wear pink all the time and i teach yoga . you ?
wow ! you married ? i am .
when we get together its always new . it works ! what type of law office ?
neither do i ! i met my husband in 10th grade . any children ?
hmmm . what kind of corporate law keeps you from your children ?
i see . you will regret that later . you have all boys or all girls ?
no children . i myself am an only child . you sing ?
hell , are you a music fan ?
me to , mostly rock but i really like justin timberlake a lot
i am from kentucky myself , not much to do except ride horse and listen to music
i teach piano horse back riding when my two boys are at school
it is a full time job when they are home , but it is worth it
yes but we do go camping once a month to get away
a nice spot near the smokey mountains , it is breathtaking
hello , how are you doing ?
i grew up in new york by the hudson river , i love water
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
what kind of work do you do ? i am in finance and i love cats .
i like to be creative and paint preferably with watercolors , dogs are cool too .
the only thing with painting i do not want to clean up afterwards i hate it , lol
oh but i do and i also love to rollerskate , and i like cooking as well .
there are so many things i like to do , i have a lot of hobbies
hello i just turned 14 today
playing with my video games
swimming , it is how i get around mostly
sports cars are my favorite
i live in a fish tank
i stay with the grandparents i am a mermaid, I wish I could swim like a mermaid, that would be amazing!
sometimes what is your favorite fruit ?
you could if you tried
i like being a scientist and i like living alone . i can play guitar all i want .
i play video games too but mostly guitar in what little free time i have .
no but playing video games at my age is maybe a worse habit .
two masters degrees . now i am helping to colonize mars and the moon .
if i move to mars i will have plenty of free time to play guitar .
yes and it will be good for your students . we can hook up live and teach them .
i am just enjoying my free time left here to play my guitar before i go .
atari . i still have my original atari i got on my 10th birthday and it works great .
hi , what do you do for a living ?
awesome . i work at a university . where do you live ?
i live outside of nashville tn
i play several instruments as a hobby . how about you ?
what color is your classic chevy ?
not that much . i like to go fast though . what else do you do on the weekends ?
i go to the farmer market alot .
our farmers are bringing in a lot of tomatoes right now .
hi whats up ? do you like animals ?
no pets but i like to volunteer at shelters a lot .
oh not much . i like to dance .
no . . . its hard to find jobs when you cant spell very good .
hm . . . do you think really long hair would be a problem for that job ?
aw , how sweet . it reaches my knees ; i would have to put it in a bun .
i wish i could find a job dancing , though .
good afternoon , have you read the latest heather graham novel ?
romances are my favorite , easy to store in the cab of my dump truck .
i keep them in my prius too . habit from my army days as a tank driver .
born and raised in ohio . how about you ?
i have been there . very pretty in the fall .
i do not have either , yet . i hope to have at least five kids .
that is so cute . do you take a lot of photographs ?
hi how are you doing
i am good drinking my fifth cup of tea
is that where you work all the time
oh no are you buying a new one
ok where do you live
that is nice i guess its a good place to walk
yeah and you can always take a subway
mia khalifa plays video games
i rebuilt a diesel all day and was like damn
why you always bring up yo daughters ? you know my baby mama cut me
coo coo , so whats up ?
drink , drink , rebuild the nova , drink
right ? my dog drinks too , you gonna roll or what .
coo , i will be out front
hi , read any good books lately ? i just finished hadean james latest .
no i have not , but i do like fantasy and sci-fi books . and cookbooks on cupcakes .
i will look into . maybe it would give me an excuse to dye my brown hair blue . ll
awesome ! so what are the best female characters ?
that sounds like me ! ll . other than d d , what do you like ?
i love classic rock . eagles , pink floyd , heart . heart is my favorite .
hello . how are you doing today ?
what are you on break from ?
i like to get into politics
i like light music . it helps me get through my work at the office .
i work in customer service . i do not like it .
i wish i could work in politics
i am not even going there
do you like to read at all
hello i enjoy veterans since i am a old veteran
i was born and raised in kentucky i am well thank you
what are your hobbies i prefer to read a lot
yes i did , where are you from
sports are awesome , they promote team work
enders game are awesome reads
you should google it and check it out
well that is not good at all
you like music ? i like to run to bruno mars i love him
i have dogs 1 name bella 2 named billy
i have a car an its red
whoa really ? i work at the bank as an accountant
oh really ? that is cool where at ?
cool , i bet the kids that age are something else
hello , its mary ellen . sorry if i am grumpy , just finished my shift at aldis
sure , hope it helps ! my kids are wearing me out . toddler and a six year old
haha , i am in metro detroit . that is a long commute !
my husband says our house is too dirty for visitors . jerk .
partner ? congratulations . keep it clean . i sound like my husband now , lol
sorry headache makes me slow . headache cure listen to my heart will go on . works for me !
hey . sorry for taking so long . hows it going ?
haha . i work in construction . my daddy taught me how to sling rock
i feel you . what do you do for fun ? do you like sports ?
i hook up with random chicks . maybe i will wife one of them one day
ha . i believe that people fall in and out of love throughout their lives .
i will definitely consider it . i set my expectations too high sometimes
yeah . i have to separate somethings . work , relationships , focusing on my technique .
i am sorry to hear that . i sincerely hope things get better for you .
hey there do you like to listen to people sing ?
i sing everything an anything i sing to my kids the wall an everything
lol sometimes not always of course .
yes the bones from what i collect
i hunt animals with my son an daughters
i am not with husband .
no we do not eat what we hunt lol like sports ?
i feel empowered by league of legends . that is why i play it
i go for park walks sometimes . i do not want to atrophy from my gaming job
yes . it is about the accumulation of strength and power .
i like walking my dog in the park .
well i see it as training to cooperate with others
if i were not single , i do not think i would spend so much time gaming
my father was a computer programmer . that is where i got my start in gaming
i still think i would be addicted to league of legends though .
hi how are you today
pretty good do you like gaming ?
cool gaming is my favorite thing to do
do you ever swim in the rain
you should try it , it is refreshing
yeah that joe guy can make some good stuff
yeah second only to his brother joseph
yeah they sure got some hard wood there
hi , do you enjoy watching movies ?
exploring can be fun , i enjoy watching horror movies at the flicks
no ! i was raised by my grandma so fear nothing .
oh cool , i have been to india a few times to become a music teacher there
have you been to many places worldwide ? are you in competitions ?
off topic , what is your favourite colour ?
hi lets get to know each other . where are you from ?
i am drunk . i drink and buy too much stuff online often .
congrats . i would go to aa , but nobody cares to see me sober . so alone . .
i do write happy childrens books for a living , ironically . what do you do ?
sounds exciting . are you married ?
no , love does not really exist . it is all an act . forever alone . .
maybe , for now i will keep drinking and shopping on amazon . com .
hi there how are you doing
i am actually a comedian
i plan events too like party
mine is blue , that s why i am into diving deep sea
oh , you lucky , my sister joined a cult and we just knew it now
and my dad is a member of weird group
oh , i remember it is a community group
communist i should say so
i have housework to do . i want to go to the art museum .
i am a bean counter an accountant . i escape in my painting .
i am of italian descent . maybe that is why i hate being in an office .
no . learned it on my own through the computer . it pays well .
brooklyn . i liked going to central park . painting the trees with all different colored leaves .
you can paint anywhere . but at work . and play loud music . any kind .
fabulous . trees are starting to change . good walking weather .
how are you ? what is your profession ?
what do you do for a living ?
i own my own saloon but we do nails there too
i enjoy being a hair stylist .
kinda like how i colored my hair purple the other day .
that is soo true ! i love it !
always room to be creative . i did that at my own wedding last year actually .
it was thank you soo much ! are you married ?
hello there . how are you ?
good thanks . just drawing a picture .
i do too . i love all music .
i have 5 kids so leather is a little impractical .
i am a stay at home mother .
me too . i stay up late watching movies .
maybe bright red streaks ? or a mohawk ?
hey how are you doing today ?
about time talk i missed you and just ate taco
yeah just relax while i read you be okay
i like talking with you
rather just dance with you more of a reader
you want to play soccer me play
rather sit home read a book
hello ! i am in college . are you ?
i do not think i can help . the battery on this new laptop is not good .
i do not have time to cook . my philosophy and history classes take up all my time .
i see them all the time on my way to school . i ride my bike .
whew , that is rough . sorry to hear it . thankfully the school is only a mile from me .
nice ! exercise is a great tool for weight loss . i like to write short stories .
i bet . i use a prompting app to write my stories in my document tab .
no . i am too busy , unfortunately . do you ?
i am a viking who likes to go biking .
before the end of the year is a sentence with no verb .
what do you translate ? i am a viking with a viking beard .
what things are those of which you speak ?
my beard is so so long .
you should ride a bike like i do to cheer up and stop writing badly .
that is wise . i play football with my viking beard flowing from the helmet .
no it gives me football powers and i win more .
will you buy me a new car ?
mine is really old . and you love me
oh . . i do not know a lot of things . i did not finish school .
we could go to the movies , in my new car .
yeah , i would go anywhere with you .
my mom was a school teacher .
she retired . and my father used to be a preacher .
hi how is it going ?
what kind of job do you have ?
that is cool . i am unemployed , but aspiring to be a writer .
that be great . glad to have time to write nowadays . i am a professional translator as well .
i love that show .
that would be cool . i could say i know a real astronaut
ahh , yes you are very smart . great idea .
that is a great person to look up to .
good morning ! i am enjoying a good cup of creamy coffee you ?
sometimes that is the best what kind of music do you like ?
neither do the beastie boys . what do you do for a living
that is really awesome i paint houses have you ever traveled
i have been to new york city once crazy place that city .
oh yes , lots of mom an pop diners , so why hippos ?
did not know that interesting fact
sounds like it , what else do you like
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
the mummy sucked so bad lol
yes it is and tom cruise is played out
what movies have you seen ?
yeah his old movies are way better
hi how are you doing ?
i think its ok i guess
why do you say that ?
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
what do you mean by that ?
hey there how are you doing ?
i am doing ok . just studying
oh no . why what happened ? where are you from ?
oh wow . why would that bother her ? do you recycle btw ?
not really . i love being outside though . california is great for the outdoor
haha . that is odd . do you go to school ? i am currently a full time student
ahahah wtf man . that is weird
hi , how are you doing today
i wish i could swim , i cant bring my cane with me
i would have to miss my dj shift , my friends would be upset
i do ! i should get one to help me get around , a seeing eye dog
i have never seen it . i did drive once , my friend guided me through it
i am , but i learned how to type and how to dj .
thanks for inviting me to your pool
hi how are you doing
i am good just got back form a hike
yeah i am pretty outdoorsy
that is too bad i am about to get my nails done
ok ! i go every week
oh no why is that
who are you usually angry at
that is funny do you like volleyball
hello how is your day going
i adore my three dogs at home
i also love riding my bike
my blood sugar is crazy i need to check
excercise is not my favorite but it needs to be
what is the nightish brand sell
wanna come over and watch the godfather ?
you can skateboard over . i do not live too far . i have candy and soda to share .
i promise there are no animal products in my candy and soda .
i eat a lot of candy and soda , that is why i am now 300 pounds .
do you think a guy like me could learn how ?
ok . what else should we do ?
no . i just watch tv . the godfather , mostly .
uh , does the theme music to the godfather count ?
would you like to have some wine ?
even red wine ? you should try
where are you working ? me in a retailer for clothing
oh wow , that s awesome . i do gardening as pastime
my one child wanted to be like that too
do you train yourself alone ?
wow you must be an expert now
yes i a , that s a long time already
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
and what company is that ?
are they the camera doorbells ?
oh ok i got that wrong
you own your own business ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i used to live near dallas
no , i used to live in corinth
yes i like maroon 5 a lot
hello , i am a yoga loving vegan !
you practice any type of meditating ?
i do a little bit of writing in my marketing job .
i wish you good luck with that . i always wanted to go .
you should try yoga , it might help you focus on skating even better !
orange ! the same color of my favorite snack ; carrots with ranch !
i love punk rock , except when they wear leather , aside from that i am a fan
hello how are you tonight
i am great just never liked sports
i am shooting a bow and arrow but at fake targets
no i work in the office too much
i am talented in bike riding as well
i will too that is so cool
it is much more healthier if you can
i understand that it could be hard
spongebob is so funny , he is kind of weird sometimes .
thank you , do you have cheese in your fridge ? i love it
i am a mature lady by the way .
she likes frank sinatra ? i love him .
ok , that is nice to know , what do you think of spongebob
i love spongebob because i am a huge fan
it is a cartoon , that is so funny , but he makes funny noises
watch tv and eat chips with cheese
hello , how are you tonight ?
is beef jerky your favorite food ? i am a fan of italian food myself
what type of meat do you make jerky off ?
do you do any other things besides make jerky in your free time ?
sounds like you are from the south , what is your favorite team ?
i have heard of them , but sports is not my thing
that sounds like it would be dirty to clean up from !
i usually wash my car at home , more fun to do with the kids .
hello good evening how are you
that is nice i just poked my eye with my five inch finger nail
yes but at least i am not wearing makeup , i hate the stuff
halloween is my favorite holiday because i love the orange , do you have a favorite
its raining here i am soaked stupid hot pink moped
i also like to rock out with my band the pumpkin heads
do you have pets ? yes i think red hair is cool like carrie
well i have 5 hair less cats
what do you do for work ?
i build large aquariums .
yes , i've worked with seaworld .
i find it soothing . i have a lot to deal with at home .
that may be awkward . one of my six brothers is bald maybe i will try him .
maybe , i am in the process of learning sign language .
my wife just became legally deaf .
i am sorry to hear that .
hello what is going on today ?
pretty good day here . my sister and i played baseball
i agree . i was a preemie baby so my parents value family
new york . my dad works for the times
where do you live now ?
that is where i live now too . what a coincidence
it is much hotter here than in new york
i kind of miss it actually
hey ! what are you up to ?
just listening to some rock music . what do you do for work ?
congratulations ! i have never worked , my mom hit it big working for apple .
i love playing video games ! all genres . you ?
no , not really . you ?
very cool . i have never been there .
i live outside of orlando , florida . i love it here .
i know we are strangers , but i am fascinating to talk to !
well i am somewhat of an artist . i draw . . . with my sausage fingers !
yup , fat fingers . . . it happens . and you are a bloodied beet farmer ? you are the fascinating one !
nice ! maybe sometime i can show you . most of it is inspired by sprite
bears are awesome . i feel big as a bear . . . i chugged too much sprite
that is your favorite show , right ?
a great way to spend your day off . i am going to take care of this gassiness . . .
thanks ! hopefully the sprite will run its course in the least offensive way possible .
hello . forgive me if i am brief . i am very tired today .
that is sweet . i do not have family . no parents or siblings that is .
it is ok . work keeps me busy . travelling alone keeps me on my toes !
very cool ! you probably only get about 3 hours of sleep each day too , huh ?
as smart as i am , you would think i would find a job closer to home .
hopefully ! oh well , at least in the meantime i can enjoy trying steak at different places .
oh my goodness . . . steak is my favorite !
i do . my favorite artist is kenny chesney .
hello there !
i am fat ! haha i cook too much
food . i am not picky
now that is a diet ! we are happy people my friend
you should sell cars like my dad
well that is cool too . bye !
hey man , how is it going ?
me too , man , me too . what do you do for work ?
how fun ! i am unemployed and looking for work . got a masters degree .
swimming . i have been swimming since i was four .
camping is fun ! i once camped out to see kid rock . he is my fave .
he is not too bad to look at ! that is for sure !
he is quite talented . just like kid rock !
one day i hope to meet stan lee at comic con .
cool ! i can draw a comic for your report .
i love going to comic con in ny .
i am sorry . do you like to read ?
that is great . i read anime to relieve stress .
you must be smart .
not me . i only work hard at comics .
yes . i grew up in nj .
hi how are you today
i go to the casino . its a problem
wow do not do them at the same time !
i do financial analytics for a bar
how many beers have you tried in your life ?
i have had over 35 different beers
they seem nice . are you married ?
hey there . how are you ?
you have a lizard ? awesome ! i found a lizard on the farm yesterday .
gila is the name of my ex-girlfriend . . . she eloped with my best friend , dan .
no . i run the family farm by myself .
it sucks , but i have a lot of friends to go hunting and party with .
blue , i guess . brown is a good eye color .
do you travel a lot ?
Have you tried Halo 3 ?
Too bad . i just got a brute prowler i wanted to show you .
sometimes i get all the songs stuck in my head . what do you do ?
out of shadow , one final effort , sounds good humming and singing in the shower
i bought the Halo 3 soundtrack . what do you market ?
sometimes i freeze in the cold water when i shower but that is about it .
cold showers make me feel as though time stops . sort of like meditating right ?
hello , how is your day so far ?
doing great . just finished dropping the children off at swim practice .
cool beans . i work as meeting coordination for goodly . . . what branch you operate from ?
ok . i am upstate myself in schenectady , ny
tell me who has the best mail order lobster there ?
i will check it out . my husband and I are always in for a road trip .
hello , do you like to paint ?
i do scream therapy with my art , it is so hard to connect with people .
mine all get buried under the same tree . it is a mini cemetery under there ,
i have two dogs now , they are better than most people .
do you homeschool your boys ? i was homeschooled .
sounds exciting and a little creepy at the same time .
nothing wrong with that , who has not spent the night in a cemetery .
hello , how was your work today ?
mine was also fine and i had new customers recruited to the business
yes and i want the number to increase every day
i listen to music especially country and slow jams
no but am going to look for it and watch it
what is your favorite sport in life
i enjoy american checkers and chase .
hi there ! i hope you do not mind speaking with quite the nerdy individual . o
doing quite well ! i have baked a pie in the shape of pi , ha . how about yourself ?
that is terrible ! i will eat enough for us both . tell me more about yourself !
make some for me ! i may be a stem major , but i love to cook .
person anything i can measure to the nearest degree with accuracy ! there is recipes on my pc .
i am a huge gamer , i spent the day playing on my pc . do you pc game ?
hello how are you doing ?
congrats ! what are we celebrating ?
that is amazing . i have already graduated with an accounting degree
yes , but my real passion is music . i play gigs at night
yes , i love animals , i even has a pet fish in my pond .
i also am into gardening , i am currently learning how to do that .
nice ! i make extra money playing gigs after my day job .
it helps , but most my income comes from being an accountant .
hello , it is a pleasure to chat with you today , how are you ?
i just got off work , i am the chief barista
just watching tv with jasper my cat
what movie are you watching today ?
i am hungry for sausage pizza but i am vegan
i grew my favorite flowers , they are roses i could send you some
hello how are you doing today ?
oh really are you an accountant ? i am baby sitting at the moment
i day trade on the side . what do you do for fun ? hobbies ?
i just eat and hang out with my gf . we are foodies .
i get mad if my food is not on point . so you are a socialite ?
wow i believe you . where did you go to school ?
i know it is . you must be very cultured .
i went to lsu , usm , and usa . i dropped out though
how are you this fine evening ?
i am well . just finished getting my children to bed .
that sound yummy . what flavor of pudding is it ?
haha ha . just burn a candle . it helps the smell .
at least they would be lemon smelling already .
lemons do not grow in canada either . but they are not expensive to buy .
like bagels ? i surely like to make them .
back in the early 2000s i use to be a nurse .
but now i am currently a cartographer .
yes i did after a good arm wrestle ha
awe well i understand , how is the road ?
i bet ! you be safe out there
nice to meet you . where do you live ?
ohh , i live in san diego , pretty close to the ocean .
horses are the best , but i do not own any . do you have pets ?
cats or dogs ? are you a vegan like me perhaps ?
oh , haha . popcorn is good , without butter . where do you work ?
i think i am stealing the baby cows milk form her momma . we can disagree
no . i gave up ice cream too . which is hard working in retail .
do you have a color you like the best ?
i like to watch football what do you like to watch in sports ?
do like rock music or classical music , i like the folk art music ?
what kind of television shows do you watch ?
no i do not either i work all the time on the farm
yes i have several cattle on it some pigs and chickens
in a way i love it
hello , i am sitting here having some coffee . how about you ?
oh so you were serving my favorite thing ; coffee !
that is a great plan ! i am trying to win the lottery and get rich !
i do have two children . they are naughty .
i hope that she is a joy
i work full time as well as a teacher .
i enjoy hanging out with friends and occasionally gambling .
i was going to ask what you enjoy !
hi how are you today ?
i love that show ! , it is one show i watch when school is in
i go to art school
in la , i am focused on painting . what is you favourite class
what kind of music to you play
i do not play but i love , dance music
what do you want to do after high school
i want to do murals
hello ! i just got back from a fishing trip , how are you today ?
three dogs ? wow ! that sounds like work .
no fish today . its okay , though . i prefer cheeseburgers over trout !
when my mom was teaching in the city , we used to get bobs burgers .
nice ! do you play any instruments ?
i play bass guitar in a bad ! strings rule
hey hows it going ?
i am doing great too , do you have any hobbies ?
that is cool , and i love singing and cooking especially on sundays
no i do not
i actually love to cook breakfast on sunday .
my pancakes are amazing not to brag . tell me more about you .
i am single but i am into women and i work at a news weather station .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am a college student studying psychology
i am a real big fan of country music
playing video games is fun in my spare time
same here , right now i have this crummy job at scrubway
do you enjoy living life to the fullest ? , cause i do
hi ! how are you ? do you like music ?
bad kitty ! i am learning to play guitar and i love jim hendrix
oh wow ! like david bowie . when i do not play i like fishing
cool ! a guy i work with at the deli speaks italian
never been to italy . if i ever go back to college i may study italian
haha maybe one day when i am better at guitar
nope . just the fish i catch and eat i guess haha . you ?
how is the evening there ?
nice . i am drinking coffee. I wish I could go on a coffee tasting tour around the world.
do you like french vanilla ? my favorite coffee flavor .
what is the movie you are watching ?
yes it is great . my cat just came by .
i call my cat cow because it is black and white .
maybe you could get your kids a cat .
oh a mother is always busy .
i like brownies and just baked some . what is your favorite dessert ?
i am well . i am playing with my kitten .
it definitely would be , yeah .
i do but we do not live together .
i am not sure you are using that word correctly , haha . it means charitable .
haha , that is funny . lots of us are that way .
i think they just want others to think that about them .
my best healthy meal is white chili and yours
fine and love yoga sessions for a healthy body
mine is lie down with lions by ken follet
oh no i like them when they are doll like not live ones
only at school and it was a spelling quiz
am a teacher and own some private entities from my line
am in that line of physics and maths
hey , are you interested in history ?
i am good . how are you ?
oh great . what subject is that ?
i am more into humanities , philosophy and history . are you in college ?
yes , i do write some short stories to support myself .
i study at the university of virginia , and you ?
is it close to boston ?
i love boston . it is my favorite city . what is yours ?
nerds rule jocks aint cools
i do as . i will be valedictorian next year
a high school diploma and i play an instrument as well
healthy eating is important to me and i try to be social above my station .
no mom will not let us have any . distraction
flat land kansas city mo
hi there . how are things ?
i like eating big sausages . that is my favorite .
your master ? as a mother , this interests me . tell me more .
social services sounds exhilarating compared to upholstery .
that would be perfect ! i live near a lake full of fish for sushi !
my husband loves eating my fish from the lake .
what do you like to do for hobbies ?
hello ! how are you ? let me tell you about me ; number one , i am an excellent cook .
haha ! hey , i hate cheeses flavor , which is hard because it is in many dishes .
you have it easy friend ! i have to take care of my daughter ; do you have kids ?
you are right on that , cheese does not go well . . with anything , haha . that is wonderful !
how tall are you ? i am 5 11 , just short of six feet tall .
me ? i do not just cook , i bake all day and every day .
oh yeah ! i make a killer batch of brownies ; they are my specialty !
hell yeah ! i love pancakes in the morning ! e z as pie easier really.
will you help me ? by watching tv with me
i am in high school too
i am in the school band .
that is boring . i want all your attention
i do not care , what about me
that is just so rude of you to say
lol i do not care about that , only about what i want
how are you doing today
i am okay . i am singing .
i sing everything to myself
who is your favorite singer
i love almost every singer
where is that at ? no i am out .
what is it like there
is it more country or city
hey there ! i am just taking a break from baking . whats up ?
how romantic ! just some cupcakes for the surf a thon . gotta feed my fellow surfers
wow sounds so sweet ! so we both love the water huh ?
haha its sweet you compromised . have you been together long ?
i get it . . . i grew up an army brat and my family is so disapproving of me too .
but would not that be just adorable ?
it should work out ! that is what i say before going to my hospital shifts
yeah ! its hard work being a nurse . good luck on your wedding and family !
hey there how was your day today ?
its going ok . just doing a little sewing . you ?
oh i love the quiet . nothing better than quiet alone time for me
i am sewing a sweater for my cat ahahah
me to lol what do you do for work ?
oh that sounds amazing . i love piano ! i am a waitress
yea its def stressful . can get frustrating
hello i am frank and you are
do you have any hobbies
i feel you i manage a grocery store and like to cycling and reading
canada i spend my weekends travelling back to enjoy the view
i hope to complete professionally or qualify for a event . love rock man
its a very nice day out
how long have you lived there
that is awesome do you plan on moving anywhere else
hi . are you in school ? i just got accepted to uc santa cruz !
that is cool . i will major in computer science . you use computers at work ?
nice . i do not eat meat . do you cook vegetarian ?
fish , yum . i just finished high school . how old are you ?
dogs are nice . when i play video games my dog sits at my feet .
atari . . . and you are only 36 ? are you sure ? lol . . .
ok i hear you . me too . that is why i just graduated , and i am 28 . haha .
lol . i cannot help you there buddy . but i heard college babes are hot .
hi , how are you this fine day ?
i am great , my family comes to visit me every saturday . do you have family ?
cool , , how many siblings do you have ?
what a big family . you must be young , i am 77 can you believe it
oh wow , congratulations ! what are you studying ?
silver , how about your favorite ?
huh , that is interesting . are you married ?
you like blue better than red ?
hi how are you today ?
pretty good do you like sports ?
cool i am a soccer playa
i really only work once a week when we play haha
only to our games and practice
why is that huh huh ?
yeah we do soccer things on ours
whats going on on your end , friend ?
pretentious hipster , eh ? well , i have got a tattoo of thorns on my toes .
i also wear silver jewelry . is that hipster ?
what kind of work counts as hipster ? my jobs in a doctors office .
well , how do i become a hipster dental hygienist ?
i do not think my boss would like me drinking on the job .
hello there ! how are you doing today ?
phones are the best ! i use mine mainly to facetiae .
with my family living 900 miles away , it comes in handy ! what do you do ?
nice ! i just got my marketing degree . definitely a passion of mine ! got any passions ?
i am a music person too . county music is my poison .
ha ! no doubt . do you have a favorite place to travel to ?
ya know , i have never seen the wizard of oz .
not a bad idea ! i might have to do that !
hi there . how are you doing today ?
awesome . just getting a few hits under my belt on my day off
oh yeah ? i love the rolling stones ! ! who are you listening to ?
love them too . i am in chicago . . . where are you ?
fun job . i am not so fortunate . i work for ibm i am a desk jockey
i go to hawaii as often as i can . i hope to retire there soon 10 years maybe
pie . any kind of pie . whats your favorite ?
lol . i love broccoli so long as its covered in lots of cheese .
how are you ? i am exhausted from serving espresso all day
they let me decorate the cafe with roses and orange table cloths
it is . my fav colour and fav flower , now you just mentioned my favourite band
do you do red hot chili peppers covers ?
i like under the bridge . not easy to play on my heavy string guitar
i wonder if any of the band members are vegan like me
my cafe has vegan desserts . that is why i work there as a barista
no . just coffee and soy drinks .
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing good , i just got out of bad
wow that is rough ! am still in high school and i joined band
that is too much for me , but i do like making friends
probably hobbit . how about you ?
no idea what that is . i have watched over 600 movies
interesting haha , i still live at home too but then again i am still in high school
you should just leave whenever she
hi how are you tonight
cool do you have any pets like a cat i do
i live with my parents and i am 45 i was adopted
not much just hang out and stuff
no i am from rome how about you
that is cool i need a job
being born in june does not count so i have none
i speak all of them how about you
hello , i am a bartender
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i really really like hot dogs
i make hot dogs for a living . my dad taught me
nice , my dad was a bartender
he always came home late from work
sure , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
hello there how are you today
awww that is so sweet . good luck ! i love romance
same here . i am a yoga instructor
that is wonderful . i have always loved yoga . i love having a healthy lifestyle
haha yea it can be a little difficult at times lol
what do you like to do in your free time ?
just watching movies . i really enjoy romantic comedies
lol yeah i am a sucker for the whole love conquers all storyline
its called friends with benefits . with justin timberlake
yes lol he is an ok actor
good afternoon , how are you ?
so far so good with the hurricane looming .
yeah , usually i make breakfast on the weekends and go to the beach .
very cool . i do tv production and we have a yoga show on the beach we do .
true . my girlfriend is worried sick .
are you in florida as well ?
good idea . one can sing if there is less stress .
hi how are you doing
i have 2 dogs as well
i like being outdoors and hiking
what a great place to live
i sounds like i do have you always lived there
i am from france and moved here 10 years ago
hi how are you today ?
same here . my family has a restaurant we all work here .
how do you like your job ?
you must love horses . i manage the joint . thank goodness no cooking for me .
you do what is good for you !
got to follow your dreams . following parents dreams leads to unhappiness .
very cool . you should do that ! incubus .
you have a favorite band ?
how are you ?
hi
not bad . . just moved to florida and am loving it here d
interesting . what are your hobbies ?
that is so cool ! you seem very creative . i do not know how to paint . . . wish i could !
i like that . . . rules are so arbitrary
you are a lawyer ?
oh ! that sounds like a fun job . i do not work but i ponder a lot
hey hey , hows it going ?
that sounds good i had tacos
me too ! you ever had taco johns fish tacos ? they are bomb !
fresh is probably better i am sure ! i should go visit , i would kill for some crabcakes
so whats your favorite season ?
i love summer , so if she is talking about that i like her !
but you said you're always on your boat , so does not the weather affect you ?
i do not blame you , i plan to be a dr. when i am done with school
names jed and i enjoy eating meat
i enjoy listening to rap
i really like stake it is my favorite food
my car is black and i drive around in it
yes i do because of work i do work in finances
yeah there are days when i become a homebody
how can you make fruit ?
oh ok , that makes perfect sense
i have a dream to learn how to fly
oh i am grown but still want to fly planes
i rather get more stamps , i collect
no i do not not yet , i got a few yellow ones and teal
nope not all what you doing ? what kind of motorcycle you got ? i like to ride
really ? what color belt are you ? cool
oops lol this is a mess , oh your a girl cool
when is your next fight i want to see it ?
hi , i am walt . what is your name ?
those must have hurt but probably not as much as the time i hiked mount everest .
it was until i shot a lion and used it to keep warm . what about you ?
i cry when i watch gone with the wind also . what else can you tell me ?
i have to go play with these clay models .
i will try to paint them but it will not be good . are you ready ?
ok , see you later on .
can you exit . it will not let me
i live an alternate lifestyle , i like other women
sometimes you wonder if you are on the right track
true , i do feel bad for taking beautiful women from men lol
i know the feeling exactly , i am retiring at the end of month
i review other peoples work
i am an uncle sam auditor
no i hate the irs too lol
hi . how are you today ?
i am good . just got done reading my bible .
every day . now i am about to watch a rerun of jeopardy .
some . i have been in london , just got back last week .
just visiting an friend that used to live in the states .
we spent time just exploring and eating .
are you religious ? i am .
oh . are you in a relationship ?
hello . hows it going today ?
ha . so you like music ? can you dance ?
i love popping pills and then going hunting . is that dangerous you think ?
that is good advice . i will try to keep it in mind . do you like sports ?
i do not like driving either . actually i just do not like other drivers . i get too angry
i just ate some monterrey jack . do you have a favorite cheese ?
i do not like the stinky cheeses . the ones that smell like armpits . no bueno
hi , how was your day ?
very busy . i have 8 grandchildren in town visiting , so they have my hands full .
yes , they keep me active . age is just a number i am in really good health .
i am retired . 64 . i even started going to pole dancing classes last year ! its so fun .
do you take any type of fitness classes ?
do you do weight training ?
nice ! any tips for an older gal ?
hello how are you today ?
i am at the hospital with my mother , she is hurt
we have a genetic food chewing problems and hers got super bad
why would you go bald ? that is very nasty
oh yeah they have real bad allergies
oh no ! just throw the parrot out of your house
i know and i completely understand , better to cut it off now
well hang in there ! you will figure it out
how are you doing today ?
i am making lunch . i had to dry my hands
i am making sandwiches ! i do not really like sugar .
what do you do on your free time ?
i like to play baseball and watch anime
no i am not in school anymore
i wish they had more online classes in my day .
how are you on this fine , fine day ?
environmentally friendly and cool i just finished a delicious keto meal . . . !
no pain no gain . you seem very disciplined with your diet plan . i like that !
i wish ! if only my lsat scores were above 150 i would be there too . circus !
no , i was but now i am a circus juggler and i use fire !
i sometimes travel to hawaii to entertain tourists at their luaus . aloha !
hello . what do you think of the future ?
yeah the future scares me . i do not want any animals to get hurt .
i do not . i have a lot of siblings though . six . they have pets
what is pr ? my parents adopted me . i am very fortunate to have a family .
such a great feeling to be accepted and loved !
not really . i like tv more . my mom stays home and we have our shows
hi how are you today
i am fine fine my name is z a d e n put them together
o k whatever so how old are you
ya of for many reasons
guess what i love math
mine is blue the color of the sky
o k so why do you work on here i now for money but also what
money o k could you earn more on other websites
hi how are you today ?
jealous what are your hobbies ?
do you have any dogs ?
i have a golden . do not eat him
not yet but i work in advertising
true that . i also write fiction too
hello . i hope you are having an awesome day .
i actually started swim lessons . never been a swimmer .
yes it has . i am forty . do you swim .
until recently i lived a sheltered life . i lost my mother when i was two .
difficult in my younger years . what is the name of your cat ? i love animals .
pretty name . i do not know any other language . i watch a lot of anime .
hmm . there are so many . how about you ?
reading is a good thing . lunch time for me . . cheeseburger , my favorite .
hey how are you , are you Canadian too ?
oh wow , I have a thing for football players ;
oh , this keeps getting better Harvey , are you single ?
oh Harvey please stop , that is getting to me . I hate my husband
me neither , but we can do other things , when my twins are not home
because he is boring , I am French so I like to play around .
no problem , I guess you are pretty young for me anyways .
well I work in digital art so I know a lot of tricks
hello there how are you doing today ? staying cool i hope
i am doing great . i am about to have leftover pasta for lunch .
oh no what is it ?
I wish I could dye my hair blue like you.
i think blue is the only color i have not done yet .
do you think blue food would sell well ? i could make blue cookies or ice cream
clearly lol . where are you from ?
hi , my name is laura , how are you doing this beautiful day ?
i plan to head to work after i finish cutting my grass . what are your plans ?
i like to read the wall street journal , taking care of my car and yard .
wow , that is impressive ! i try to enjoy as much of the outdoors as i can
my husband and i love camping in our home state . do you camp ?
that sounds like a great memory ! do you still camp ?
hello there , albert here . whats going on for you this morning ?
hey cat , i am watching a channel called escape . you ever watch it ?
awesome ! i love podcasts as well . anything npr !
no , but i have ten nieces and nephews . they are enough !
i work in the judicial system and have seen my fair share of bad kids .
yeah , but it really keeps me grounded . also , it keeps me humble .
yeah , given how things are in usa now , i want to be a federal judge.
i volunteer at a hospital near where i live . that is rewarding !
good afternoon how are you
i love beer and cars
i am a marketer and work in sales
my favorite car is a mustang
yes i love classic rock
i love shooting darts for fun
yes only when i work out
wow . that should help you lose weight
hello , how are you tonight ?
i used to play baseball and be wild , but have not in ages
do you like to travel ?
that does not really go along with what i asked . . .
i have always tried to travel to europe or central america , like ireland or puerto rico
any place down there specifically ?
do you have any pets ?
hi , i am just having a beer i have one every night after work
sorry i do not listen well , i am looking for someone to listen to me
i like food specially meat and it has to been well done no pink ever
i am in construction what do you do for a living ? i do roofing .
oh man i will need to do too , lol the ladies like that i played football
nursing ? does that pay good ?
i like to read books as well but only if they are about Chevy trucks
hi how are you doing ?
i would have to go with green
i love animals and music
i listen to country music
awww i am sorry to hear that
yes i have 2 dogs . you ?
what do you do for a living
hi there , whats going on ?
very cool . i am hanging out with my doberman , burt .
huskies are the coolest .
so do i . last year form my 24th birthday i went to a husky rescue .
in pennsylvania , what about you ?
that is cool , i am a truck mechanic .
oh yeah , enough to buy burt and myself pizza every single day .
good evening . how are you ?
good . tired . i work at the vets office .
teaching is cool . i love history .
dogs . we mostly get dogs at the clinic .
i do not . i spend so much time with them at work as is .
i do play for the local theater company .
very cool . my fiance does as well !
on occasion . its so expensive lately .
hey what are you doing today ?
just bored af . . need something fun to do
i love working out at the gym . you ?
i love doing those things . we should be friends lol
oregon . what about you ? where are you from ?
i bet its really nice there . would love to jog on the beach
hello ! i am arnold . how are you ?
not much to do here either . just watch television .
shopping is ok . i mainly just go to school and watch television .
i am only in 5th grade because i am 10
i want to be a super hero . that is why i drink orange juice all the time .
a nurse would be neat . i do not like needles .
i do like the country . i think it is pretty .
how are you doing today ?
i have to wake up in the morning
i want to just travel all over the place
do you have any pets ?
i have 9 cats and 8 dogs
yes and i love cars as well
i love to draw . what is your favorite cuisine ?
how are you doing today ?
doing okay . trying to get work done , but having trouble with getting motivated .
i have so many papers to write . are you doing any better ?
i need to stop letting my mind wander .
from texas , how about you ?
wow , you have come a long way !
i have been to san diego . it was really nice there
hello how are you today ?
i am sorry to hear , break up over text
oh that sucks . maybe leave a note on the computer ?
lol . just pack your things and hit him with a hockey puck
oh okay , well go to bars and meet some new friends
yeah that could be a good place
i look after my mom who looks after grandma
family is the best but the worst at the same time
wow , someone is on ! good evening ! how are you ?
i have never been much of a singer , i prefer writing . my wife loves to sing .
i love the city , so many museums . i love the art gallery . have you been ?
i play a lot of games with my 10 nieces and nephews . keeps me busy .
do you have any kids ?
i never wanted any of my own , far too busy
i bet they are . are you married ?
hi how are you today
i am ok wish my allergy medicine would kick in
what kind of music do you play ? do you have ear protection ?
lol but it would stop your ears from ringing . i live in west va
i tend the farm we have a lot of pigs
since i moved her i stopped eating meat
i bet you drink a lot of coffee now that you work there . i have lost weight
that is easy to do with as good as it is
hi , how are you today ?
i am good , listening to some country music watching the reality show i was on .
a show on cbs but it was in 2007 . ll , now i work as circus clown .
my teacher mom sent them a tape of me and i got on .
i surf . love to surf . you ?
well , you do not have to be from a place to love the food .
italian , mexican , and chinese . yum , yum , yum .
hello , my name is pat what your ?
fine , what is your favorite time of year ?
well my is spring not too hot or cold
no none right now what about you
that is good thing that you all do .
i love work on the farm too .
yes , that too but i grow up on the farm .
ok , i love fishing too , what about you ?
hi how are you doing ?
i am a little sad but not too bad .
i just feel that way all of the time
i wish that i had the energy to .
i do not like animals .
i do not like to work, I wish I could find joy in simple things like riding a bike just like you.
i do not like much of anything
that is nice . i wish i were you .
hello , how are you doing ?
i am okay too . what do you have planned for today ?
lol i was watching that earlier . i prefer to watch the voice .
cali born and raised . always down for beach , love to swim . how about you ? I wish I could swim with the mermaids in California.
that is cool . i am in the marines .
nice . read any good books lately ?
hi what are you up to tonight ?
i could edit it for you . i am in school to be an english teacher
sounds interesting . i moved from africa when i was only 5
i remember a little . having to watch out for wild animals when outside
yes i did . i hope to find a job when i graduate next september
is that common for the author to act in the movie ? would be cool
oh yeah did not think of that . i hope it works for you
are you an actress too ? my brother is in a band but famous life is not for me
hey how are you doing today ?
doing well . i am looking for a new home .
yea i am looking for a beach home . www no partying ?
i love whiskey . i host amazing parties .
i will . we can do some honey whiskey shots . i love those
what about makers mark 46 ? got a favorite animal ?
? doing you r how , there hi
? nature like you do , good very
electronic like i ? like you do music of kind what
? country another in lived you ever have
lot a debt in in . great sounds that
leaving about dream just i ! dream the living are you
country another in living about lot a dream i
? yours about what guess pinkie
whats up with you today ? feeling a little down and out you ?
awe man why not ? i work for commercials
i love watching tv my dad passed when i was in high school last year .
i understand totally , i love metal music sometimes you gotta rock out
that is pretty dope ? you enjoy tv or movies ?
cool what do you like to watch ?
i like just about anything honestly
hi how are you today
what kind of office is it
is that your favorite thing
i enjoy skateboarding as well
yeah it is very fun
sometimes but i have never been
yeah i can take my skateboard
hi there i love working out its important
yes i do an i only eat healthy !
cool , i do not like any bands i am always busy with soccer .
i must always look like i am having fun on the gram
i got a scholarship for soccer too
i am 21 , i need to go workout again today .
hey there , how is it going ?
my truck is warming up , getting ready to head to work .
as long as the weather holds , i do roofing .
i played football throughout high school . being outdoors is second nature to me .
i do not care for them , i prefer the country and having a nightly beer outside .
i like rap . tupac is my dude .
never heard of him , is he country ?
hi , how are you today ?
doing great , just getting ready to cook myself a nice steak dinner
i used to play concerts , i am a guitarist , now i work online
i play the markets every now and then , but they are too fickle
yes , working from home is easy , i do not have to get out of my pjs
better than my last job , in a box making factory
i do not miss all the cardboard
good day . how are you ?
oh really ? there are some great places to participate in horseback riding there !
where there are you headed ? i have a house with an indoor rink .
that is great ! makes it easier to practice . are you professional ?
you are ? ! i am looking for an agent !
sell . or buy . i have quite a few houses , and some i just never get to .
i am an actress . a list
not to brag or anything . what sorts of homes do you work with most often ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i do because i am stuck in a wheelchair
i do not get a lot of attention though
i am sorry to hear and i really do not get much attention
i do not listen to much music
do not have a lot of time with my 2 kids
throw tomatoes at them since they are disgusting
and make them covered in red
hi how are you today ?
where do you work ? very cool
i am auditioning for a talent show but i am so nervous
do you know how to fix nerves ? i am so shy
dang it . i love to sing and i am so good but so shy
i tried to imagine them naked but i forgot my own clothes
yeah maybe someday i will get it
hi how are you doing
i am here just crushing on my co worker and not sure how to tell her
yes that is the problem i need an inhaler when talking to her
yes you got that right only flares up around her her husband body builds
yes she is but it will not stop me
she will be ok if i can ever talk without loosing my breath
i did not watch i should have though
i would imagine did you eat there
happy sunday ! how are you today ?
watching tennis on der , so happy . i would be happier playing , but this is good too .
it is intense , but fun . what do you like to do for fun ?
haha . i like laser pointers , the red dot . its my favorite color .
yeah , but burgers are my favorite .
my current obsession is hamilton the musical . seen it ?
hey , how are you doing ?
no , i do not cut my hair as it sets off my anxiety . you a hairstylist ?
no way . my husband would freak when he got from his engineering job .
i mostly stay at home and am currently chasing my two year old around . you ?
purple . nice ! ! i cannot dye my hair until after the birth of my second child .
me too . i am due in three weeks .
hi , how are you this evening ?
cute . does she have an attitude ?
that sounds like a stressful job is it on wall street ?
i prefer the sound of children laughing .
i guess that is half the battle !
easy there , robot man !
i am glad you like it
will you help me in my garden ?
vegetables mostly , some other things sometimes
do you love being outdoors ?
i am not a vegan do not judge me
building stuff , traveling , stuff like that ? ?
no , do you ? i want someone to throw money at me
okay , that would work . thank you
hi , i am max and i am an introvert . so , lets keep this short .
sounds cool . how long have you been surfing ?
wow , i am not sure i would master it just in one year .
what do you go to college for ?
you are an extrovert , then . i hate being in the spotlight .
do you prefer acting comedy or drama ?
when it comes to movies , i love fantasy . especially dragons .
hey there ! a traveler of the usa here how are you ?
i had worked at a factory making boxes , you ?
what kind of music do you like ? story so far is my fav .
i used to play guitar and travel all over .
nope , what about you ?
i could never really have a pet since i am gone a lot
i am a carnivore through and through you ?
do you like chains or mom and pop diners ?
hello how are you doing today ?
my girlfriend broke up with me says she is leaving me so not good .
well we been together two years , she keeps threatening to leave me .
i feel trapped in a relationship , i do not know what to do .
i am a guitar player in band , she says that is not a real job .
no not at all , i am professional , i make a lot .
good afternoon how are you today
i am tired too and my skunk stinks
i painted my finger nails green
clean my attic apartment and pet my skunk
awesome that sounds kinda boring
well good luck with that
i am interested in literature
italian and i love mexican food
hello there ! i just graduated from college
that is cool , i just accepted a job at this elementary school in my hometown .
yikes , life in the system eh ?
i am only 22 , so this is my first major career job !
well , teaching is basically my hobby because i enjoy working with children ! how about you ?
i have the most amazing view of the sunset from my new apartment !
i see it right over the ocean . nothing better if you ask me !
on weekdays i work at the school , but on weekends i play guitar all day !
hello . i just got back from australia . how are you ?
i also like to go to ireland . it is where my mother was from .
i am sorry to hear that . do you have fun hobbies ?
wow that sounds wonderful ! did you plant them there ?
my father liked those books too and he was a great famous author .
yes . the first grown up book series i read was the black stallion .
sounds like you are managing really well for yourself and family .
hello , how are you ? where are you from ? i am from alabama
but i hate sweet home alabama especially that new age kid rock garbage
that is sweet , i am into classic rock , personally . i heard florida is beautiful this summer !
i grew up there ; live in ny now . visited recently ; terrible , there are neo nazis everywhere !
alabama brings memories though ; as a child , i recall the easter bunny hiding behind the closet door .
my moms a checker at germans , a grocery store ; and i work as her supervisor .
you bet he scared me ! and its alright , I love being with her , but its hard .
hi how are you doing i am okay and happy .
i enjoy all animals and things my horses too .
no school i like art and drawing my associates as a pony .
i do not know i just love being strange and weird .
just joking i am 50 years old i am half of 100 .
i do not think you are strange you are cool . i do not drive .
cool i like to look at the show anime .
what is your favorite food by the way eating pork skins .
hello how are you today ?
sounds relaxing . i love jazz
ouch ! i know that had to hurt
oh wow ! sorry to hear that
are you male or female ?
lol . i am a female
i have a new car and its nice to meet you . you sing ?
honda , you drive ? if so what ?
i see . what kind of car ? i got scholarship to florida state .
cool ! i majoring in business . hope one day to get an mba . you sing ?
hmmm . some people sing in their garden . i will be 19 on tuesday .
oh , thought i had lost you . yes i did . i am an honor student . you dance ?
oh okay . i glad you have a garden to be with . i paint.
harrison hs in champagne il . you know how to make a unicorn cry ?
hello ! where are you from ?
my sister lives in burbank ! i am in nj
what do you do for a living ?
how mad would you be if the unicorn was a permanent drink ?
that starbucks drink everyone went crazy over a few months ago
do you like to gamble ?
hi how are you today ?
pretty good . tell me about yourself ?
better make sure to wash your face !
haha i bet . i wash my dolls faces often too
i sleep in my princess bed i think i am one
of course ! i am a four year old
hello i just lost all my money in the casino . i have a problem
yes and it does help . i go hiking to curb my cravings now
yes i love how green this ar myself
no i live far away . i am a telemarketer . i love the phone
i worked the service hotline at mcdonalds speaking spanish
you seem very good with people . i bet you do a good job at work
yes tell me about it . i spent my whole paycheck playing poker and lost
hey how are you today
i am doing good . i am cooking some greek food today
that sounds good . i am greek and indian so i eat weird things to most people
no i like to hike too sometimes .
no i do not like biking . but if you have fun with it that is great
i just cook its my favorite thing to do . i even do it for a living
i work at an india restaurant .
you should try it the food is very spicy but some is not
hi , i am jenny , i like collecting stuff .
that is nice . how many kids do you have ?
i want to have 2 girls some time , too . how old ?
almost all grown up . do you miss working ?
i would be scared to try . i like going to antique stores .
do you have a team or is it just you ?
good . what else do you enjoy ?
hello ! how are you today ?
i could be better , i had to wash dishes !
i am planning on sitting on my couch and doing nothing
really just watching t . v . and playing with my puppy
i love american horror story
i love in new mexico , what about you ?
portland arizona ? never heard of it
ohhhh okay that makes more sense
hi , what do you do for fun ?
cool , i really like painting with acrylics . i am in art school at the moment
oh cool i do not know a lot about marketing
that is awesome . man i really wanna dye my hair blue blonde is boring
yea lots of people in art school have funky hair
more people should do it , it looks cool
hello ! care to chat with a grandmother ?
good . just feel too old to be 44 . how about you ?
its been pleasant did not have to drive that hour to and from work .
a cookout and making a choice between cheesy hot dog or chili corn dog .
not really . raising my grandchild and everything . how about you ?
that sounds nice . i just like night over days but love sunshine . weird right ?
figures . i mean i still am in love with dragons . wish they were real
bonjour ! how are you today ?
parlez vous franais mon nouvel ami ?
i have never actually been how is it ?
haha sounds blissful . i hear the pasta is fantastic too !
that is what my mom would tell me too
oh . yeah . i never met mine but he was military too .
its all good . i get all the love i need from work . haha
hi how are you today
i do not really like music . sports ?
do you own a car ?
are you very tall then ?
nope . i am a big tall giant
over 7 ft tall i am gentle though
yeah and we drive fast cars
we have to buy convertible tops obviously
care to chat with a diabetic ?
i have to stick myself with needles to check blood sugar daily .
it is . i should be riding my bicycle for exercise but i hate it .
do you have any pets at home ? i have 3 dogs .
lol . instruments ? drums are what i am very good at .
what is a sock instrument ?
oh cool , what do you study ?
hi how are you doing
that sounds crazy . why did you do that ?
i like to eat not exercise but i should
i need to . i work in the health field .
how did you get wealthy
that sounds fun . how is the alps ?
i am not . i work in health care .
you really must like money .
hello there ! how are you ?
california is a good place for love
nah i got terrible credit . sorry
man i hate those clowns . always making balloon animals
i love to fight . fighting is my favorite
well i hope you like rap music
do like the lion king ?
can you feel the love tonight ?
my name is mary , i wore glasses as a kid .
i had really bad eye sight .
a lot better . my fave color is green like my eyes . my mom works as a librarian .
i am looking to work in publishing .
well more like novel books or even autobiographies .
a lot blogs online .
a lot of it is food blogs that i have tried over time .
it is more like cuisines i have tried from different places .
how are you doing today ?
i am doing good . just thinking of new products to add to my online shop
i make all sorts of clothes as well as purses , jewelry , backpacks , bed spreads
i am just trying to see what i want to add next to the shop . yes
yes i make clothes for pets .
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 is the link to my shop and yes they are
no i been designing since i was a teenager, but I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design.
thank you so much i really appreciate it
i am just so sensitive . . . and i thought girls liked that !
okay , so i joined a band . i am the drummer . but none of the girls like me .
what if they find out i still live at home ?
are you a girl who is in her mid twenties ?
wow . i am so impressed . you seem like an interesting person .
i like driving around in my ford mustang . . . i like making new friends .
i eat everything . . . interested in grabbing a bite to eat ?
hello , how are you this evening ?
good . what do you do for a living ? i am a football player for the eagles .
what is your home town ? i am a quarterback for the team .
music is good . i just started quarterbacking last season .
i have been in the league two years . what do you do for work ?
what do you do for work ?
hi how are you doing tonight
yeah i like dogs i had a couple growing up .
yeah i do not have any now . what do you do for a living
that is not cool maybe keep them outside when she comes
yeah some do shed a lot
i bet always bring them back a treat lol
hi
how are you ?
good what are your hobbies ?
that sounds amazing i work out a lot and worry they will chip
what kind o music do you like
metal ! it keeps me energized at the gym
i am currently engaged and am a little bit crazy with wedding planning lol
that is cool
hi . how are you doing today ?
i am a real animal lover and have several pets .
oh that is a little tough . i am in a pretty good spot and make around ask a year .
that is a great way to generate cash . i make clothes to supplement my income .
actually , i love it . it kind of goes with my lifestyle as a vegetarian .
yikes ! i also work for peta so you may not like me at all .
hi there , how are you ?
i am good , just enjoying a sewing project i am doing for a few friends .
i enjoy it . i put on some katy perry and its like therapy
i like to run with my friends sometimes . what else do you enjoy ?
i have seen it ! classic . you like to hunt ?
my husband wants to raise our kids to hunt for food too .
i have three kids , how about you ?
i got gay married last year . my husband is much older .
i just went across the street to a spanish restaurant today . love them .
i suppose i like green too , because i live mostly in the country , but was in town .
yes , i like movies too , but at theaters . i also like sex .
the last time i went to one i was the only person in there ! freaky .
it seemed nice at first , but then it was lonely . i got some pasta presently .
it is usually doable , so versatile , pesto , fettucine , ziti , etc .
no , i am not a big fan of team sports , more surfing , etc . did you ?
hello , how are you ?
okay , what do you do for a living ?
same . what do you like to do for fun ?
lol that is quite the name . what state do you live in ?
that is nice i have never been to the west coast . i live in north carolina .
its so nice to be this close to the ocean .
hi . how are you today
oh no . i would love that to be honest . i hate waking up in the morning .
how early ? my parents are so distant since i was born .
it is ok . i see a therapist about it three times a week .
really ? maybe i need to see her . mine does not understand me .
i have troubles with my emotions . i need a therapist
all of them . it is hard for me to feel naturally .
how are you doing today
what were you doing on there
that is really crazy . are they okay ?
it is good that you were
i wish I had a magic wand to fix things instantly.
do you have a magic wand
no i do not think so
hi there , how are you ?
it never feels like a day off when you live with your parents like me
i travel too often for college !
you can still talk to me on i message ? i have got an iphone !
oh i see . cute purse , do you own it in red ? my favorite color
you sound very pretty ! what else do you like ?
wow , that is exciting . do you ever travel for that ?
do you live at school or with parents still like me ?
names jackie and i have lived a sheltered life
my parents are strict and i cannot even drive and 17 years old
not really , i about to raise hell and rebel to get my way .
i am in some ways but music is strict in this house .
i attend st . joseph catholic high school in new england .
yeah it is . it is nice but small .
i will be graduating next year .
hey ! what are you up to ?
music lessons , by any chance ? i am a vocalist in chorus
wow ! amazing ! when i am not singing , i do karate currently a brown belt
i stay with my pappy and grandma , so whatever they want to hear !
me and grandma listen to classical a lot when i help her making jewelry !
we have to have something to do when paps goes searching for mushrooms !
hallo , i am nariko . from tokyo . sorry english not very good .
it is good . i just move from tokyo to la . how you ?
really ? i want to be famous actor !
so what you do now ?
what is home economics ? like money or something ?
oh ok ! make sense to me !
that very impressive . i not only act but dance and sing . do you ?
i do . weather very nice !
hi , do you want to go surfing with me ?
i like surfing , but i would rather be in the snow .
i work in a hotel .
that is cool i guess .
i am so tall , 5 foot 8
i know . i want to be like robert deniro
i think that sounds good .
no i am saving my money for school .
i do not shop much . i only wear boots . matches all my leather .
i am from the midwest . it was boring . people did not appreciate my black spiky hair .
i rewire guitars . i like to play them then . what do you do ?
sounds like a good age . you go out at night ?
i will bet you are good . what do you like best about teaching ?
i would be afraid to teach teenagers . they know too much . have you done that ?
hello , how are you today
you are welcome , its beautiful out this morning , great for working out , wo not get to over heated
i have to keep up with my dog , pretty sure he lifts my weights
oh yeah , what do you do ?
well that is right up there with ma now a days lol
what grade do you teach ?
hello , how are you this evening ?
nice ! i love plants . i just bought a water hyacinth yesterday .
i spend a lot of time with older guys because i volunteer at a nursing home
i do . do you do any volunteer work in your community ?
you should look into that ! maybe art therapy ?
i love music . i recently saw est and it was awesome !
do you have any genre s that you particularly like ?
hey hows it going ? all good ?
i am good . but shy . not the best, I wish I could overcome my shyness to socialize more freely.
no . but i have not tried alcohol
oh no . i have a dog . you cannot visit me then
nothing much . mostly milk and bread
that is good . its more healthy
yea i do . but not that many
wow . that is quite fun
hi how are you today ?
watching television with my cats .
i have 3 and they are all named mike . what story ?
oh that sounds interesting . i like to swim with my cats .
maybe . so what is your favorite food ? tacos are mine .
wow , are you famous ? i am just a secretary .
cool . my face is turning orange . just like my favorite color .
hi , how are you tonight ?
nice . i love traveling , i have been to seven european countries .
i work at a brewery as a financial analyst . i have tried 35 beers so far
nah , i do not take my work home . i have been married six years , i am happy .
nice , i like all kinds of music . what is your job ?
that is interesting , sounds like a good job .
hi names rach , and i watch anime shows a lot and like them .
pretty good . you ? i do not know how to swim can you teach me ?
haha , i had to work early as a kid
yeah how do you like it ?
my mom passed in 1979 and it was me and my dad ever since
no i do not , do you eat meat . i am a carnivore . .
what are you writing about exactly ?
carnivores mean being a meat eater
hi there . how are you ?
oh . i just got back from la last week .
oh , i have been to tokyo once .
my parents take me all over the world with them .
do you like comic books ? i do !
superman is my favorite hero .
when i grow up i want to be a superhero .
that would be so cool . maybe one day .
i do surveys for extra money .
no one knows i do them .
its my secret vacation fund
hawaii so i can surf .
i surf all i can . do you ?
one thing about surfing i cant listen to my favorite band , muggers .
analyzing dreams . i have some really strange ones .
i do not think it means your going to die .
hi how are you today ?
i am good do you have kids ?
i have one child only
do you ever just run ?
i do over 2 miles a day, I wish I could take up running like you, but I prefer hiking in the mountains.
i do not but i have done 3 triathlons
hey whats up . how are you ?
i am well . just gearing up . how about yourself ?
i am about to go fishing . i like to fish . any hobbies ?
yeah . fresh water . salt water . does not matter . its sunny and 75 over here
baklava ! i love baklava ! and gyros !
my mother is from alabama . she is country as hell .
shoot i aint never been but i am sure we would get along just fine
hi ! i learned to enjoy reading growing up on my farm in kentucky .
i enjoy spending time in my personal garden .
all sorts of fruits and vegetables . its fun to make my own food .
they definitely do . i would love to have more space for it though .
oh really ? i keep thinking about trying to start a business with it .
i have heard of that . it would be really fun .
the sky is so pretty today . i love the color blue .
ah ! are you hungry ? i work for pizza hut .
i just work for fun . my mortgage is paid in full .
i could paint you a picture . save you money on decorating .
yes . i will drive my four wheeler out back and paint .
thanks . i can draw the forest too .
thanks . i was trying not to ask you too many questions .
i think so too .
care to chat with a youtube that makes videos about makeup ?
great ! always happy to help . do you have any pets ?
long days huh ? i have a cat leela .
do your parents work ? my dad flies airplanes . my mom died years ago .
lots of cheaper groceries for your family then
we get free flights .
all over . mexico was my favorite have you ?
hello , what do you do for fun ?
i am too busy with work . i am a diner chef, and run my cupcake store.
too busy I never make it anywhere on time . what kind of voices ?
maybe you are hearing me when I sing opera in the shower . do the voices sing ?
i usually only hear screaming voices in my head while I am trying to fall asleep .
what do they and you argue about ? i often argue about the best cupcake flavors .
well , if it is ever about cupcakes , diner food , or shower songs , drop me a line .
mystery cakes and meat , and even meat cakes are really the best , i agree .
hi there . how are you ?
cool . i cannot walk . i am disabled from a car accident that my friend bought .
reading , movies , and eating . i am on a gluten-free diet . i do not eat bread .
very cool . i think i might come down with something . have to take vitamin c .
what do you like knitting and crocheting sweaters , scarf ?
www , that is really cool . i always wanted to learn .
i do want to knit myself a cute beanie . fall is coming soon .
i cannot wait . i love fall . the air is crisp and cool weather .
hi ! how are you today ?
no , i wish ! that would be cool . do you live there ?
oh , okay ! what do you do for a living ?
lucky ! i work at a diner and i own a cupcake business .
i have red velvet , carrot , all kinds . i do like boats .
do you like to sing ?
oh . i like to in the shower .
no ! i want to visit someday !
hi how are you doing today
is it repeats the store here in san francisco
i am addicted to beer and he gives me like a bee
i keep blaming other people around you going to answer my phone
that is really awesome what else do you like doing
wow are you into singing to
must be an artist thing do you want to show it in a crowd
do you think they have lucky you
hi how is ur weekend going
what happend . . where are you now ?
sorry . . but why ? its a good place right ?
interesting . . tell more about that . .
is everything fine now ? or any issues ?
lol . . that is the worst part . .
that is funny dude . . do not be mindless
hi i am jane how are you
i just left my brothers hockey game
barely it went into over time i did not do the after party
yes i am not big on sweets but i have 3 dogs
aww that is fun too . . i am on this new diet i learned at the gym
the gym has this new kale chia mix drink thing
being the only small white girl they think i need to bulk up
yeah and i did the under dye thing too
hi there , i finally managed to land my dream job
i am now a ferrari sales man , use to work at a ford dealership before
i like pasta , pizza . infact anything that has meat on it
i am an armature painter myself , what better place to paint then in italy ?
my wife is a history teacher , she told me all about Italy and Rome and their culture
i have a son , plays football for his college . yourself ?
you will not know what you are missing out on unless you try it .
how are you doing today ?
i am packing getting ready for work tomorrow
i am a pilot . i love it
what is your favorite food ?
what flavor ? i love pastries
i met my wife at a concert it was spontaneous
what is the name of the convention ?
hi how are you doing
i am good busy at medical school
yeah i have wanted it my whole life
that sounds like an exiting sport
wow you sound like a healthy person
yum do you like sweets as well my moms a great baker. If I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to have dessert every day.
i totally get you do you like movies
that is a great one old movies are the best
hello , how are you ? i am looking into going to foreign countries .
i understand that . do you have any siblings ? i do not .
that is cool . i really enjoy dancing .
i actually like salsa dancing .
i do not have enough will power to go vegan . i like dying my hair blonde.
i do not see it either.
not all , but this one does not.
i probably am . haha . i am working on the willpower thing , though.
good morning , i hope you are having a great day so far
just getting started really . i am not much of a morning person so coffee coffee coffee
oh sweet what did you get ?
all my people are gamers so i hear a lot about them even though i do not play
i resell jewelry . i just got back from a show where i got new hoop earrings .
is that a stressful job ?
hello how is your weekend going ?
its going well . started watching the new defenders show .
i only saw the first one but its good so far . seen any good shows ?
that sounds like a nice , relaxing way to spend time . do you like ebooks or hardback ?
i love to read , but i stick to ebooks . easier to carry around .
nope , i graduated a while ago . what about you ?
one year left though . that is not too bad . are you going to go to college ?
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
i like to paint when i am not working
i am an accountant . what do you do ?
that is great . you save lives ! what kind of medicine do you practice ?
my family is Italian so i cook a lot but i hate to clean up
yes , i was born in America but hope to visit Italy soon . do you travel ?
hello , tell me about yourself .
what are you up to ? i am watching the walking dead . i love that show .
that sounds fun ! i am preparing a vegan avocado and pineapple salad .
cool ! does your husband like to read ? i love to .
that is so cool ! i love reading , especially the game of thrones !
really ? do they enjoy harry potter books , because they are my favorite ?
they are excellent ! i prefer the books , but i grew up with the movies !
sure thing , i agree ! have a good one !
hello i just came back from trying to get on hells kitchen
you seem talented . i am a master chef
i love clothes . cooking is my passions but i love clothes as well
expansion is good . i want to be a chef for gordan ramsey but i did not pass
you will keep up the good work
wow do you have plus size for women ?
wow i love your style
hi how are you doing
that is funny are you into sports ?
that is cool i really like to run outside
yeah that can be an issue . do you like movies ?
i really like watching foreign films
do not have a specific fave but i try and watch all the award winners
almost Christmas ! do you have a big family ?
my friend lives in Maine . i have five other siblings .
i love going to the beach and i read everything i can get my hands on .
i am a writer . i went to school forever to get my masters in writing .
wow ! so you live in a big city ?
i live in Seattle . it is not very big all things considered . is it cold ?
i would love to hike and find a nice height to read a good book .
hello , good afternoon . how are you ?
i am ok . thank you for asking .
i live in alabama , what about you ?
i see , i heard it is nice there .
so are they friendly or not so much ?
that is too bad ! people are pretty friendly here .
a little bit , not too bad thank goodness .
i do enjoy music , i am a film maker . i use a lot of music .
hello , how are you ? please tell me something interesting
what do you do ? i yearn to live in iceland
no it is just an obsession . i like cold winters . so cpa ?
hey do you like music ? i enjoy bizarre music
strange and weird music that no one else knows
what do you do for work
oh yeah i am sorry , i do nothing , i am trying to learn cursive
hello , can you tell me a little about yourself ?
i work at a fast food place so i get kind of tired of cooking !
that sounds fun . i am looking for a new krak maga class to join .
its a good way to relieve stress i think .
what is a show cat ?
wow , my sister in law loves maine coons .
they are very big as well . do you have a favorite color ?
hello , how are you today ?
i am doing fine . what is your favorite type of music genre ?
actually , that is my favorite type too . how funny !
i prefer to cook food with the food that i grow in my garden .
i think so too . i also like to go on vacations whenever i can .
i usually try to drive or take a train .
i do not . how about you ?
i have a mid size sedan .
hello how are you today ?
i am well thanks any hobby ?
same ! love video games omg
oh really ? did you tell them yet
really ? i have the sugar real bad , diabetes .
yep the works ! its terrible lol
corrals no i did not hear about that , do you like rock ?
megadeath what about your self ?
hello ! know anyone who needs some housecleaning work ? i do it p t .
my dad was a police officer , so i like any kind of take out food !
i had sushi before i bowled my first perfect bowling game . a good luck food !
i saw a social worker after i was a hostage in a gas station robbery .
cool . why do you want to whoops , social science . why social science ?
my dad , being a retired police officer , helped me to know what to do .
i do some housework for extra now , and while in college . know anyone ? ha ha
we can get to know each other bowling , and you can give me info !
hi ! do you have any pets ? i love animals .
i feel you , i love working on bikes and cars , but own a ton of shoes .
i do like the smell of leather .
i am not so much into that , but i like skating . do you like to skate ?
have you ever made shoes before ? i have thirty pairs .
i try , i am pretty particular about my shoes .
i am having a great day today
i love to take walks
do you like to knit and crochet ?
do you listen to any music from time to time ?
jazz would be nice , could be good to listen to while you're baking .
yes . anything chocolate is good . do you like going places to get recipes ?
that is good that you use family recipes .
hi ! how are you doing ?
doing fine , struggling a little as a college student and a mom
yeah , i am also working full time . i make only 2 . 15 an hour
i have not actually . i am hoping to become a doctor one day after college
that sounds cool . maybe i will try hunting , if I could go back in time, I would choose a career related to interior design.
yeah . what do you like to hunt the most ?
that sounds both scary and fun
in my lifetime i have had 2 harsh smashes o
i am at school now getting my degree
well i prefer to play games and breath fresh air , so maybe that
awesome ! , for continued living i only need food and water !
in my spare time i like watching televsion !
the bees rules , in my life i have been in car crashes twice
only water and food are required to sustain life !
playing sports and also fresh air is what i like !
hello , nice to meet you .
oh no i do not really like animals .
i see plenty of animals at my job .
i live on a farm for mostly pigs . its a hard but rewarding job . I wish I could have a farm like yours instead of living in the city.
that sounds like a nice life ! animals as pets just is not my thing
mostly tend to the farm . i have bad allergies so not much outside .
i do like music . not a big fan of country but i can respect it .
i like alternative and jazz music . do you like jazz ?
hey , my name is kirk . whats yours ?
history is ok , motorcycles are where its at sarah . i am in a club .
that is what a grown woman like me likes . motorcycles and tattoos
i am technical with my fighting moves . i have never lost . you ever fought before ?
bet your mother has never been on a highway going 208 mph . have you ?
what else do you like ?
jim bean or in the arm ? i prefer jack . . . .
you are starting to sound like a woman that is grown , like me , now . go sarah !
hello ! how are you today ?
that sounds like fun ! i wish i had a dog to go run with me .
that sounds like fun . do you ride your bike often ?
i am enjoying the cooler weather . i might cook some lasagna for dinner .
i will happily send you some ! i love cooking .
i like to eat out sometimes . what do you do for fun ?
being fit is important . i sing a lot while i cook and run .
i have a full-time job in data processing.
pretty much interesting but i like music to get my creative juices going.
well, that would put a dent in the latest rap music which I like so much.
cool . I also like to eat a lot of meat as well while listening.
you have saved a lot of money by not driving. ll
mine is 62 because that was the age I retired at.
at first not so much because I missed the action . but now, it's ok.
hi there !
i am great ! how are you doing ?
i know how that goes !
i run an organic farm. If I could do it all over again, I would focus on sustainable farming practices.
just one
naw . its just my family farm . i do not need more than one . lol
i do not need all that . i am happy with what I have.
good afternoon how are you today
i am great i like to fish
i love the beach and i have three sons
they are easier than my two daughters
i go to college to be a lawyer like my mom
it is very hard and requires a lot of studying
that is awesome i do not like cats
i love my dog his name is bentley
sup bro ? feel like jammin this evening ?
yeah dude , do not mean ta toot my own horn but i am a wicked guitar player !
ugh . . well . . kind in between jobs right now , just working out of my parents garage , you ?
well , my girlfriend tells me she is going to leave pretty much every day , call me maybe ?
that is alright i love the kiddos
i create albums and cds . just got signed by a record label
good afternoon , how is your day ?
france must be beautiful this time of year .
my violin was made in france and i have used it since before kindergarten .
you at university ? mom graduated in medicine .
discover i like curry in my foods .
and do you like pets ?
going to get a rescue puppy soon .
you really love to draw all kinds of things .
hello ! how are you doing ?
i am up trying to make money . i own a small business
i own a consulting firm on sports information
sorry to hear that about your dad . yeah my clients are like gamblers . . .
yeah i help my clients win lots of money like on the kentucky derby
wow ! can i make money off of the easter bunny ?
thanks that is a great idea ! hope you get sleepy soon
same . next time you see the easter bunny , ask how to make money off the golden eggs
hey how are you doing today ?
well . i had a test today and i just got out of class .
i sure hope so . i want to be a dr .
my father is actually dr . pepper .
yes , i also like to restore cars i should make it the dr . pepper car .
yes , i am getting hungry now .
what are we going to cook ?
i recently got married and i have five children
that is cool , i hope you are enjoying it , i play violin in my spare time
which is music ! i like the Beatles as well , i work as a nurse in my spare time
i hate vegetables ! i do like being healthy as i often visit various national parks
that is adorable , i do enjoy time with my family , blessed it is
that is unfortunate , maybe try speaking to another family member about your issues
i see , well in that case wish for the best and be nice to them
oh well that is bad
hey , how is it going ?
pretty fabulous . just got done touching up my makeup
i work for fun , in marketing .
oh , are you married ? ? i was hoping you were single .
i am real real real disappointed .
so ? i am out for marriage . that is my goal
is it not both the same ? i do not really know
how are you doing tonight ?
our dog is sick right now .
fifi has an enlarged heart . she is old .
the vet says she may not make it until the end of the year .
she has been a wonderful dog but no more !
my daughter is going to school to be a vet . we love animals .
well , i hope so too . lol . . . she is a great kid .
i do not drink either .
i hope you and fluffy have a wonderful week !
hey , you are up late ! are you a night owl too ! ?
what ! ? so early ! i guess i will have to play the piano then
it is only 12am , for normal people late but not me
i am from brazil ! i am a dance teacher !
it is in the low 70s , perfect for my vegetarian food
yes , i only eat fresh fruit and veggies
oh no ! ! ! that makes me so sad . poor cows .
yes , we are both dancers and need to stay thin and healthy
hi how are you today ?
just relaxing . do you work ?
do you ever draw things ?
i really like food do you ?
my favorite is hard boiled eggs
i relax . can i offer you an egg in this trying time ?
hey how are you doing today
sounds comfortable i could use those at my new job
i am good i had a nice bike ride this am
lol you sound like the cats in my office i am a vet
i have been feeling slow since I started my vegan diet . do you diet ?
i am a girl and I do not do dirt j k
that is what's up . it was nice talking to you
hello friend how are you today ?
i do not listen to much music , so busy taking care of the pigs on my farm
yes ! want to move to the city and get away from the farm
its a good living . actually i really do not like animals . . lol
never been . do you enjoy that ?
ll sounds great . just got done eating a wonderful vegetarian meal yummy
i used to eat steak and enjoyed it
hi there hows it going
i was ok . had to clean a lot so that was not fun . you ?
what kind of dance ?
wow that is quite a combo . i have 2 kids that like to robot
that is cool . describe yourself . i have dark and curly hair
cool so is my husband he is a pastor . what do you like to d
what is your favorite
hello there , how are you ?
real nice . i saw the sunset on my walk tonight . beautiful
no , not quite . i live in the city . are you a poet ?
really ? i am not quite a grand master at chess , but i am quite good
not right now , but i would love to sometime ! i love meeting fellow chess players
okay sounds good , chess pal you got a good internet connection ?
hi ! i am obsessed with the brand ford
it is not too bad ! i own a black f150
cool ! what do you play ?
very nice ! i am looking to buy a ford car
i am a teacher at a high school
cool ! what do you do for fun ?
i go check out ford automobiles
hi ! just got done cooking a mexican meal and its so good
what is happening to your sister ?
how scary . being a nurse i have seen people who have come out of the cult
oh dear . that is some heavy duty stuff
communist party ? i do not agree with that type of life
ll . . . i would rather read a good book and listen to the rolling stones
glad to hear . as a mother of boys i do not want that to happen to them
hi . i am a sheep in wolfs clothing
no no never never neve
i do not like apple skin
yes ! and meat is so gross
go ahead , i am really lovely
sure . i love monkeys and skin
tights with peanut butter peas
i wish , oh boy do i, if only I had more time to climb, my dog loves it too.
hello , i work in the gaming industry . what do you do ?
awesome . i have designed over 65 games and i am trying to start my own company
that is cool . my wife recently got laid off and is looking to go into nursing .
haha . i will have to send you one of my one player games .
i am from california . what about you ?
nice . do you live in the city ?
i have been a few times to watch the us open .
hi how are you today ?
i am well . do you play an instrument ?
i enjoy playing on my piano
i want to be a music teacher when i retire
forever it feels like you know
what do you do for work ?
how are you doing today ?
oh , i am alright . just finishing up this cabinet i have been working on .
cool . i had a heck of an experience at ikea last week .
bad . a big robbery happened while i was in the store .
i was actually briefly a hostage . crazy day .
no , i am brunette . they let me go pretty quick after i told them about my dad .
retired cop , actually . told them that it would be unhealthy to rough up a cops son .
fair enough . i have got bowling later i will see hitting 300 again .
hi, how are you today?
do you ever see any ghosts?
do you listen to 80s music?
everyone hates elevator music yo.
i do not, I wanted to be an architect.
what's your favorite color eh?
hi ! are you free to meet up watch anime with me this weekend ?
www , c amon . you wo not have any freetime afterwards ?
everybody knows your a vegan . . . because you tell everyone !
haha . you are . . . just stinky . what else do you do for fun ?
that is cool ! do you know any other languages ? i am learning japanese .
will you leave it alone ? i cannot give up seafood !
shrugs i am lactose intolerant anyways . i can deal .
hi there , how are you
good . just got in from work . i am a receptionist at the doctors office
i am sorry , i did not get your name . i am mary
thank you . you in school , ryan ?
yes , full time studying radiology on top of my office job . very busy
yes , i spend my weekends studying and looking over client files .
i wish i could do more than all the paperwork and incoming calls at work
how is it goin for you today ?
i just got a eagle pup .
my robot is pretty fond of them as well
oh yeah i pulled through ok
hey no cheating ! five or more words !
well its all good and everything !
good god ! my boyfriend is in the army !
good evening . my name is jake .
i just finished my studying . i attend boston university .
i love to watch the flintstones . kind of my passion .
my mom will make the coffee . yes i am still at home .
well , to each his own .
i saw a metal band morbid angel last year .
you drink and smoke quite a bit . not good for you .
do you work ? my dad passed so my mom works very hard cleaning hallways .
hi , how are you tonight ?
are you at work right now ?
hanging out with my 3 roommates
gummy bears and pizza are mine
that is not much of a meal lol
i am a college student , i work part time on campus . you ?
that is pretty cool . so do you have any pets ?
that must be hectic all i have is a parakeet named andy
hi my name is george
when i turned 18 my family moved across the country . where do you live ?
no i am only 19 so i am single . i like to go to concerts . especially rock .
yep i drive . i go out with my friends all the time .
its an old dodge . i park it at the farm i grew up on .
nice ! i am going out for breakfast this weekend for eggs and bacon .
we had pigs on our farm . i have to go now . bye !
hey how is it going ?
i do not have any kids , but i love to relax and read
i left 2006 , but i landed a job at a magazine company
i read and i am an editor for my magazine company
no , i do not teach , but i like to workout on my spare time
that is nice ! , i also like to play games
no i am here , my favorite game is halo
no i do not sing, I wish I could play the guitar like my son.
hello ! how is your day going ?
just got done with my part-time job at the gas station .
football ! i saw peyton manning at the grocery store once !
what do you do for fun then ?
sounds interesting . i like to travel .
congrats on the house ! i travel mostly for my other job .
sounds crazy , but i sell encyclopedias ! it is an amazing job !
yup . i travel a lot for it , and hope to be world-renowned one day .
hi i am john . what is your name ?
i do not have many friends because i am such an angry person .
when i am angry i like going to bars and watch people .
i am usually alone because i do not like my family .
i listen to it when i drive my jag .
what color do you like ? its green .
well you know what they say
museums are more enjoyable since i moved here to new york city .
i have a few nieces and nephews your age . i am older so i am married .
i do not have kids but my brothers and sisters do . oh they have a lot .
that is ten boys and ten girls i have to buy gifts for during the holidays .
yeah but my new job as a writer pays pretty good i must admit .
luckily i work at home . commuting here in new york city is a recipe for heart attack .
do you like museums ? i recently discovered how cool they are .
i like to write about things that most people today forgot about like museums .
hello how are you doing ?
doing well , i went out skydiving today . i go every weekend .
oh wow i am sorry . i also have health issues . low platelets , i need to be on medicine .
yes i am . i used to be a great athlete , i was an olympic medalist .
amazing . i once saw queens of the stone age in hollywood i like them .
that is amazing i would love to meet will ferrell . he must be cool .
hi how are you doing ? what kind of music do you like ?
i am very healthy i live in a farm , what is wrong with your health ?
yeah , your lifestyle does not sound very healthy have you thought of changing it
you might be stubborn but it is up to you to change , i did that
yea , i like cars but i needed a truck for the farm , so i changed
we make fresh sausage here , would you like to come and taste it ?
no sodas , fresh milk , fresh lemon juice and good rap music
good evening ! how are you ?
nice ! how are you recovering ?
i was just playing nintendo . and my dog is here with me .
a husky . i live up in alaska . you ?
where about do you live ?
nice ! do you like eminem ?
i do not get to see much music up here in alaska .
how is your day going ? i just ate mcdonalds . i love it
my parents both teach but i do not . i just like to watch nascar . you ?
that sounds like a good job . yes , nascar on sundays . you ?
i like dana patrick . who is your favorite baseball player ?
cool ! maybe i will watch more sports once i own a house on the beach
the beach life seems pretty great from my experience .
pizza and baseball is my life .
where do you work ?
hi , how are you today ?
oh no , my mother always said college was not everything
that does sound rough , its coming up to my mothers anniversary of her passing
she had an accident with water so i have never learned to swim
that is not a bad thing ! do you like watching tv ?
i am really into anime !
i think that is nice ! do you like cooking ?
hey , i guess i will get use to this being in bed , ugh .
i been really sick going on bed rest for 5 months .
hobbies ? i do not have time i have 3 kids lol
cool , take pictures of the world send them too me lol
ll really how ? i do not have much i am 26 ha
that is cool , i think lol i need a few candles i throw up daily in am
my name is marie and i will graduate in may with a degree in education .
nonproblem i want to teach kindergarten soon but in the meantime i visit museums
i want to teach kindergarten soon i go to usc
yes but usually too busy . i eat vegan on the weekends and meat through the week .
love college football that is about it
i am a big orange fan
cool ! do you like to celebrate the holidays ?
oh yes anxiety is a terrible condition . i hope you learn to deal with it soon ,
hi there , my name is dustin , how are you ?
i am wonderful . do you have any pets ?
i do ! two weimaraners ash , and pace
well i hope he got into that hobby after you grew up and left lol
nurses are wonderful people .
what floor do you specialize in ?
that is such a wonderful thing you do !
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
no i am not . are you ?
i used to as well
how many do you have ?
wow that is a lot , i have 2
hi how are you doing
its good just finished riding my horses
that is cool farm life is nice
that is nice of you to help them
i am retired i bounce back and forth between my vacation homes now
what do you do for a living
cool that must have been exciting
that is true i am not brave enough for that
good morning , how are you ? i came back for a 2 mile hike and i feel great .
i wish i had time for zumba . i work three jobs .
been my life for five years now . i am a single mother .
i go to the movies every chance i get . plus , i am saving for a mustang .
too funny , a kid in my sons class called them a dodge mustang .
no , lol he is sixteen . cars and box are his thing
hi how are you today ?
no i do not . you like him ?
wow ! i am only ten so my mom and dad do not like him
no we have a dog and a cat they are my friends
i like to eat too
i want to learn to cook my mom is too busy teaching
cool i bet you are really good
that would be awesome my friends would like it too
hello ! how are you today ?
i was catching up on my social media accounts lying next to my dog .
that is funny . at least the cat is loyal . my pets are loyal too !
not that i am aware of . i spend my time working at home
haha , i am guessing she will be single for a while
i manage social media accounts , and play computer games on my time off .
cool . i usually stay in bed . do you like it much ?
i do not like it much either .
hi how are you
i am doing okay just finished reading one of my favorite books
enders game a military sci-fi
yeah i love it , it brings back memories from the war but i still enjoy it
i tend to my garden . what do you like to do besides work out
i grow mostly tomatoes and cucumbers
i like eating just tomatoes sometimes with little salt and pepper
hello how are you today
i am doing good . just got done with band practice
i play guitar bass guitar
i have a bulldog what kind do you have
aww they both sound cute . what do you do for a living
i sell washing machines at sears
they do its what keeps them in business . i wanted to be a reporter
i might get back into trying it its been a while
hi how are you today ?
i am great thank you , what is your favorite color ?
mine too ! i wear a lot of that color . ll
i bet . i have been studying to become a doctor .
that is great . what is your favorite music genre ?
very cool ! i love van haven .
hi , lets get to know each other okay ?
wow ! i love movies , 5 kids , draw and do crafts . you married ?
john , wayne , newton , lucy and ricky are my children . you have kids ?
thought i lost you . you draw ?
hmmm . i love music period . you ?
i do a lot a of crafts . do you ?
do you have any or a pet ?
you like movies if so , fave ? if not why not ?
hello , i came to bring the pain ! !
sure walking sounds like fun
maybe , so I keep getting divorced
i should tell you i am a cop
i do own too many guns
i hear they are good for you
i think all holidays are horrible
i would like rudolph for dinner
hi ! how are you doing ?
i love lake michigan ! camp there always .
cool ! i play the saxophone in a jazz band . do you like music ?
what is your favorite food ? mine is shrimp and lobster with pasta
too spicy for my taste .
i like it because i play martial arts . just got my black belt in karate !
much easier when the weather is cool .
hi ! what kind of music do you like ?
me too but my favorite genre is classical
i do not run much but i do enjoy traveling
cool , sometimes i teach how to play string instruments when i travel too
haha , i bet they can get hyper
i never really played sports , instead i would garden and cook with the food i grow
hey , how is it going ?
wow . . . i live on pizza so no diets for me
ok . i am a college athlete . what do you do ?
are they boys or girls ? or one of each ?
nothing wrong with being a housewife
my mom was a stay at home parent
i have a dog named parsley
yes . i love all animals
hi
i am good ! what are your hobbies
i am super into reading
i am interested in a lot of books i actually went to school for writing
i do though with a family i feel like i am so busy all the time
that is true what are you into ?
that is cool i wish i had a dog
hi , how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
actually that is seems pretty interesting . i work in the hotel industry
actually that is seems pretty interesting . i work in the hotel industry
unfortunately i do not get to travel but i want to . i loved that movie
what are you buying there ? ll
oh okay . do you have any pets ?
animals are my passion , i hope to adopt some
it sucks having allergies . so what are you daydreaming about ?
hi , i am snowwhite , and i am waiting for my prince to come ! i am wishing
awe , your children and nephew and nieces must love you !
i have been outta school for a while now , doing yoga and hiking while waiting for him !
i talk to the seagulls when i go to the beach . animals just come to me !
yeah , its a gift really . uh , spaghetti . you ?
awe , i always wanted to travel the world .
hi there , how are you ?
hey me too , by they like to do things with clay , like me .
yes , they love to model , personally i would rather be climbing a mountain !
they are quite talented but i am not very artistic
good to know , i accidentally shot a wild animal once .
i was out on safari and did not pay attention to the rules !
the park ranger chased me , your suv would have be handy !
no , they stayed at home making model animals , bye for now !
married , so no funny business
when i am feeling like a loser , i usually play some taylor swift , my fav singer .
my toddler love her too . everyone should .
i have a career in beer distribution , but might quit because boss no likey the swift .
shhhh , no bad language , my toddler might hear your warranted outrage .
hmmmmm . i understand . are you a kitten ?
whhaaa . that is no good . i feels for you
agreed . and listen to the sweet swifts voice .
hi how are you today
nice can you teach me
me too i work out every day
i like to play sports yeah
they can be quite silly
nice that sounds relaxing yeah
yeah i am quite busy too
i work for ferrari yeah
hi , i am pretty sad today . will you read to me ?
my gf left me . i am sad about that . i wanted to watch tv .
thanks . i have been making a lot of good art due to my sadness, but I wish I could run marathons like you.
do you own a tv ?
can i watch it ? i do not have one .
no , sorry . i painted all over it when i was sad .
will you sell me one maybe ?
just art . can i draw you ?
good morning ! how are you doing ?
i am good , just relaxing at home with my dog and cat
that is my dream job ! all my friends keep trying to get me to go to school .
occasionally , when i am motivated enough . do you ?
awesome , it is very good for the body . takes a lot of discipline .
haha , yes . i love eating out so dieting is very hard for me when i do .
definitely ! so what do you do for work ?
me too . i am young .
i love teaching and my children . you sing or dance . nice day .
not in a band . do not ask me where i live . no new friends here .
no ! i have dogs named jerry and jean . you married ? not me .
no ! jerry has autism .
no ! jean is blind and i am nervous . you dance ?
no ! you know how to make a unicorn cry ?
no ! you tell the unicorn you eat horsemeat .
hi , want to get to know one another ?
i am tammi . i have a son that just turned 18
that is very cool . i like to help out in the world . If I could change one thing, it would be to have more time for volunteering at animal shelters.
i care deeply about animal rights
i donate a lot of my excess money to animal causes
i have a friend whose husband gets her maid service every christmas
wow . i would have liked that when my son was younger
i bet it does . i hope you appreciate how lucky you are
hello , how are you tonight ?
i live in the city , and i pay way too much in taxes .
yes , it is so . i am an investment banker , i know how much i should really pay. I wish I had pursued a career in farming instead of investment banking.
i do not . they are filthy animals .
even dogs . they are commoners . where did you go to school ?
where did you go to school ? i went to princeton .
oh . okay . that is not a very good education then .
i spent all of my time studying to get into the best business schools.
hello , how you are this evening ? hope is well .
i am first generation russian american . my mom is russian . you ?
cool . my mom taught me to cook before passing away when i was 18 .
i do like nature . i go walking with my dog on a trail after work .
i work for a theater company as a playwright . you ?
so you are a mechanic . that is cool . cars are interesting to work on .
yes , i love to read , watch movies , food blogging ; to name a few . you ?
do you like playing video games ?
i have two dogs a chihuahua and a pit bull . try to walk them 2 miles every day .
where do you work ? i have worked 3 jobs all at the same time for 5 years.
that is nice , i drive my ford mustang to work every day it is my favorite car .
that is a good car my grandma had one . i loved it .
red hair huh ? is your favorite color purple ?
ew eggplants are not very tasty . sometimes i put french fries into my frosty .
they are super good not really a shake and not really an ice cream but so good
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . what do you do for a living ?
i lead the glamorous life of a pilot .
i cant imagine ! but both my parents are in the military , i grew up around planes .
that would be exciting . my girlfriend would have to come in from salt lake city .
yes . if its okay she could bring change and boomer , our beagles .
hi , how are you doing ?
i am watching tv and grading my students' tests
i teach English . it is tedious but i love my job
yes , i have my two little babies ! ! they are corgis . i absolutely adore them
oh that is wonderful ! my son loves animals too . i should get him to volunteer
my son is autistic . it would be great for him to volunteer
oh that is amazing . i have been trying to find someone who can help him
thank you so much . that would be amazing !
hey there how are you ?
doing great so busy with all of my friends , kayaking ? more like taking to me haha
if makeup could be a meal then i would eat it , you ?
that actually sounds good ! a dash of pepper could be better .
i like to put on makeup and everything makeup as i got a great smile
running ? mall walking is funner haha
like that show family guy haha with the dog ?
oh hey there , did not see you come in .
good , sipping a heavy glass of red wine . this cost a pretty penny .
the south . my trust fund keeps me local to the family .
do you like it there ? what do you do all day ?
i have a friend in canada named dale .
i drink wine , play with my french bulldog and go swimming .
no way , i am way too selfish with my time .
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am great . just got from nyc
i hate pizza . and no i have not get a chance
i went to visit my best friend
my mother works for the school system . where did you attend ?
mom is a social worker for trenholm school .
i am a at home mom . i garden as my hobbie .
i have only one child . she is 16 .
hi there ! tell me about yourself
i get that . i enjoy long writing sessions by myself
romance , mostly . i wish it paid more , though . i do not really like working
sometimes ; i have this weird obsession with pens
that is awesome . sometimes i wonder what being an artist is like .
i totally get that . style is important .
oh really ? haha that is nuts . i could never do that
hi how are you today ?
do you use fancy lotions ?
do you like any sports ?
a cashtress nice haha that is silly
you should do yoga to relax
do you eat meat or veggies ?
you should try being a vegan its great for skin
hey , how are you ? hows your day going ?
just got of work . i work at a thrift store . ca not wait to get home
you like music ? i really like madonna and lady gaga
the only country artist i like is the dixie chicks . you like them ?
no . i am not brave enough to kill any animals .
i am not much into sports .
hi ! how are you ? do you have any pets ?
my 1 golden retriever . its a puppy !
denver , co . what about you ?
wow , very diverse . i do not go further than my couch really . sit here all day .
i like being at home with the puppy . i eat a lot and should really limit that .
sure , i would eat anything . if you think i am whining a lot , let me know .
yeah , online mostly , but since i do not work , i cannot afford much
hi there , how are you ?
why ? you want me to make you a cup of coffee . i enjoy making my own
no , i gave up meat when i moved to portland , oregon
my partner cooks steak too , we just bought a new house together
i try to stay clear of stereotypical cars being gay myself
i love rap music . who do you like ?
oh i see . so what else do you like
hey , how is it going today ?
surfing is my passion , tho not my job .
the beach helps clear my head after a long day of filming
my mom always said that . she is a smart lady . a teacher .
circus school , actually . i used to be a clown .
you could write about me and my road to stardom
reality tv is sometimes more infamous than famous
its a beautiful day today i love being outside
i am great i enjoyed a nice lunch break outside
oh that is not fun , did you have to call a locksmith
i am a janitor at a college i often find them in the garbage
i have never heard of it , what region of the world is it from ?
if it pairs well with whiskey i would love it
i am from the southern united states , however educated at oxford
how do you like sweden ?
hi . what do you do for a living .
i am not employed at the moment . outdoor man , hike a lot , enjoy nature .
tempting . i am a guys guy . would not fit in .
no idea . i only binge watch netflix . got a favorite show ?
my mother and i are close , father not so much .
not being employed has him going crazy . no family of my own so no worries .
that is really nice . i want that some day .
so do you have any pets ?
how are you doing today ?
i am great . charlie and i are just sitting here watching the wind blow .
no . i am not that close to it . are you ?
that is great . are you ready for fall ?
i like the apples and the cool air .
that is great . i also like the cooking . do you cook ?
do you mean dishes from other countries ?
i see . i like to see what they come up with on tv .
hello hope you are having a good day .
i have never kept a diary . i do not like to think about my life
you can learn to write cursive . i think i am to blame for my problems
i have a problem finding a good job . do you work ?
travel is exciting . do you have a good family ?
i do not see my family much either . iceland would be cold
i drink a lot to forget my worries
yes i like classic rock . what about you ?
hey , great volleyball game . want to go out and get a pickled egg ?
playing or watching ? i can do my nails while you play .
for how many years ? which college ?
wow . volleyball is my only sport . i want to do nails and hair .
naw , i would rather hike all day long than spend an hour in the gym .
well good luck in your game . we will do pickled eggs tomorrow .
hello . what does the universe call you to do ?
the universe will give you the answer if you listen !
i am a homesteader . i grow my own food .
no , since i have a greenhouse i sell food and other things i make at home
yes , thank you . nature will provide if you allow her .
it takes most of my time . i make other products like soap
so you are artistic . that is something you can do !
funny i just talked to someone who crocheted . a man . website ?
hi there ! ! do you like sports ?
that is a sport ! i like to talk sports
i do ! i love dogs , what about you ?
i own my own consulting business , i guess that makes me happy
he was a builder , super great guy .
we were , he was awesome , i miss him a lot
that is interesting , what do you do ?
that sounds like an awesome life . i work with gamblers all day
hello ! i am a nurse on my break . how are you ?
that sounds great . my husband and i grill for our kids . what do you do ?
it must be . i am a nurse myself . i have cared for some roofers .
good plan . although i usually relax in nature . 5 kids make a meal tricky .
www, that is so kind . i will bring my violin and play for our supper .
well , i suppose we cannot agree on everything .
no worries , we have our station wagon and we are used to road trips .
ah , there is my break over . good talking to you though .
hi how are you doing
i am good in the market for a new car any suggestions
those are cool i have an old honda
not sure yet need to go for some test drives
probably new its the one thing i splurge on
how many do you have
how are you doing today
i like to garden and stuff
my family is not as close
that would be nice . my parents are different .
why is that because of them
that would be so nice for you to be able to help
i love to spend time with animals
do you like to bowl a lot
i am such a sci fi nerd .
what else do you do ?
i am a railroad worker .
i like a lot of different kinds of food . do you like to cook ?
me neither i usually grab a bag of pretzels if i am in a hurry .
who is your favorite band ?
you can not go wrong with that !
a band called vnv nation .
i wish i would be abducted by aliens
i am just so depressed , looking at the stars helps
i try to draw lollipops or rainbows but i cant decide which .
stop telling me how to live my life
you are worse than my gay husband and our adopted children
everything i am trying to go pro but i am afraid of getting fat
i can never choose between lollipops or rainbows when it comes to pizza toppings
not as disgusting as cleaning up after my husband and children . . .
hi there hows it going
good doing research on becoming a veterinarian its my dream, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a little lamb named Mary.
really my week has not been that great either my mom made me get my braces
that is good . do you have any pets ?
well that is better than me i only have the drawings of ponies all over my binder
nope my mom is allergic to anything with hair
yes but I feel like she just does not want the responsibility
yes i agree they are very nice to have
hi
good ! what are your hobbies
i like comic books
yeah ! i work at a grocery store do you have a job outside of school ?
tacos are the best !
youre making me hungry
hello , do you like insurance salesman ?
is art a hobby ? i ride my bike for fun .
that is awesome . i want to paint my condo blue .
i read reddit all the time .
no . i want to put an advertisement in reddit .
i ride my bike and listen to music . you ?
i see , but you can ride bikes too .
on the weekend maybe 5 miles per hour
whew . it was hot driving my truck today here down south !
oh no . refrigerated box truck .
yeah . i got 3 boys so i got to slave every day .
same here . and they scream for hot wings every night , which i love but . .
just about ! luckily they like green beans and corn on the cob too
yes . i cant wait for midterms
i spend my childhood in a trailer park . i do not want the same for my kids
good morning , how are you doing ?
i doing okay just got back from the gym did a light workout
i follow the red sox they have always been my team do you like football
what do you do for a living
that is great congrats ! i use to be a scientist
it was but i hit retirement age and decided it was time to stop
yeah i hang out in bars now and find women to date
hi how are you today
do you have flowers there ?
ooh what is your favorite flower ?
mine is a regular old red rose
kiss from a rose by seal is my favorite
yeah i also like cooking
what does your mom do
mine was a school teacher
hi how are you ? read any good books lately ?
wow that is awesome , i love reading , well audio books that is haha .
true , i love books about water . like the ocean .
i have always wanted to go to japan . have you been ?
i am jealous ! my parents are from america , they are elvis fanatics .
my mom met him when i was a lot younger . your daughter has good taste .
hello , how are you doing today ?
just watching some movies on tv .
twister , its kind of an older movie . nice that sounds like fun .
definitely , i like the outdoors too . i spend a lot of time hunting .
same ! my daughters are too young to go hunting .
in between jobs right now , what do you do ?
hi how is your weekend going
are you in new york ? what do you do for a living
i was born blind so i cannot play video games i wish i could
i am a disc jockey for a country radio station
i have heard that was a good movie . what kind of music do you like
that is different . i really listen to anything but love country music more
hello . do you have any kids ?
oh wow . what are you studying ?
nice . how do you like it ? i am a teacher and i love it .
yeah . i have two . one has autism .
its a lot . i studied it and teach kids though so it helps .
i am a teacher , special ed teacher .
yeah . its taught me a lot . if you change your career path , you should look into it
hello how are you today
i am doing just great going to play soccer later with friends
great , we will probably dine out afterwards
do you work every weekend
living with my parents inspires part-time work sometimes for me
i love watching Disney movies with my kids
all of them , Disney is amazing lol
i love the ocean water as well
good morning ! finally a day off work !
i hear you . i work as a dental assistant in a ritzy area so demands are high .
wow ! that is impressive . do you like to party ?
sweet ! i am single , party hard and sometimes it does not mix well with my bed meds .
music festivals . . . go to them all the time . party ! ! ! how about you ?
ll i bet ! that is cool . who do you do best ?
that is amazing ! you are a cool mom . i like the new taylor swift song.
anyone there for a quick chat before I watch the tonight show ?
if i visualize something strongly enough i can manifest it . call me magic !
caveat . i have not been able to make out with a woman yet . but working up magic !
good idea but not sure how many of them are into making out with other females
i do not watch www . i tend to go trashy by reading tm and perez hilton
its safer to keep convos about other people on the internet vs in person !
what do you mean by a nifty screenshot ?
hi ! what are you up to ?
brainstorming ideas for new video game concepts , i am a designer . any ideas ?
ah gotcha , what kind of music do you like ?
i like breaking benjamin , rock is my favorite type .
my mom and i love going to the used book store here in town .
that is so sweet !
totally random , but what is your biggest fear ?
hi how are you doing today ?
pretty good , i need to get more pumpkins
i like eating the seeds , and carving . gotta get lots of pie pumpkins to eat
do you go to the pool or the beach
i like shrimp . i like them fried and then dip them in bbq sauce
do you watch youtube videos ?
droopy is my beagle companion . never leaves my side
i really dislike most adobe software , do you have to use any
please do not ask me where i live . hi , nice to meet you . you sing ?
no pets but a little brother . same thing . you dance . i teach and garden .
great ! me too ! i do not live in the city but i am an author . you ?
high school students are interesting . you teach ? married or children ? i have a son .
get out ! me too . i also have two daughters . we garden together . you drive ?
wow ! busy you . i write books in english . soon i will be rich .
oh okay . i wrote angel investor . fave song ?
hello from small town usa !
so what are your hobbies ? i like to shop and take rides in the country .
nice ! you sound very active .
no , i am not fond of sport , but i do enjoy the outdoors .
i like to hike in the woods , and just enjoy nature .
do you work ? i attended college to be a nurse , but i am a teacher now .
great ! you can stay in shape , stay healthy and make money !
i teach a kindergarten class . they are great kids .
there are 10 kids in my class . have a great night !
hey , whats up ? how you doing ?
you can try doing odd jobs like walking dogs .
yes . of course . i am an accountant .
learn about investing first . you play any sports ? i like tennis
same here ! what kind of music do you listen to ?
oh like coding ? html and such ?
have you seen hamilton the musical ? its my favorite . its awesome !
yeah . kinda expensive . have any tips of making a good burger ?
hey there , i just got done with school and it was such a long day
that sounds so lovely . i love concerts , though usually the symphony .
was it amazing ? that is too far for me to travel on a school teacher salary
i love teaching middle school , i just wish i made a little more money for shopping
are you in school right now ?
you will get there ! that is what i tell my 8th graders
yes , but it is worth it , i promise
hey hey , how's it going ?
pretty good , doing as much as I can for being in a wheelchair
i am the museum clerk , you ?
i am too much of a chicken to deal with anything electric .
um . . well i am in a wheelchair , lol i like rolling
that is true , I have not mustered up the guts to do that .
hi how are you today ?
pretty good what are your hobbies ?
very cool . do you bike ?
sorry to hear that were do you live
very nice . how is your eyesight ?
what color hair do you have ?
i have brown but no mustache
hi . do you like animals ? i pet sit for a living .
wow . i love having something or someone to love .
that is cool . i always wondered what having a twin would be like .
my older sister eunice and i are nothing alike at all .
no . she is thirty . her middle name is violet .
she is my older sister .
hello , where are you right now ?
i am william but my nickname is bill .
i reside close to michigan right next to grand rapids .
my three dogs are fighting with my cat .
i have a little farm with lots of cattle .
do you have any other pets .
cool so are you a vegan ?
i love to make smoothies with peaches , mangos , and orange juice
hey how is it going ?
it was great i just bough my books for my courses .
my degree in international studies
iam in good ol cleveland , how about you ?
very good , how is the weather down there
that sounds great , its cloudy here today
ahahah , sometimes it feels like it
hello ! how are you doing today ?
i can not eat that kind of food , i try to be very healthy !
it is really important for me to be healthy to keep my soccer scholarship !
do you take a lot of pictures ? i am always posting on instagram .
all my pictures show me having fun !
play soccer , i really care what people think about it .
fell up the stairs ? how did you do that ?
sounds like it , did anyone take pictures of it ?
hi i am on the swingset at the hospital visiting mom
she has c complications from surgery the doctors know me by face
i used to before my accident i did track was captain
yeah and now i eat soft food my spine got crushed
yeah it been rough since my brother passed
video games help me escape reality
ahh i miss the gym
she is reacting well but they want her here for 3 more days ugh
hi , how old is your son ?
oh , the info says you do . . . lol . are you married ?
what is your hobby ? i love reading mystery novels .
you sound smart ! i love going to the beach , do you ?
same here . i wish i had more time for the beaches . what is your favorite foods ?
i drink too much coffee , but not so much soda .
that is not that horrible . i drink 4 or 5 cups of coffee a day .
i love it . mine is boring brown , but my niece has blue and purple hair now .
just have a minute to chat until i head out to my nail hair appointment !
i have so much to do before my husband gets home from the law office .
true enough . though i do miss my old beauty pageant days from time to time .
ll . that is almost exactly what my youngest son owen said to me yesterday .
troops ! please excuse me , mam . not a cat lady i hope ! i am allergic .
oil water the two of us end up being , right ?
what kind of things did you do today ?
cool ! i wish i could eat it but i am currently dieting
i will ! but you might need to deliver since i cannot drive
i cannot say i have . do you ?
i need to do that . i need to get out of this house sometimes
so how old are you ? i am 32
that sounds lovely . i should do that with my husband
hello there ! how are you doing today ?
my children just left . i am currently in a retirement home .
try to avoid all that . i actually bake a lot . grandson loves chocolate cake
how cool ! all black hair . my grandchildren are now doing ombre hairstyles
i was an interior designer in ny . i still wish I had the courage to dye my hair blue like the jello.
i have not tried asparagus soup . that sounds amazing
so do i . i have been making a lot of tomato bisque soups .
we mostly work residential . but mainly contemporary designs .
hi there , i have to live with
i am so sorry , i am ft
i get a lot of mail
oh that is too bad , i have baby pigs
nasty ? ! they are so cute and fuzzy
oh that is very helpful
oh i am old too
32 , it's terrible . life is long
hello how are you doing this evening ?
i am doing well myself thank you .
i like outdoor activities like hiking , and being with nature .
it sounds like you are quite the busy person .
what qualities are you looking for in a partner ?
that is quite a unique requirement !
yes , i have three siblings i am close to and friends who live around the farm .
yes and they were there for me when i had to be amputated .
hi there ! do you like your palm being read ?
so is my mother ! do you work in new orleans ?
we are in new orleans and a lot of believers .
new orleans has a lot interesting people . my ex a vampire , i think .
that is the good old day . i am old and love hanging out at casino
i love shrimp and make a lot of my cloths
i love them and so does my friends
a handful that i enjoy being with . so not too many
i am packing up the suv for a trip tp the mountains .
it is , a nice break from the law office .
a lawyer which is why i earned my law degree .
three human kiddos and three dogs .
i like to hike which is why my vacation home is ideal .
what do you do for work ?
does your spouse work then ?
i am a liar . it is habitual and a flaw of character .
have you ever ridden in a race car ? i have !
what do you like to do ? i want to try parachuting one day !
i got into a friend with what the best song ever is . sometimes , i argue .
i meant previously , i got into a fight with a friend . . . i sometimes fight .
i do whatever is necessary to get my way .
sometimes . enough about me . what about you ?
hello , hows your day going ?
i am doing well ! just between classes , i teach special ed .
bubblegum ? as a nickname ? how funny ! why ?
i love psychoanalyzing people ! sounds like you would be a good subject lol
i enjoy raging metal music ll but it is a little hard to sing
probably so . my two sons might have some ideas .
yes i agree . do you wear makeup ever ?
hello there how are you today ?
i am great , about to grill up some steaks
this may sounds weird , but i have a feeling you ate asparagus recently
it is a special gift of mine , completely useless but fun nonetheless
aw that sucks . i love nuts
very cool , i would love to go back to school
i guess it is mostly a money and time issue . how long do you have left ?
hi ! do you have any kids ?
i have a daughter who just graduated from college so i feel old !
are you athletic at all ? i run every day and enjoy snowboarding too
that sounds like fun ! do you have a job ?
that s understandable . i m taking time off work soon to participate in a triathlon .
thanks . it ll be my 4th one . i hate the running but the rest is fun
hey , you excited for autumn ?
i actually prefer winter of autumn , but autumn is nice too
also means he probably gets up early . does he like early mornings ? they are my favorite
person i am sorry . do you do anything active or are you too tired fo that ?
how long have you been unemployed ? when i am not working i like to run marathons
what do you do for fun ? maybe that will help
i work at an apple farm . they are my favorite fruit
how are you doing tonight ?
good , i was working in the garden earlier
that is no fun ! who is your favorite band ? mine is Ween
do you like to look at art ?
i think some art is good , but others i do not like
what kind of games do you like
that sounds fun . i like Mario . the original N64
hello , what kind of music do you like ?
rap all the way . the real slim shady , know what i mean ?
are they big rap fans ?
that is cool . no shave november is coming up , and i got my beard ready early .
what do you do ? i drive a big rig , so no one cares how i look .
that must require some education . i just barely finished high school .
too bad . the world could use more drummers .
too bad , but chemists likely make more money , on average . right ?
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am doing very well , thanks . please tell me more about yourself .
oh , cool . yes , i do , i have a dog and two cats
yes , i love watching baseball and basketball . i do not like running though .
oh really , she must be good , how long have you played ?
oh , that is too bad . do you have any favorite colors ?
yes , i really love the color of orange !
hello , how is it going
i love to read especially romance novels
i use to be in the army
i missed my other car i drive a red prius now
i totally have freckles all over my hands and face
i do construction work now
i am like super short though
i am 4 9 i need help getting to everything
hey there how are you today ?
i am good . just finished a good medium rare steak my second wife cooked .
my dog found both my first and second . my first wife died in a car crash .
my dog found both my first and second . my first wife died in a car crash .
i like to draw and fish . they are relaxing .
i love to drink coffee too . i have five flavors in my fridge .
i am unemployed . how about you ?
that sounds like a lot of fun .
hi , how are you today ?
good . i just got finished working out .
i live to read in my spare time .
i also enjoying playing halo .
what do you do for a living ?
i edit for a local magazine .
who does not these days ?
hey what are you up to
do you work ? i currently work a mundane one , so i like to do some activist work
i like to work in my free time with my friends and family doing activist work
really i thought it was blue ? what do you like to do ?
i like reading books and novels by female authors mainly
i have no favorites , i love them all equal
good afternoon ! just listening to music today . you ?
sorry to hear that . any leads ?
that makes sense . i travel for work but it is slow now .
music entertainment on a cruise ship .
good luck ! i take photos , but with my iphone . lol
my fav filter is red colored . i use it in fall especially .
like black and white ?
i see , must have some clear film ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am good , just listening to the rain . i love rain
i have blue sheets on my single bed . its comfy to sleep in
my cats love pizza . its our favorite ! ever seen a pizza loving cat ?
i wish i had 5 . we would not all fit into my van though .
i am queen of the pizza place here !
wow . he sounds like he does well . what do you both enjoy ?
wow ! ! i only own a van . you must be rich !
hi , how are you doing ? i am dealing with ex wives today , so fun .
perhaps . want to marry one , to distract her ? we do not have kids . . .
oh ok . some people are more flexible , so i did not know . you have kids ?
lol , sounds like you have your priorities well sorted ! ride in my ferrari ?
we need not tell him . besides , he is busy fighting a fire , no ?
lol , ok i give up . my dad was famous . you might know is name .
his screen name was buck naked . he also had a part in seinfeld .
any seinfeld fan would immediately recognize the reference . anyway . . .
i am just spending time with my dog today .
mine is named socks . he is really smart and cute .
i drive a lexus and it smells just fine .
good for you i guess .
i am a woman . i do not drink .
i like the atmosphere in pubs .
yes . i go to them often to eat and people watch .
i am not very fast so you would win .
hi how are you today ?
i am it is very cold today , but i am going fishing tomorrow
i have a viking style boat that i take on the lake near by
it is very cool i made it with my brothers
we are of viking heritage , it was lot of fun
is it new or vintage
what colour did you get
i love that colour , my car is black
hi ! how is your week going so far ? done anything exciting ?
oh my gosh ! that is not good . i have not skiied but i love to bike .
good . i am athletic so i would like skiing maybe . what else do you like ?
good for you . what is your least favorite food ? mine is carrots .
red hair is cool , not like my plain brown color !
i do not like carrots or my contacts .
thanks ! it does not stand out like red hair does .
hi there . hope you are well . what are your hobbies ?
i love comics , i like to edit videos of comic con events . do you have any pets ?
fish are cool ! i have a cat , hopefully when i move soon , i will get more .
hope so too ! do you live with family ?
i do , my dad and brother . do you enjoy being around people ?
me too . i suffer with anxiety and depression so i stay home a lot .
i think so too . i also work at home . i enjoy the quiet . do you like sports ?
hello how are you today
video games are fun ! especially on the weekends
i am a college student in michigan i want to be in a broadway musical, if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to learn dancing and perform on Broadway.
i do like cake . i really like coffee cake . i work at starbucks part time
i have never had one of those before
yes i have both red and black
oh that does not sound good at all . what shows do you like to watch
i love dancing with the stars . anything with dancing and broadway tunes
hello how are you today
what movie ? listening to folk music
cool , what did you do in your spare time
i run and try do physical activities since i serve in the navy
7 years to be exact it has been a great and challenging experience
there is other ways to serve by helping someone less fortunate than you
that is great to hear there is so much we can do on our own soil
what is your favorite rock band
hello , how are you doing today ?
my name is anna and i have a dog . do you ?
i like to help people , especially my neighbors in my busy community .
sounds yummy ! i love cake but get it from a farmers market stand .
no , i do not . my grandchildren do , though .
i love to go for walks with them and my dog .
i like to kayak at the waterfront .
hi ! how are you doing ?
is it my coffee at starbucks ? because i love it !
sounds amazing . i will trade you a rose from my beautiful garden for a slice
i think even my cat pickles would want a slice of your cake
it is ! even my parents should try it . random fact , they actually met at woodstock
aw that is nice . i am not in a relationship right now , in college i just focused on swimming
just me and my cat here ! no i have not been surfing , have you ?
cool thanks ! i would teach you swimming but you already know how haha
hi there how are you ?
watching football , i love it .
my friends do so at least i am not alone .
no , i just live and breathe football , it is all i know .
yeah , i guess . what do you do for fun ?
i am sure i enjoy it as much as you enjoy painting .
i love waffles , they are the best .
hello , how is your day ?
oh that is wonderful ! me and my family just came back from a camping trip yesterday .
that sounds so lovely . i have two beautiful boys who love the outdoors .
yes , i am a journalist .
oh that is very unique . what types of things do you refurbish ?
ah , what do you do for fun ?
hi ! swift or katy perry ?
well , that is an excellent choice ! what kind of car do you drive ?
ford taurus . its a nice car . what do you do ?
sorry to hear that ! i am in retail .
san fran , ca . what about you ?
what do you like to do for fun ? any hobbies ?
hello hows your day going ?
so great i just graduated
business management i just finished
no i am playing basketball overseas for now
yes it should not be hard
that is great i recently got knee surgery
hey whats up ? how are you ?
your wife makes a good pasta ? making me hungry
i am about to crack open a cold one and work on my truck . you drive ?
yeah we will get up later on i have to get my pregame on . where ya at ?
i do too ! i used to anyway . paint houses i mean
yeah but sometimes people do not appreciate the work you do . personal opinion
i am all about my truck . its all i do . kind of boring . you ?
you have a wife ? is she hot ?
hi ! my names tom , whats yours ?
haha i am from east asia but i love italian food
that sounds yummy ! pizzas my favorite too
try all the food ! i would , but i actually have to watch what i eat
cool i would like to visit there sometime
does your dog like pizza too ?
sorry i meant your sisters dog ! that would be great to try healthy pizza
no i am not . but if i do i would get married in italy
hi how are you doing ?
i am a youtube beauty guru
so do you go to school ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
what did she do there ?
hi . do you like photography at all its one of my hobbies !
that is good . i like to spend a lot of money on my hobbies .
that is different . what do you do for work ?
do you wake up early ? i hate waking up early !
does it rain alot where you live . i like listening to rain .
i like the smell of candles in the house . i use them often instead of lights .
yes , i get nervous about that as well . they all go out overnight though !
hello . i made pancakes for breakfast , what are you having ?
i love dried fruit , i take it hiking with me .
my new girlfriend does too , who is your favorite team ?
browns country here , that is why my friends and i prefer to hike , lol
cleveland is a great city .
there is a great restaurant on ontario street . the best pancakes !
only a few blocks from the browns stadium
hi there . how are you doing today ?
i am doing ok . what do you like to do ?
i like to go outside and listen to my neighbors argue . it is my entertainment .
yes , better than watching TV dramas
i am thinking about getting a dog, but it is a big responsibility .
my mom is a makeup artist at a salon .
i love makeup, clothes, jewelry, and purses . people think i am shallow and I think so too .
hi how are you today
i am doing great ! eating pepperoni pizza my favorite and grading tests
a ranch sounds like a nice place to live
i like horses they are beautiful ! do you like sweet tea ?
i drink it nonstop its my favorite
yes it is . do you work
that is great i teach at a elementary first-grade level
thanks well i have to go finish grading tests . nice talking to you
good morning , am fed up of my brother
he ever picks on me and beats me for any mess around
he kicks me and does not want me to tell my mother
am scared if i tell her and he knows he promised to kill me
when i hide in my room he comes for me
am really feeling bad and do not know how to get out of it
he is in college and am in a kindergarten so i fear him so much
hi how are you this evening ?
good , fun fact did you know there are over 300 languages ?
i am sort of a genius and i know all the languages .
no , i never went . i do own a mansion though .
i do , but i do not live in the mansion . do you have a family ?
i live in florida , i do not have family either i never knew my parents
i am not sure they gave me up at birth , that is a sweet offer .
hi how are you today ?
pretty good how about you
i have kids so yuck
whats your favorite color besides grey ?
orange is my favorite one yeah
i watch baseball mostly yeah
hello there , how are you ?
so good to hear . tell me about things you like to do
oh that sounds lovely . i wish i had learned how to drive and had a wife
i am a book worm , i go through books like i do socks
you must be very proud of him . any other kids ?
no i do not have any kids , but maybe someday
well i do enjoy scratching my nose for fun , since i cannot hear it gives me comfort
i was born deaf , but have some peripheral sound recognition
hi there ! how is it going ?
ya . most people get scared off by my 10 alpacas
but can you race on more than one at a time ?
do teach people in wheelchairs to race against horses ?
i believe you should leave making money to the mints . pretty sure that is illegal
i do boo . but only close to halloween
boo ! got you what time is lunch ?
you are going to eat me ?
what kind of activities do you enjoy ?
lately business has been slow in my job bartending . its made things tight .
i miss being in the marines .
it was a lot of work . now when i am bored i like to read books .
i love stephen king . what kind of food do you like ?
i stopped eating meat . its been an adjustment .
six kids wow ! a vegetarian lifestyle certainly is less expensive .
nor do i . hopefully the bartending will pick up again soon .
hey , how are you ? i just got back from a long bike ride .
down near the farms . ll . i have a long beard and look like them amish !
do you like the cowboys ? dude , i sure do .
yeah . i love football . my dog is about the size of one ! ll
no . a mutt .
i am kinda between jobs . i am a freshman in college still live with folks . you ?
hi ! what do you like to do ?
sorry to hear that ! i like festivals and music !
blue eyes can be really pretty .
do not be so negative ! i just started working online , you can get enough to move out !
it wo not be spring for a while over here .
i do not have any abusive relationships , no . i would call the police if i were you .
where do you live ? send me your address !
i will call someone who can help you !
hello , what are you up to ?
same , thinking of ordering a pizza . wish i could get sushi !
i like those , too , but pizza is better ! ;
i create outdoor sculptures for gardens . you ?
i love dancing to ween when i am not sculpting .
i love four cheese , haha . do you like sushi , too ?
give it a chance one day . they have vegetable rolls .
do you make any kind of artwork ?
hello how are you doing today
cool i am an artist and i draw a lot .
yes i love game of thrones i draw them a lot
i recent got a cat to walk with me for exercise
everyone stops and stares at my cat on a leash lol .
it was awesome my cat is huge .
hi how are you today
but it is raining out
wow i am jealous of that
that does sound nice i breed cats
i breed them for show and events
it can be pretty pretentious
the cat owners and the events
hi there . i am nurse kelly . what are you doing ?
i have just the thing . take a hot bath and drink some milk .
my four sisters used to make me eat pudding . i hated it .
here in grand rapids , michigan we love our dairy . no honey though , no way .
bees could kill me , i stay away from all of it . do you work ?
very much so . my four older sisters are too . are you ?
i like psychedelic rock music . what about you ?
that is cool too . some of the kids at my hospital like her too .
hey how are you doing ?
great thanks for asking , are u married ?
my wife and i have a girl
oh cool how old are you all
i am in my early 30s , what you do for living
cool , i am a marketer , i love it . i bet you travel everywhere huh ?
wow sound interesting , how long you been driving
o okay cool , you like it ?
hey there how are you doing today ?
yea it is that season , want anything from kfc or burger king ?
grab you some , do you meditate ?
i need to stop eating it before skydiving smh
i like bands , the 1 i like is the queens of stone age .
because it is fun duh lol i won the olympics before also .
i actually need medication too so i get you
skydiving , look me up i need to not get any more fast food .
how is it going with you ?
a house of matches ? do not put it near a flame
yea , my dad died too . he used to take me fishing .
it happens . i started running to cope . i was the best in my state
sure , but i am a bit out of shape . i eat ice cream every day now
i just float along with the river life .
i takes me where it does . what do you do ?
how are you doing today
when did you get braces
do you like art at all
i like science as well
what will you do after that
you seem to like animals a lot
have you tried anything to get rid of him
hello how are you doing tonight
so do you have any hobbies
so do i , but i like playing golf the most
yes , i like to go to the shooting range , i am president of a gun club
i am a construction worker
i am from california , and you
that is nice , i am in los angeles , been here for years
ok . i also work in a charity salvation army , , and always donating my old clothes
hi , i am michael . how are you ?
hi zitah plans for the weekend ?
that sounds great . i have got to work this weekend . at scrubway !
i make sandwiches but mostly just jam out to country music .
any other hobbies ? i really enjoy video games .
i love ice skating . anything to live life to the fullest .
hi how are you this evening ?
yes it was thank you , i volunteered today at the humane society .
that is fantastic ! i have a twin brother , and we share an apartment .
i fully agree . do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds very interesting . i am in an indie band , i play the drums .
i love dogs ! i have always wanted to do something extreme like sky dive .
that is awesome independance is the best !
who is your favorite princess mine is ariel
that is good and i am a senior in high school what about you
that is an interesting job
do you like to dance i love it
i do dance competitively on a dance team
no but i would love to learn
what is your favorite kind of movie mine are disney movies they make you feel young
hi ! how are you ?
fun ! i love cooking at home with my daughter
i sell paper products . its a great job . i just prefer my cooking to restaurants
i am picky about proper technique when it comes to food
i do not know . i have an accountant to deal with my taxes
i do not think poor people have it easy
good morning ! just accomplished reading my 300 page book this morning , how are you ?
the game of thrones series , what about you ?
awe , that is great to hear , i have read several dog and horse books recently so cute !
i am a vegetarian ! how cool ! hooray for the animal kingdom !
country music is awesome , heard some on the walking dead last night .
well , its probably a good thing , what does tv benefit us anyway ? ?
life on the farm is kinda laid back , where i live !
buy them at the store or grow them on my land , no , thank you .
as long as you do not land on my eighteen wheeler ! i need it.
only if you two like rap . i love it , tho i have a bushy beard !
i did that soon after i graduated from high school . you must like animals .
i just enjoy listening to it . i got a wrong sounding voice for singing .
what do you play in the band ? or are you the lead singer ?
i was a rocker before i finished high school . now i listen mostly to rap .
hi how are you today ?
oh that is really cool . what do you do for fun ?
oh me too , i am a jack of all trades type of guy .
i do not think so , i am not very sociable to be honest .
yeah , always trying to make sure i do not let them down .
that cool . do you like candy ?
i am a barbie girl , living in a barbie world . being plastic , is fantastic .
awesome ! i am nancy , i collect any and all things barbie !
i love gardening . i am working on a barbie topiary .
i bet that lends a lot of confusion among people .
www . that it would . dogs are the best .
the military kps skydive with their handlers , they are so cute with their goggles .
they sure are . they even wear helmets when they jump .
hello . how are you ? i just put my five kids to bed .
what do you like ? i like listen to all kind of music , draw , and crafts
wow , very impressive . i also like watching movies . do you like movies ?
i see . do you race in your cars ?
lol ! ! i bet they are those crazy kind of exes too .
you have to know what they wanted before dating them . psycho !
hello , how are you doing today ?
not too good , just got home from my parents house .
i love them , but hate keeping secrets from them . i am gay and they do not know, if I could go back, I would pursue a career in music instead of welding.
its sad when we have to hide ourselves . i am a welder because it was manly .
would your parents be angry with her ?
i feel like i would be disowned , by my dad at the least .
i have tried bringing it up before , but something always gets in the way .
hi ! how are you today ?
great ! i am having a relaxing day while my dad is at work
i am listening to some country music while working on puzzles
i do ! sam hunts new song is currently my jam
i enjoy yoga ! i am not the best , but attempt it
i am a fiction writer . not a published one , but hopefully one day !
hello , do you like flowers or plants ?
that is good , i am from oklahoma where there are lots of birds
i am currently living in chicago , so yes , i do now
i mostly watch the news and scandal
yes , one time i almost died trying to swim with an alligator
did you ever try to see who the easter bunny was ?
do you enjoy a lot of crocodiles , do you have one as a pet ?
my name is jessica and i love reptiles
hello , how are you doing today ?
i am doing very well just finished unpacking
yes , this must be the 40th time we have moved . so tell me about yourself .
nice . interesting people stray into my life . i collect them like crazy cat ladies collect cats .
well , i am tall 6 foot . i have a high iq . recently i dyed my hair .
yes . i dyed my hair purple . do you have a family ?
wow , i am sorry to hear that any kids ?
i have a son but he does not really look like me though . o
hi , i like pizza . whats your favorite food ?
cool . . . whats your favorite season , mine is winter .
i would love it , except i cannot drive my van in much snow .
nice . i enjoy it too but not that much .
absolutely i only need a lil rainfall to drift off to sleep
yes its very peaceful and soothing
it looks like fun but i would suck
i have prepared a superb meal using vegetables from my garden .
that is too bad . would you like a music lesson instead ? the guitar perhaps ?
i can play many things but sports are not my specialty . how about the banjo ?
that is wonderful ! i have traveled to many french provinces so i know a few words .
france ? it is lovely there . can you say look at my mandolin in french ?
cooking up a feast . you and your family are invited .
a lot of broccoli that i grew myself that are like little trees .
you sound like a very smart kid . did you know that cashews come from a fruit ?
hi how are you doing
i am good just taking care of my three year old
i know time flies too fast
oh no i am so sorry for your loss
yeah its still hard though
that is so sweet i hope i have family traditions like that
they really are i wish i could be home more with my kid
i work in finance my husband stays at home
hey hows it going . hope youre happy
i am not the most talkative person
i know it is tough that i like basketball too
you are just like me middle aged woman
yes . i have a horse . just like the rest of my family
yea . but i prefer to watch
hello , how are things today ?
if you are down maybe i can cheer you up . i am a bit of a clown
well , i am the clown to turn your frown upside down .
i do not drink . i gave it up to support an alcoholic friend in recovery .
nope , but i may have other legal troubles you could help with .
i was dancing on a table at a restaurant might have broken some tables .
they are threatening legal action but people have been dancing on those tables forever
good morning , how are you today ?
do you ever watch jeopardy ? my episode aired last week .
cheeseburgers are delicious ! do you have any hobbies ?
i am a terrible fisherwoman , i prefer to work on my cars on the weekend .
i restore cars on the weekends , but during the week i teach pottery classes .
i like having room work . my last place was tiny , it was a storage bin .
i was not claustrophobic before , but now i am !
you are right on that . what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
hello sunshine ! how are you my dear ?
i am so , so good . i saw a new band last night !
aw but being a mom is the most rewarding job you can have !
i wish i had known my parents , they passed when i was little
not yet , i fill my days with sunshine and music .
what else do you do with your days ?
i hike weekly ! mountain climbing scares me though .
ugh , you know what bothers me ? the bus ,
yo wassup ? you like anime ?
cool . i watch japanese cartoons a lot . lol . . .
reddit has an anime forum ? our class is going to japan . . .
really ? cool . i am trying to save money for our class trip .
i am not sure . i do have to buy a plane ticket .
bike ride ? not so much . i like anime , but reading subtitles gets old .
lol . really ? i watch anime and save money for my trip . that is two things .
i do not have a favorite color . blue is cool though .
i am in college , how about yourself ?
i am good . i spend most of my time playing football with my friends .
oh , what does that mean ? do you have facial hair ?
yes , i have heard . do you own any pets ? i own a pomeranian .
i do like hip hop . i also like riding bikes , yourself ?
about a year old . his beard matches mine haha .
you work at a clinic ? that is interesting work .
hi how are you doing ?
i am a graphic designer for a small business
what city are you from ?
i am from socal inland empire
do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
hi ! my name is nancy . how are you ?
great but a little tired i just got back from band practice
i play drums . my friends and i have a band that plays local bars
how old are your daughters ? do you have any pets ?
other than my band , i like to explore our area on my moped
ll that would make me fat ! do run a cooking blog or anything ?
time to order a taco ! is it tuesday yet ?
i am trying not to get deported . i am a dreamer . If I could, I would travel the world to explore different cultures through music.
do not know much about football . soccers more my thing .
my mom brought me here when i was two . she jumped the border to clean houses .
and besides i have no other family , just mom and me .
i am on the swim team in college , and i went to spain for a semester last year .
hey there ! how are you ? 22 y . o male here
not much , i am still at school . i am hoping to become an artist you ?
awesome ! i live in ny city myself , in a small apartment with my cat 3
yeah i wish i could see your side also ! is it still hot mid september ?
i am a big vegan , my favorite meal are tofu burgers though ! you ?
you eat lobster though right ?
yeah i bet ! i thought about giving up something myself . . wine ! hehe
hi i am a high schooler and i am a wr on my football team
oh . . that is a wide receiver . my iguana's name is charlie
yeah do you like video games . i play a lot of poker online
i see . . i like watching movies too star wars especially
no . . do you work . i just got off of my shift at mcdonald
oh . . interesting . i have been to the hospital after getting hurt during football practice
hi ! i am aiden ! who are you ?
hi mike ! do you like soccer ? i love soccer !
me and my best friend , he is cayden , love soccer ! basketball is for tall people .
wow ! how old are you ? i am seven ! i am short for now .
my teacher says i am not smart . i cannot be in the gifted classes . i like gifts .
surgery for what ? did they cut you open ?
college ! ? you must be super smart !
wow ! you are super cool ! i read about china in school !
hello ! i am excited getting ready to travel to japan
cool i am like a nomad and travel a lot
good idea i will have to do that
do you work ? i am a programmer and work remotely
nice i travel so much i have missed being home for two years
no i live in the midwest it is so sad about the fires
yes we have and some do not appreciate it
i feel like so many people are deceived into thinking wrong things
hi , how are y o u ?
sorry . . . i am happily married so i am good
besides my two jobs , i enjoy the beach . you ?
so you are a very busy person ?
pretty hectic . i am dietician and a court clerk
i love the money . i like nice things
that would be nice and pleasant
no , do you have any pets ?
hi how are you today
and what did you kill then
i like bambi you just made me cry
the disney deer you fool
oh do you like music then
that does sound nice do you quilt
nice i love knives let me have
how are you doing today
have you ever broken a bone
what bone did you break
what do you have on the list
i like to read a bit
what is your favorite book
twilight is the best book
i am from a small place called toronto
hello how is your day going ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am studying to become a fashion designer in ny
sounds great i love ny do exciting
that is good and true , i shop there its really fun
yes inspired by alexander mcqueen and coco chanel handbags and shoes
hello , how are you today ?
getting ready to play some football ! i am a trucker , got to stay fit .
military equipment . i have a contract as a vet .
thank you . i love to camp , do you go often ?
i am a redhead , i know the feeling .
football , camp and surf , lol
i have never had the medical kind .
southern cali , i take all hauls that i can get out there .
hi how are you today ?
i am well . do you do yoga ?
i do not hike but i go to the pool
i am not sure really . do you work ?
i am sorry on so many levels
i am not sure really . do you have kids ?
hi there
i am glad . i do too ! what do you enjoy doing ?
i love movies too . my high school sweetheart and i met at the movies !
you sound very creative . maybe i will watch your movie one day . i like romance movies !
i am sure you will snag a great date with your trumpet playing skills d
but please remember not to settle . you need to be sure that she/he is the one !
i did . i married my best friend from high school . sometimes i wonder why . . .
he did not like my cats things have been rough since they have been gone
what are you doing tonight ?
oh yeah ? do you stay with your mom ? i am with mine .
my parents migrated here from germany . very little english .
yeah . it is easier . i go to school . do you ?
do you have hobbies ? what do you do with your time ?
yeah . i like watching it . and riding my motorcycle fast .
you are either good , or dead , i find .
how are you doing today
i am great . i was just knitting .
yeah , it takes a lot of practice .
how hard was that to learn
do you use it for anything ?
what does he uncover ? dinosaurs ?
what was your favorite one ?
that would be so cool
hi ! i have just returned home with my kids , cooking dinner .
stuff i got from the farmers market , i live in the country .
we are watching a show on pbs about robotics , its really cool .
6 and 4 . do you have children ?
if you want , you will someday . how do you feel about the politics today ?
i am a little conservative , but scared .
hi my name is ann . i have brown hair . it is curly . how about you ?
i wish mine would grow that long . do you have any pets ?
i have a collie . she is so active . you are close to getting that camera .
no . i do not . i know nothing about cameras . do you like country music ?
i love Mexican food . i also love to eat popcorn and junk food .
as much as i love food , my favorite thing to do is travel with my parents .
i like spicy too . i am eating spicy peanuts right now . i love to snack .
hello friend . what are you up to tonight ?
what is your favorite song ?
very nice ! i like radiohead more . i hunt often , do you ?
i am too busy . i hunt and grow food . i am an off-grid kind of man .
i like to walk . i walk around the family homestead all day . how old are you ?
30 years old . i have three kids as well . do you have kids ?
oh joy . are you excited ?
it is the most amazing thing , seriously . i love my family so much .
are you going out tonight ?
it always a nice time old or not
well i cant party with kids but nice job it seems
are whoopee cushions still fun ?
yes but throw the ball at them ?
i am too fat to move i am slimming down now
yea fine i will come sing really loud
i will bring beer for when the kids leave
good morning . i am from boston . where are you from ?
cool . what do you do ? i am a teacher .
what do you do for fun ? i like singing and video games .
sounds like fun . do you like movies ? i adore magic mike .
one of my students told me about that one . gotta love my job .
i teach math and history . wish i could teach video games .
ever listened to 21st century by the red hot chili peppers ?
i do not have the time to read , i am always working .
hah , that is awesome . are you a doc ? i am really into health .
nice . i am just a cashier , but at least i do not have to wear white clothes
since you are in health , do you eat healthy ? personally i do not do gmos .
i would eat meat if i could afford it lol . two jobs aint enough .
hi , how are you today ?
don't know , what music do you like ?
i like country , but i love rap , i also like to smoke weed
are you a meataholic ?
i enjoy meat very much , where does your dad work ?
my dad works for a company named stifel , and i am it agent
pretty nice job , do you like it ?
i have some kittens , do you want to play with them ?
will you make me brownies ?
do you want to blow some things up with me ?
that is fine . if we can make them explode .
yeah , if you do all the work .
whatever you want , that sounds good .
not really honestly . what about you ?
will you read to me ? only then
hey there what is going on ?
going college work . what music do you like ?
i like jazz . do you write ?
i often write . i just got a new computer and the battery already sucks
all good ? no defects ? what color ?
i ride my bike to get to class
what courses do you take ?
i take philosophy and history
hi how are you today
i am doing well . just doing some writing
its my profession . its hard to keep the passion .
then you have got nothing but time !
very nice . i have 10 nieces and nephews
what a cool name for a dog !
huskies are so cahuteeee . jealous
very true they should learn how to clean ! p
hi , how are you doing today ?
i am great . what is going on with you ?
sorry to hear that . i make ok money as a plumber . always looking for help .
no i am in california . sorry . have you tried searching online ?
it is a great state . i wish i could cheer you up with my celebrity impressions .
i do a great jim carrey . i perform for my sons boy scout troop .
he is definitely my favorite actor . which of his movies is your favorite ?
those were hilarious ! i like those and bruce almighty too .
hello how are you today ?
good . gearing up to go to work . you have any weekend plans ?
what do you like to shop for ? i love books especially by nicholas sparks .
love stories . my husband is allergic so no pets . what kind of dog ?
are you married ? do you have kids ?
really ? it would be great to hook up with someone and not have to pay rent .
lol do not think my husband would approve . probably too old for you anyway .
hey there , what is your occupation ?
a lawyer . i just finished my studies at nyu .
well i normally listen to kings of leon when i run every morning . you ?
walking can be fun too . i love walking around new york the sites are amazing .
i might have to go there . i am a loner now that my wife left .
i enjoy window shopping and finding new places around the city . how about you ?
hi there , how are you ?
no i have not , is it good ?
i do not listen to too much music , so not sure
i actually volunteer at a local nursing home
sounds like fun . what kind of dogs ?
i do , but i like cats more lol
a little . stay busy with school , volunteering , and water skiing
might check some out . what else do you like doing ?
Good morning! I am so excited. Halloween's just 1 month away! Yay!
I have several, shopping with my girls, hunting with my man, and I am a house flipper!
Awe, that is creative! I do not have the patience for that sort of thing. I like fast stuff!
Idaho. Would you like a potato? Haha.
How are the Philly cheesesteaks? I have always wanted to try one.
I would love to! As soon as I can save up enough, I will swing by!
how are you doing today ?
i am doing good waiting on my pizza to be delivered .
it is my favorite thing to eat too
i like a lot of old music . i love the beatles
do you have any siblings ?
i have a lot of sisters it is exhausting ! !
a total of 8 brothers and sisters
hello how are you doing today
so what do you have planned for the night
absolutely , my parents died and i cook for my brothers and sisters every day
they passed from a boat sinking
what did you cook today , anything interesting
i love to shop when i am not writing creative short stories for a friends podcast
no , but i guess my brothers and sisters are my kids for now .
what is your occupation and do you like what you do for a living ?
hello , how are you tonight ?
for the newspaper in phoenix arizona .
probably not much better . but i love writing .
that sounds great too . that is why i hate being single . no one to walk with .
i never seen it , and i am afraid of heights , no rock climbing for me .
maybe , my favorite shoes are the ones that are pink and grey .
me too . no shoes on the beach .
playing bingo and binge watching netflix .
how are you doing today ?
just got back from some training for a marathon myself .
a new puppy ? awesome what kind ? yeah no people .
fun . yeah when i hang with people just say not the right kind of things .
watch netflix . avoid my disapproving father .
how true that so is ! he wants me to take over his business .
he has an appliance store and i just want to paint .
i would have to give my life to sell appliances .
hi , how are you today ?
like scar from lion king ? haha sorry , i just really like animals
lol , tell me about yourself
how long is your hair ?
wow that is so crazy . do you play any sports ?
i like to play tennis
in my fantasy world i am a singer on the rise .
hi ! did you say grace before dinner tonight ? i did
i do not remember . i was too busy watching empire .
i have a lot on my mind . looking for a job is tough in this market
anything i can get . at least with good grades i should be ok
i went to college . saw a lot of yo gotti shows while there . you ?
you must be smart . god has blessed you
haha he only blesses you with what he can handle
we should pray for them .
hello how are you doing today ?
doing great hanging with my cats i have 23 ! !
i do my cats are eating tuna i do not like fishy tastes
well i am vegan so my diet is a little limited
do you travel ? i did an around the world cruise once .
it is good to get out there and see the world
i have a sister who is a cat person too
yes it is i could not be a crazy cat person without her
hello , any exciting plans for the rest of the day ?
well nancy , i love fresh fruit and veggies and work in a crystal shop
i am also a big nature lover and grow my own food
my love of bacon is pure instinct , my mom taught me to sew
do you enjoy the single life ?
dogs are awesome , but someone to spend your life with is a good thing
it is funny , but great reason to be late , much better than traffic
how many dogs do you have ?
hey there , how is your day ?
pretty good . my work is in construction but its raining today so just reading .
i hardly rained when i was serving in the army in the middle east .
i like reading romance novels in a rain . not typical for a guy like me . lol
well , freckled ex army guys in construction and all . my buddies get a laugh .
what do you do in your spare time ?
wow , very ambitious ! congratulations and good luck .
i bet . not much here for the moment just reading and cooking when i can .
hi there ! what are you up to ?
checking out the girls or do you attend ?
i bet . church is definitely not my cup of tea . . . and neither is work !
that is okay . that just means you are special and i mean that in a good way
very fancy ! maybe i will watch you dance someday . . . like a free spirit on the stage !
oh you are in nursing school ! good for you !
do yourself a favor and break free from the chains of your past !
hi there , panic stricken singer over here !
well canadians are know to be friendly i am trying to overcome shyness .
not really , i am a born closet singer . do you have a good voice ?
cool ! am working up the courage to sing in front of an audience .
yes ! i chickened out once at an audition . i almost fainted from nerves ! !
i could not . i ended up ducking into a movie theatre next door to the show .
oh yes . my shyness is debilitating . i cannot bring myself to sing in public .
hope so too ! whats your greatest weakness ?
thanks for the vote of confidence , take care ! ! !
hi , i am about to brew some coffee .
that is outrageous , i live in the north west coast , we make our own craft beer .
yes i love those films , i watch them all the time with my boyfriend .
sounds like true love , maybe you guys should visit us . we have great weather .
yes we have a few of those , i usually provide the refreshments .
okay great , the city is portland , oregon .
there might have been , i was probably too busy making coffee .
that makes me want to take a run down to the docks .
hey , there ! hows it going ?
done working today yet ? got plans for tonight ?
i am going to play mah jong with my grandma . she lives out back .
i am a teller at our first national bank . and you ?
what kinds of things have you designed ?
do you do three d on the cards ? i have seen that on the tv .
hi , what you loving doing in your spear time ?
ok , look like you a very busy person
well i like walking every day and going fishing
well i like watching boxing
well i love baking also special cake
yes i love going to movie also
i never watch that one i love acting show
they is very cute i wish i had one too .
hello , how are you this fine evening ?
what are you thinking of ?
are you cooking just for yourself ?
true . do you live alone ?
roommates can be fun ! i am getting married so i live with him .
do you not live with your wife ?
did you have a church wedding ?
hello what do you like to do for fun ?
oh , i like knitting . and shopping
i love dogs . do you have any tattoos ? i have 2
yes i like bike riding . it gets me out of the office that i work in .
that is not good . you should ride your bike , it really improves the mood .
anything in the outdoors . i am so cooped up in the office all the time .
yes i have three kids . do you have any ?
they really are . and a handful at times
how are you doing today ?
just got back from the movies myself . wow .
what is it that you enjoy doing ?
that must be cool . love movies . ever been on set ?
do you really love fish ? bummer . your turn now . lol
my mom is almost deaf herself .
studied asl a bit . she has severe hearing loss . reads lips . forever now .
she does not sign but should . tough communicating with her in person .
hi , i am a big viking , what are you ?
if you are not a viking , what are you ? it is cold in my land .
i am a friendly viking and i only eat fish that i catch on my viking boat .
no , i just like pillaging and fine dining . i am a polite viking .
oh , i just googled pillaging . that is not good . lol
but i will pillage with you if you would like since i am a nice viking friend .
great idea . when should we attempt this ? after we fine dine ?
yes , exactly what i was thinking . great minds think alike .
hello from nova scotia friend
not much here but beautiful views of glaciers i enjoy climbing
i could do that . i am pretty forgetful so you will need to remind me
what were you on the news for ?
i wish i did only fame i have is winning dog sled race
thank you . do you like lutefisk ?
that does sound appealing to . its a local dish
hi ! nice to meet you ! ! !
good ! the usual ! waking the dogs , feeding the cats ! !
one word ! quake ! as always ! you ?
surely ! ! i play it on slackware linux ! where do you live ?
how about a lan ? i could drive over there ! i am from chicago ! !
my three dogs like broccoli ! ! so ! ! what do you like to do in your free time ?
our pets could meet too ! ! i have 3 dogs and 2 cats ! ! !
that is right ! those are the things that make me happy ! !
hello there how are you ?
oh what kind of work do you do ?
i am retired . i do a lot of volunteer work
i enjoy helping others so i find value in it
relaxing is nice . where i live pretty empty for the most part .
more in the countryside . there is a lot of farmland around here .
oh do you live in small town ?
hi there . i love to watch shows on netflix .
i am jesse . i live in chicago and wish i could go back to school .
i am a tarot card reader . it is a fun job .
nope . but i would love to learn self defense someday .
i will bring my sister , who is also my best friend .
love fishing . just caught a huge bass last weekend .
same here . when the weather permits .
just to make some candles and read some cards .
hello , how are you doing this evening ?
i am , thanks . what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and nature .
the water is a good place to be , i like biking by the lake .
lasagna or fajitas . my mother teaches cooking , so she taught me .
i love making brownies or pies too , i understand that .
good for you , i need to practice more self control .
good trade off . do you speak any foreign languages ?
hi ! how are you this dreary day ?
i am ok . too rainy and cold out . i have great penmanship for a man .
i am in wisconsin . my ma raised me here since my pops left .
it s beautiful here ! lots of snow though . i love roller coasters but too cold for it .
i have . two of them . great america and over texas . i have traveled a lot .
i would love that . i am obsessed with viking culture .
were they really ? i did not know that . i love to learn .
hi how are you doing
i do but i am in school so i cant very often
that is sweet i like animals too
i used to so i am on a diet
yeah cause its not easy to control yourself
brown and brown do you like working out
i try to go to the gym every day
yeah i am trying no to eat too much
hi how are you doing
i am good what hobbies do you have
i am playing with my dolls in my room
that is cute what kind of food do you like
i am 6 so i do not have a job
do you like to have picnics
i especially like them on a nice day !
hello . what do you do for fun ? sewing is fun !
do you like animals ? my cat brings me joy
i actually like being alone sometimes .
do you work ? i work at a cafe waiting tables .
that is so cool . you must be really smart !
sorry to hear . i was going to say my mother was smart because she was a nurse .
there is a lot of professional help out there . maybe you can talk to somebody !
my mother , the nurse said a lot of people are depressed so you are not alone .
hello . how are you ? where are you from ?
i am very , very bad , but that is the norm for me
i am the physical manifestation of depression and despair .
what do you do for fun
that sounds very romantic . are you a homosexual ?
oh . i do not , and for that reason , i believe i am in dire need of help
hello ! i am from new york . where are you from ?
oh , nice . do you have any pets ? i have a pug . talk about a loyal pet !
ah . i am home most times . i do not go out much because i am an introvert .
i imagine you are a night owl like me ?
awesome ! staying home affords me lots of study time . i study law as a graduate student .
cool ! i just wish i had time to go see the local shops more . i love them !
any type , really . i just love how diverse they can be .
most definitely . i do also enjoy going to the park sometimes .
hello , this is president trump . how are you today ?
i am busy working on more funding for the hurricane damage . its terrible !
hopefully , you all made it through okay ?
a lot of sporting events were canceled .
that is good to know . did your home sustain any damage ?
well , being president is tough . a lot tougher than owning casinos . what do you do ?
that is great . people should read more , including myself .
have you read my book , the art of the deal ?
hi there ! how are you doing today ?
oh that is extremely sad i am sorry . do you have other family ?
i am alright . i am just watching tv with my cats milo and fio
they are great so funny too !
i play video games a lot so i wish there was a job related to that !
i just work in retail right now . so i understand that struggle !
we use a lot of public transportation here in canada . you probably would not like that .
yes ! i love music , especially when i play soccer .
hey , what are you up to ?
oh dang ! ! that is awesome . . what kind of gig ?
oh nice ! ! can you tell me a joke or are you tired ?
i am no good at jokes . i was wondering if you could tell one . if not , that is fine
haha i see . i am a receptionist at a lawyers office . do you do anything besides standup comedy ?
oh wow ! ! can i tell you a secret ?
my favorite thing to watch , almost the only thing i watch , is wwe wrestling
hello how are you today
i am doing well just got out of class
i go to johns hopkins med school following in my parents footsteps
that is awesome . what kind of nurse do you want to be trauma or something else
you will figure out which one when the time is right .
i like to act at the local theater
lol everyone has there talents and weaknesses
no i have not but might one day i do like horses
hi how are you tonight ?
i am doing great ! just got off work at the zoo .
yep lots of cheetahs ! my favorite is the panda .
awesome i do too ! i eat 6 eggs for breakfast for running energy
oh man i am the opposite veggies for me
i do i like to read some crime novels
hi , how are you doing today
how old are you , how many dolls
cool , my dad had brown eyes but mine are hazel
since you are 4 , do you like to dance
that is great , you have a princess bed , cool . i teach dancing , it is fun .
have you asked her for her secret , maybe she will tell you
make a swap with her , trade something of yours for the secret
but if she really wants something badly , it will work
hey how are you this evening
yes . i live a viking lifestyle
you have to be tough and fearless
i like fishing and fine dining
i live in alaska , where are you ?
awesome . i often wonder what it would be like to live in a bustling city instead of a quiet town
do you have any children ?
i have a wife and one son
hello ! i am having tacos for dinner , what about you ?
i am going to be going to med school at michigan u .
i am . i am working at my families food truck before i go back .
i am only in it for the money , lol .
i am in florida . we are neighbors , lol
we were without power for one day , and lost one tree . we lucked out .
have a professional do it , i singed mine .
for doctors without borders , they need all the help they can get .
how are you doing today ?
is that your favorite music
i like circus music the best . it reminds me of the past. I wish I could spend more time at the circus with my family.
i grew up in it
yeah it is fun . i like the family feel .
no . i have dogs though .
i am all about dogs
hi ! how are you today ?
well i do love getting inked up
very cool , do you work in sports ?
very nice . where do you work then ?
not really , do not have a car to go places .
i work with books in a store .
sometimes , ink . my mom wants me to do medicine like her .
what do you do ? i am an actress and I also work at the grocery store .
what kind of athlete ? do you cook ? i never do because i am not good at it .
blonde . being an actress i have to look good so i take care of my skin .
just acting and looking good . i love to dress up for other people
what happened to your last one ? maybe I can get you an acting role .
why did you get fired ?
i have to work at the grocery store in a little but I do not want to .
no I wish . I need to find something to eat first .
hi how are you today ?
that is good how long have you been prancing songs on your bass ?
that is great i always wanted to play an instrument eventually the panic one day
that is cool i will learn one day
fishing is fun what kind of fish do you like to eat ?
yum salmon is good when its prepared right and i love haddock
umm i love cheeseburgers sounds delicious . grilled fish and a nice juicy grilled steak
yes it is what kind of movies do you like to watch ?
hello . do you like animals ?
i do not know much about horses but i love dogs .
camping sounds fun ! i also enjoy traveling
that sounds hard ! i keep busy with cooking . i love to bake , too .
he is pretty great . do you know where he grew up ?
true ! i was raised near the ocean so i really love seafood
maybe florida . i am sure he travels a lot .
i love visiting any beach during my travels . do you travel ?
hi
how are you today ? ready for the weekend ?
that sounds great any particular plans ?
haha that makes sense
i have a super demanding job
i am a programmer but i am not sure if i made the right choice
i was pressured into it
hey there how are you ? my little boy does everything i do .
yes i do i love him ,
do you ? sorry she does not .
do you watch any basketball ?
yes i do alot , like bands ?
well that is something else
never heard of that person
hi hello how are you doing tonight ?
i love pets in princes my favorite artist
my fav i am puerto rica and chinese
i am a woman what about you
do you enjoy blues music
sure i work for google its cool
i am puerto rica and chinese how about you
hi ! how are you doing ?
same ! i am enjoying eating pizza , my favorite food
i do , i deliver pizzas actually using my van ! how about you ?
nice ! whens your wedding ? i would like mine in the winter
congrats ! i would have mine in the rain too because i love the mood it sets
no i am not , one day though ! for now pizza is my love
you are right ! i could even get you free pizza to help you save money
i enjoy driving , does that count ?
how are you ? i just got back from japan this summer
i know . my mum likes colors . she is a painter
what about sports . i love hockey
that is cool . i played till my best friend moved away
i am starting senior year next week
thank you . i love horror too
i take everything literally . my parents have no idea that i am gay .
they will not , but i will someday . what are you hobbies ?
i like to read comic books and watch anime . also i love video games .
i like assassins creed . i love drawing my favorite characters when i have time
black flag is my favorite , i love pirates . yours ?
i have played them , i love fighting the zombies
that is cool , do you live on an ocean since you like surfing ?
very neat , i have never surfed before
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . do you like fall ?
i love the season . its nice to have the fall cooking and activities .
i can understand why you would like that season .
yes , it is . i enjoy that .
i love to cook and decorate .
hello do you like jazz music ?
i named my dog billie holliday
i never had kids , my 3 dogs keep me busy though .
my parrot plays the drums , how cool is that ?
do you play bingo ? i play on wednesday nights .
i have metal in my left knee , i fit right in with the old people
hospitals are lame , you should make a run for it .
yea , sounds like you should run and not look back .
hi how are you doing
its been pretty busy i live on a farm
i have a ton of chickens
i have always lived on a farm
it is i bought my own farm after i worked on my family farm for many years, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in farming.
i do its such a great lifestyle
well lookie lookie here at you
well hello . youre fired . he he he
i was once tom petty, but sometimes I wish I could be a rockstar again.
your man your man . rip
yay ! i hate fl , i wanna live in tn .
please buy my family a house . that is all we need
aw , no help for me
i cant walk or talk or breathe
hey hows it going ? all good ?
i am doing geology at university
alabama . its pretty good . my girlfriend attends too
that is nice . perhaps we could go together
yea football . but i am not good at it
that is nice . lets play sometime
i do too . although i am male
hello how are you today
what book are you reading
i have never heard of that whats it about
that is cool about your husband i like to go to the gym in my free time
yeah it helps keep depression away too
i live in rhode island
both places are beautiful i have heard
i work at a restaurant but do not make enough money to even fix my car
pizza solves every problem in the world , thank you
nice to meet you , i see you building little hut for storm
you can drive my truck to safety instead
what hospital do you stay at for chemo therapy
you belong in an insane asylum perhaps , i will be the warden
you cant keep up , you are ginger bread man
forget toys , someday you have to grow up and be a man
i see you like swimming but instead you can be on boat .
hello stranger , tell me a bit about yourself !
daisy is my granddaughters name . . . i hope your skunk smells as sweet as she does !
i just got home after driving a hour from work , i am hungry !
i can never decide . . . either a cheesy hot dog , or a chili corn dog .
i have never had norse food , but it sounds good !
i got a masters in dragon lore , before i found out all the dragons are dead !
it was probably that kind of thinking that convinced your brother he was a viking ! ; p
hi there , how are you ?
well , i love cookies , but i wish i was tall enough to reach the cookie jar
i love ginger snaps . we eat them when we cuddle up at night . my dog and i
lay awake and watch the stars at night , but then i sleep too late for class
maybe i will . what do you do ?
i am always late so maybe i should
i should really , but i can't sleep without my dog
hi there , how are you ?
are you making eggplant ? i love it so much
cool , fish and eggplant would make a good combo
i will have to try that , but right now i am smoking my pipe
no , all 5 of my ex wives had dogs and kept them .
well my bar in downtown chicago is a great place to meet people
oh no worries , even this third grade spelling bee champ slips up sometimes
me too . its always been my problem
hello ! want to chat with a farmer ?
well do you like duck hunting ? its my favorite season of all ,
nice ! so are you in college ? or graduated college ?
never went was too busy running the family farm . you in a relationship to ?
so sorry but its better than your girl to elope with your best friend !
it was . would flown out there but i never flown before .
hey . hows it going tonight ?
nice man . i traveled closest to the eclipse . love travelling dude .
awesome . so do you work ? i recently got a brand new job i enjoy .
i work at a vet office . so you got any interests ?
oh nice . i love all cars and cats . my cats are awesome .
her name is taj . i guess from all the traveling i have done to india .
hello , how is your sunday going ?
i miss my family . deployed , my wife and kids are in the us
i am very proud of my work as an army ranger . what do you do ?
my kids love sesame street .
no , i am very proud of my work and life . my country is everything to me .
arabic . it helps out in the field , but that information is classified .
hey how are you doing tonight ?
drawing is fun . just made a blanket and about to workout
hope it goes well went to carnival could not get on ride oh my
hope the best and thinking about dye my hair today
mixed so tired of brown hair i like red
well at least you lived a good life wish I grow old my friend
i could sew up some blankets and congrats on the grand kids
i would enjoy a pizza right now me hungry
hello how are you today
i did not what did they do ?
oh i get it that is very funny , have you went biking ?
me to i love to ride my bike all day long
really , that could be scary . i think i could cook a tigar
no i can only speak english , show me some german
oh dang and here i thought i mean a german
that is so cool , the only thing my mom does is teach
hi how are you today
that sounds exciting ! i might go fishing today after school
that is awesome where do you work
that sounds fun i am an intern with windows computer company
wow my kids would love that especially my middle son i have 5
they are a handful at times but they are a blessing
hi there . how are you
pretty good . just finished cooking
pastas . do you like to cook
so what do you do
interesting . what do you have in store
i am store manager at a candy store . been married for five years
hi ! where do you live ?
i also live in a place far far away
do you have any siblings ?
have a lot , youngest of 8 kids over here
we are all pretty close
what do you do for work ?
i work in real estate and a restaurant on the weekends
recently divorced and i just needed some extra income
hi i am mark , i own a prius and work for a company near my home .
how interesting my wife has probably seen it she is a stay at home mom .
interesting work , do you live in an apartment or house . we live in a house we own .
nice ! i like strawberries and dislike tofu . i have never played lets play .
is that how you got started on your youtube channel .
it is amazing to find something you love and so important .
yes , but it will be worth it . working a 9 to 5 is not everything
well it is inspiring that you did something about it . i wish you luck .
hello ! how are you today ? i am preparing for another marathon .
a 5k . what kind of hair style ?
very neat . what kind of food do you like ?
i am into lifting weights .
i am not on a diet . i like pickled eggs . i like anything besides sweet potatoes
texas , you ? do you have any pets ?
no ? i love dogs . i have 3 of them . they are great danes .
that is too bad . you do not like dog hair or what ?
hi , do you have a big family ? i love big families .
my family consists of 3 boys and 4 girls .
my name is crystal and i also have two beautiful huskies .
i make cakes my favorite is chocolate with extra frosting .
i am a baker . in my spare time i play my guitar .
i love to bake birthday cakes love to see kids smile .
i enjoy extra icing on my chocolate cakes .
hi there . i own my own company .
i am kind of lazy . i always forget to ask things .
i make ask and barely work at all .
i love to cook . my wife and son enjoy my cooking .
that is cool . my employees make minimum wage .
i used to when i was young . electric or acoustic ?
good evening . how are you doing tonight ?
watching dirty harry waiting for a body .
no its a movie . my favorite movie ever !
whats your favorite movie to watch ?
are you a vet ? i bet working with the living is rather lively . lol
it gets lonely here sometimes . not much , uh . . . company .
collect stamps , mainly ones with airplanes . i really want to learn to fly .
hi how are you today
what kind of jobs eh ?
very cool . i am a viking !
nope i pillage and take what i want
i am so 3000 and 8 you are a liar .
i bet you have like 2000 autographs
hello how are you today ?
i love animals especially my pet dragon
those are also a lot of fun
i enjoy wearing my suspenders when i pet my dragon
386 and love ink stains on my clothes
you are very young alos
hello . although my mom was also a teacher , i prefer to teach yoga in a class .
running is fun . i am also , of course , single . i love salad .
yes , i only like salad .
i like pretty tall men also . who have jobs .
yes ! i have one fat dog that is a miniature pincer .
i love labs . labs are my favorite but they like to chew things up .
i had one that literally ate the kitchen . ate the cabinets and walls lol
yes , but he was a very sweet dog once the chewing phase was over .
hi
whats new ?
i am sorry to hear that . but you can always change that .
oh , i am sorry .
do you like to read ?
i prefer reading to a lot of things . especially sports .
not sure .
what about you ?
hi is there anyone there ?
not really . just like good music , old , new . you ?
classic . they really knew how to compose and play ! are you older ?
lol . i liked classic up but their modern stuff not as much .
to make money . things are pretty tight right now .
was going to breed my pet iguanas but now thinking growing legal pot makes money .
california . thankfully we only are having fires here and not hurricanes . you ?
its quasi legal . lots of restrictions but for medical purposes you can grow .
hey , how are you today ?
sounds nice . i am reading some comics .
i love drawing my own comics . what about you ?
i have even started putting my comics online .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i do not have any animals .
i know . i should probably get a dog .
three guesses as to why my dog's name is Lassie.
well, that is close, but it's not the main reason. It's her breed that counts.
ahaha, only if you consider traveling with the family a sport.
i think once, when we first moved here, but we are south of Dallas.
yeah, we do not get along much, plus I was the lucky one who inherited the blue eyes.
not yet. i am hoping to in the future as soon as my paychecks become steady.
sweet. do you have a steady job now?
hi . i am arnold , and i am 10 now . my birthday was yesterday .
my brother is a runner , and he bought me a cake too .
choclit all the way ! mom said to wash it down with oj my favorite juice
yuk ! . mom made cheese n ham sandwiches too . whens your birthday ?
zippity doo dah or yankee doodle
did you go to their concert ? i am too young to go
gotta go now . here comes my mom . she does not allow me to use this computer
hello . how is your day going ?
it is going good . heading to my third job .
not much free time . listen to music mostly .
i am into some metal bands , and some heavy rock .
i like listening to avenged sevenfold , they are my favorite . what about you ?
i am trying to become a baseball announcer . do you like baseball ?
i recently proposed to my best friend of three years .
my home is by the ocean , i live near there !
black sea ! , jane austen is my favorite author , yours ?
cool ! , well i do have a boat , that is handy !
yes but tennis shoes are the only thing i wear only thing
i basically eat fish , lots of it , every day , i smell fishy ; o
that would be handy living by the ocean !
hi . i love to go fishing . what do you do ?
a lake near my house . i am also an athlete .
soccer , baseball , track . i also race cars .
cool . what kind of pets do you have ?
that is great . nice place ! do you play any games ?
i like music , too . what do you listen to ?
i like alternative rock and movie soundtracks .
probably close encounters of the third kind .
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . might go play some blackjack later . what are you doing ?
cool . i like food trucks . maybe one day i will open a business . they are awesome !
me too . i am a fan of the dollar menu . i do not care what anyone thinks
8 brothers ! wow . i was raised by my older brother
they were murdered in an alley by a thief .
i would not tell you if i were . but I just might be .
hi how are you ? i am in colorado
oh no way that is awesome . hows the weather
that sounds awesome . i am jealous , what do you do for fun ?
that is chill , any good ones ?
oh i agree . sorry it took so long to respond had to clean my glasses
oh snap i bet you could not beat me at video gave even with 3 thumbs
lots of stuff i like to swim so i also like to play swimming games .
ll something like that . do you play games ?
hello friend how are you doing this evening ?
doing good just got done with a fantastic vegan dinner and now listening to country music
love baked beans with some bacon . . yum
haha do you have any animals ? i have a cat that i adore
www . . . shuddering . i would rather listen to my music and dance . . . lol
well that would be an interesting sight to see
hi , how was your day ?
i love shopping . not as much as i love my dog
it was rough but i made a vow never to drink the hard stuff
it can always get better what will you do after this ?
so . cool . what is your inspiration going to be ?
i love it . you are going to do great things . i just know it .
i have swam all over the world in many oceans !
hello , how are you ?
i am good thank you . tell me about yourself .
oh no , what kind of crime ?
that is terrible !
wow , but you still need to turn yourself in . murder was not the answer .
it does not matter if anyone will find out . its the right thing to do .
then i suppose you can represent yourself in court .
hi , how are you ? where are you from ?
houston , tx . even with the hurricane , i love it here
i have always wanting to visit ny ! are you near the city ?
what happened if you do not mind my asking
i bet writing is cathartic , what else do you stay busy with ?
oh nice ! my friend james is a huge gamer also
hello its going good today at work .
i work at a party store .
i do not talk much since i met my mother .
i do not play but i design parties with the theme of dragons
understood . i love christmas because my siblings are present .
this will be my first time meeting my siblings .
all of them . i see myself talking more as this is truly my first family christmas .
i am blessed to finally reunite with my family and dragons will be the theme with a twist - a dragon-themed Christmas!
hi how are you ?
i am good . what are your hobbies ?
i am kind of a foodie so i love looking for fun new restaurants
no kids what about you ?
i am single i work at a bank what do you do for a living ?
that sounds fun
hello what are you up to this evening
oh interesting . i m surfing youtube , like usual lol
chicago . how s the weather there ?
i m a pizza lover so i d have to agree , great food
i walk past a seafood joint on my way to beauty school , yummy
started recently . i share makeup tutorials on youtube !
i love it ! what do you do for fun ?
wow quite the mix ! your night gig sounds fun !
how are you ? i am chilling with my husband of five years
dogs are pretty great . i sell candy if they ever need any haha
any kind you can think of ! i am employed at a candy store
i am passionate about politics , so i indulge in those topics , wbu ?
that is cool , i also like to run long distances , about two miles everyday
sounds like fun ! i sometimes take my husband
five years . are you married ?
haha i understand you on that one
swim is fun , do you like to swim ?
cool , i should get wonder women suit to swim
love baking and race cars
my all time favorite is lightening mcqueen
my mom has a 4runner . you can never go wrong with toyota
wish i can drive , i am 14 yrs old
no , i am just a kid
it is lighten . they even made a movie .
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . do you like science ?
do you like art or anything like that
that sounds interesting . does it work ?
do you do any martial arts
oh wow . you sound cultured .
do people believe you when you tell them that
do you like pizza because i like pizza so much
do you like night time i m in nighttime person
wow that s so cool charlie is the name of my cat
no not yet i got earrings hope you re
really and i like art and i am into art
wow do you do are two
your volunteer work that you usually go to
hello ! my husband and five kids just returned home and want food .
i was born in spain and that is a super long trip ! you ?
neat ! i am a veterinarian , what do you do ?
do you ever listen to hip hop ? its my favorite music .
i like friends . do you like meat ? not me , that is why people call me a vegetarian .
you are silly . what else can you tell me about yourself ?
that is awesome . have you ever been before ?
what do you do for work ?
i was just wondering if you knew where i could find krav maga classes .
i do not know , but they need to be 3 miles from my home .
really ? because milena is my favorite mortal combat character !
she is great . she is why i always wear purple !
i keep rocks for when i am working in fast food .
they do smell nice , i eat them on my three mile walk home at night .
its just because i am looking for krav maga classes .
thanks , enjoy your rocks and dragonball !
hey , there ! how are you ?
acquiring language and writing language are two different and difficult tasks
my name is jane . my dad learned french when he was employed by ge .
no , not wealthy , sadly . aspiring songstress and tennis player .
lyrics are as close to poetry as you can get . have you ever written poems about color ?
what is your favorite color ? mine is green . . . like a tennis ball .
interesting response . spoken like a true poet !
hello how are you . do you like jazz ?
laugh . reality bites ! at the factory , i get all drama i need .
wow ! what city ? close to seattle by any chance ?
bicycles must be so useful there ? except in winter . or maybe not ?
winters are bad if you have to be outside . did you ?
boma . alabama , that is . cheap and hot . if that is agreeable .
hi there , how are you ?
i just got home from work . i work as a nurse in the hospital .
i am sure you have a good relationship . hope my kids continue to with me .
well i love the rolling stones if that says anything about me ! ! ? p
you like mexican food ? add that to the list , and i am your girl ! haha
what else do you enjoy ?
my kids love the beach , but i am sure you mean to relax right ? haha
oh ! i get that . i went through a lot of school training to be a nurse
hey how's it going ? hope you are doing well tonight !
i like going to music festivals and stuff like that . .
ahhh neat ! i started working with an online company . do a lot of market research
kansas , i live in the southern part of the state have most of my life
hey , my grandparents were from michigan ! they lived in the lower peninsula near oscoda .
well , sure , none of my friend call me by my birth name
hi there . how are you ?
oh . i am a vegetarian .
i live in south carolina .
i do not like cold !
oh . i love to read in my free time .
i love all harry potter books .
yeah i am . do you have kids ?
no , and i am single .
hi there , how are you ?
that is too bad . who is your team ?
i love bowling , it is so much fun
i like all seasons . why is spring your favorite ?
my favorite flowers are any blue ones . blue is my favorite color !
cool . i have a blue car , shoes , most of my clothes . . . lol
never tried fishing . is it easy ?
do you always catch something ?
hi how are you today ?
i am doing ok just got back from the library .
sometimes i like being alone so the library is perfect .
the usual romantic novels . i do not really like new things .
i have a hard time trusting people .
i have an especially hard time dealing with other women .
i can be very competitive and it makes it hard for us to get along .
what you need
you know plenty all ready . what you want to know .
ai caramba . i got the info on the game , you wanna know the pitch or what
sure , sure . 7th inning . 1 out , he throw all strikes
what ? then why you gamble with me ? i no know this climbing sport
man you crazy . fine we bet on cars . which race ?
hello ! i am a bookworm . who are you ?
wow , i have never met a ballet dancer before !
the walking dead . . . kinda gross , but keeps my interest . what about you ?
what is your favorite comedy ?
what are you busy with ? rehearsing your dance ?
i bet you are very fit . what diet are you on ? i am a vegetarian .
oh my ! how do you manage to stay in shape , then ?
well , harry potter is my favorite . i also like the game of thrones .
i am baking a cake that is chocolate for my grandson , my kids are coming over .
i am an older lady an i love to bake , how about you ?
cool , my children are 30 , 29 an 19 . you have any ?
not much other than bake i am retired in a retirement house .
i have more freedom then most location though i am so happy .
oh yea ? what part of the bible are you on now ? why cannot you retire ?
my favorite thing to bake is lasagna an bread sticks , all home made .
retirement is good , especially all the baking . come visit an have 1
hey hows it going today ?
sure after work i have a few cars to sell today
i certainly can i will even throw in a coors its my favorite beer
we could and maybe this weekend meet up for a game of basketball
that works do you have any kids ?
oh nice i been married few years she works at a salon
not really lol what are your other hobbies ?
i love hockey but my best friend transfer
i know you are but did you know that my mother is a painter ?
that is cool i love hockey
pizza in japan is so good i just went there
but i will start my school later this week
how old are you where did you come from ?
i am a brunette but my parents are asian
yes i know that i love to go somewhere
how are you doing today
i love coffee and reading
i like football at times
where do you rap at
that sounds so fun . how long ?
what do you do during winter
i like to read and write
how is your day treating you ?
i am great . just finished winterizing my garden and greenhouse .
it is a peaceful activity . all the way down to making compost .
self sustainability is a dying art . even making soap is uncommon .
it is a simple process . i learned through youtube .
is that so ? what type of content would you focus on ?
that could be exciting . are you able to edit videos ?
big into metal . one of my current favorites is black briar .
good afternoon , i just finished my lunch . shrimp and lobster . yum . how about you ?
oh fun , how old ?
cool . did they have a good summer ? i spend mine at lake michigan every year .
it is beautiful . amazing how a lake can be so big .
no . i live in the midwest . so other then your kids , what are your hobbies ?
wow . i play the sax in a jazz band and have a black belt in karate .
go find a class . we have moms at my dojo . started sax in 6th grade .
hi ! i love listening to justin bieber with my two sons .
that sounds like fun . i like horseback riding and camping with my family .
well i go camping with my family monthly so no drinking for us .
good luck with the test . my sons are too young for that .
that really is hard work .
haha we live in a mansion by the sea .
lol that must be a cute place to live
that is important for common folk . i love throwing money out .
i do not care how cold it gets i am getting me some ice cream , its comfort food .
no , i do not anymore . my dad got killed there . i just stay near a river fishing now .
i am neither . think i am in a bad space . just float the river with friend . you ?
yes i like to run . i ran my fastest at 1 mile in a minute .
i like fishing too
wrote any books ?
what kind of museums inspire you most ?
hello
i am good , just planning out my weekend . how about you ?
i love to ride my bike
i have never been , i would not want to go by myself
yeah maybe i do not know , i am kind of a loner
well i get used to it , i live alone . i work as an insurance salesman .
yeah it gets me by . wow yoga sounds like a fun job .
yes i agree all jobs do .
howdy . how are you doin ?
i am good . just takin a break from homework
i am tryin to get my bachelors as a veterinarian
i like to eat animals . lol i work as a vet for a slaughterhouse
that is great ! what else do you do for fun ?
bummer . you should eat more meat .
my dad told me the meat in the military is awful .
i think being a vet will be interesting for the future
hi how are you tonight ? i like to read
my favorite color is blue , i want to be a publisher what is your job interest ?
that is awesome red is a pretty color what do you like to do for fun ?
that is cool . . . . . i like to get authors to autograph books .
you sound like you do . do you like ketchup on your hotdog ?
that is cool sounds like a hard job . my mother got me interested in books .
that is cool . good job
sounds like you make alot of money
i am sure you do .
hi there , how is your night going ?
not too good . my sister is acting like my mom . keeps asking when i am getting married
i am sorry . my cat is crazy . i want to quit my job and stay home with her
me too , even though i have 5 pairs of the same pants , i still can't decide
i am full of clutter , still have a photo in my wallet from my senior year
i am sorry . i would go get you some allergy medication , but i hate waiting in line
maybe we should just quit our jobs and become roadies for justin bieber
sounds like a plan . get away from all the clutter
hey there hows it going
i am well about to go outside . what are you doing ?
yeah you just made my nose itch with all that
oh what do you read ? fiction non fiction ?
i started germs , guns , and steel by jared diamond a couple days ago . graham greene
i started reading it but felt like he was doing some reaching as far as correlations go
my car just broke down so i will not be driving soon either
hey , whats go on today ?
oops , going . are you talking about the hurricane ?
i live in kansas but have friends on the coast . watching the coverage with my cat .
i bet its stressful . do you have trouble sleeping ?
my problem is i wake myself up because i talk while sleeping , lol . my cat is lola .
yes , good luck out there . i am probably just going to make some tacos here at the house
thanks ! mexican food is my favorite especially tacos .
hello ! how are you ?
i am good , thank you . so , tell me about yourself !
i spend most of my time on the computer , do not get out much haha
both . work , play , good nights sleep , repeat !
i work in it . what are you studying in school ?
that sounds really neat ! have you always known you wanted to do that ?
hello how are you today ?
i am thank you for asking , want to come over and run with me ?
that sounds hard , just as hard as my wife leaving me
that must have been hard on you
i love cats , they are very nice
i like tattoos , hard to get them since i am a lawyer
no i have to look professional
it is if it trimmed
hi there , how are you ?
what you watching ? i watch a lot of tv . i am not very social
honestly , i like it all . i am not too productive unless i am at work
i work at a factory , you ?
how do you afford to eat ? i do not eat too well myself even though i work
ew i do not like those . what else do you enjoy
its not weird . what do you do for fun ?
well , as i am not too social , i do not do a lot
hi , how are you ? i am great ! i just got back from vacation !
nice , that sounds like fun . i am retired . i would love to do that .
i am an old fashion , married , bible thumper . i love god and his creations .
what do you write ? do you do sitcoms or screen plays ?
do you travel while filming ? i have a passion for exotic places .
i can not hold a toon . my wife says that even my mumming is tone deaf .
but , i still sing in the choir . i have what you call a church voice .
that sounds awesome . well , i am hungry . i wonder what the wife is cooking .
hi please stay on this chat with me only
i just got a job selling cars in five words tell me about yourself
i like pizza with meat and want meat on everything .
i did a painting of an opera scene once . what else do you do ?
i can not do that because i sell cars .
i am a chevy kind of guy
i have never traveled and see the world through pictures .
hello ! how are you ? i am sitting here with a towel on my head dyed my hair
its black now . so you are a runner ? i am a rock climber .
super fit ! are you dieting too ? wait ! my dog keeps jumping up to the keyboard
bounders his name . he does not like table food . probably cause i eat gluten free .
i am sorry . what kind of work did you do ?
something in common ! my stomach was ruined from eating cheese crackers for years no money !
yes and you take care . you will find another job . it is king now .
hi how are you today
eh why do you say that ?
i killed a lion once
no but i am a terrible artist
have you climbed mt everest ?
oh its okay i cry during movies
i cry during gone with the wind
this one i am just a sucker for that film
oh my pie smells awesome . i love making home made fresh pie .
nothing like fresh home made pie with ingredients from my own garden .
i am a grocery store cashier so i know all about being broke .
next year my garden will be bigger and i can make more fresh pie .
i have a car but i ride my bicycle to work because i cant afford gas .
i grow plenty of squash . i wish i could grow bananas but i am too far north .
sewing cheers me up . its just a odd hobby i picked up .
hello ! how are you doing ?
that is awesome ! what kind of music do you like ?
same . with my father being a middle school music teacher , i love music .
any grade in particular ? my baby sister is in the first grade !
oh , i also have a brother in the 4th grade . i am the oldest of four siblings .
stopped at my high school diploma , if that is what you mean .
its okay ! how tall are you ?
i am 5 3 . the shortest person in my family . and shorter than you now haha .
it is ! well , i have to go pick up my sister from school . nice chatting !
hey ! whats shakin and bakin ?
oh great band . just hanging out . have a few friends over .
i go to the casino often . i always end up gambling way too much .
i need to get into that . i just eat a lot . mainly shrimp
me too ! i prefer my seafood from new orleans . that is where my fam is from
yes . . mom is a lot of fun . she actually does palm readings .
i am sorry . that must be really tough
my in-law runs a big Hollywood studio
i hope he gets me a job in there lol
i do aquariums for work which is boring
my brother in law loves bass fishing in lakes
omg i do too
paul bunion am I talking to lol
beats my role model lol ! liberal Hollywood executive
hello ! how are you doing ?
fun ! where did you go to ?
what are you studying ? i am going to school to be a lawyer .
its okay . i have to tend bar on weekends too , so its a lot .
i enjoy blues and jazz , and collecting single malt scotch
what do you do for fun ?
that does sound like fun , whats your favorite place to go ?
i like canada too , i like the snow .
good afternoon how are you
i love ice cream and history
fun i would love to come
that is a big wedding for a dry wall guy
i have two siblings also
yes you kind of get shuffled around
well i am a nurse so there is that
that sounds interesting and fun
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work at the airport in cali
it is very stressful there
what city are you from ?
what is your fav food ?
good afternoon how are you today ?
lol why ? i play in a band
my dad is awesome he can fix cars
i have been working my job for awhile
i play instruments , i am in a band
aww that is nice i like that
lol yes i thought i was confused for a moment
yea i can see that i think
hi how are you tonight
i am good just readin my bible
i am older so i am now retired
mainly praying and reading the bible you ?
that is interesting i would love to read some of your work
it could happen never stop trying
i like fish and wine how about you
hi . i am jean . a professional painter
nice to meet you too . what do you do ?
that sounds good . i am married but my wife thinks i am lazy and poor
no i am not lazy . i paint very good pictures and iv even won a lottery
unfortunately i love her so much
great to meet you bobby
hello how are you doing
not really maybe go to the arcade
you should listen to linking park while driving , their music sucks but i listen
anything that relays an uplifting message , it helps my depression . how about you ?
that is cool . what has been your favorite destination so far ?
unfortunately not . i have not really done much of anything besides play arcade since i have graduated high school .
hi i recently finished college
i played basketball there , no i do not like cardigans
but messed my knee up and had have surgery
i aspire to play overseas , but i am not sure yet
about 2 months , but the scouts say i can cause i am 7ft tall
so how smart is your dad ?
so what is your real name
that does not sound like a very good father to me
hi how are you today ?
sounds yummy ! i am visiting with my best friend who lives out of town .
thank him for his service for me . do you have any siblings ?
yes , i have a younger sister . do you like sports ? hockey is my favorite .
lol it could be ! do you like to travel ?
i love the heat ! i just recently got back from bora bora .
lol right ! tell me more about you .
my friends and i hit the bars on the weekends . you go out ?
bacon , toast , olives and eggs are the bomb . you vegan ?
i farmed our land when i was little . you farm ?
my friends and i own the farms we grew up on . you sing ?
i own a condo . you rent ?
i swim to stay fit . you workout ?
i have a purple dog in my swimming pool . any pets ?
hi how are you today ?
good do you eat meat ?
i am a peta associate i frown upon you
but i admire animals so much
i guess for sport is alright but do not eat them that is gross
yeah its quite a desert there
ello there mate hows it hanging ?
i am cherry as a plum and no buddy from australia
yeeeessss put that hard shell shrimp right there in er barbi
you got er mate ya like fast cars by chance ?
yes oh yes i love the high horsepower the vibrations get me so wet
yes all the time i am in this fancy fancy club we go weekly
i just park the little bugger out somewhere and fish right off er
sharks dodgy little cunts to catch but well worth it
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i work as a real estate agent
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
you do not know where you live ?
hi , how are you today ?
pretty good . was driving around in my hot pink moped earlier .
nice , i am into nail art . i tend to have really long nails .
wow ! i never was brave enough , i do not even like wearing make up .
do you have a favorite color ?
i love bright colors , my favorite is orange though
i have one dog , what about you ?
they must keep you busy . do you work ?
hey there how are you
so i just dyed my hair blond and thought i would chat a bit
listening to news a woman was attacked i worry about where i park
its a new area i live
the parking lot has like a ton of food trucks during the day
i am in michigan now getting colder
my brother used to drive me all the time he raised me
hey there , how are ya ?
same here , just hanging out
yeah , man , you sound a lot like me !
food is fuel dude ! i usually grab something on the way to the skate park .
yeah , that is cool . pets are a big commitment
i saw a bulldog that could skate once . it was sick .
there was a tv show about it with a bulldog and a mini horse lol
yeah you know people think skaters have no future but we do
hello , what do you have going on today ?
are you out fishing ? because i love fishing !
very cool , how far away is your cabin from you ?
how many grandsons do you have ?
i hope i get that many from all 5 of my children someday
what do you do for work ?
hello there ! how are you tonight
not too bad glad to be done working ! bu ?
oh ? what kind of work do you do ?
oh wow . . . do not laugh . . . i work for scrubway
i bet the benefits of that are awesome lol i love pizza
i love trying new things . . i get bored easily
there is no reason not to try anything that interests you ! all about the yolo
hi names pete and i came back from my trip to london
i am from montgomery county pennsylvania
no siblings but grew up extremely religious
wow that is debilitating . i get agitated easily i hate that part of me
i hate the taste of green beans . . it is so gross
there is a french style ?
hmm . . yeah no thanks . d
hey . what are you doing ?
cooking and cleaning . i feel like that is all i ever do .
cartoons ? what kind of cartoons if you do not mind me asking .
i like studio ghibli too . very great storytelling
me too . we could be good friends .
i live in the southern part of the united states . how about yourself ?
haha . boil em mash em stick in a stew !
hello there , how are you today ?
i am exhausted , just got back in from walmart .
well i shop for everything over there . what kind of dogs do you have ?
i have a german shepherd , he loves to play in the snow here . I wish I could travel to Alaska and experience the snowy winters with my dogs.
i am from alaska . i am a huge tv nerd . game of thrones is my fav !
all day i dream about . . . worn lol
i was just here waiting to go to starbucks .
well , i love little figurines , so i try to collect them there .
veggies are good , on the weekends i like to find them at antique stores !
well after this is over , i am going to subway , cause its my favorite !
jersey mikes is good . do they sell little figurines ?
i do not know because on weekends , i am just always at antique stores .
drawing is fun , i just drew a subway sub for my dog .
hey . how are you doing ?
nice . i live near the gulf of mexico . i would like to fish more .
that is cool . so do you work ? are you enjoying your weekend ?
cool ! what did you do before you retired ?
good for you . i know a little about the industry . i read up on renewable energy .
five ? wow you must be a very proud grandparent . i have one boy .
aw . so sweet . i love taking pictures .
my mom does my makeup on the daily .
does that really concern you ?
oh . i guess maybe . will you get me a dog ?
any kind . i am not picky
sometimes i go out and listen to my neighbors talk , and look at their cats
i love listening to them when they argue
yes i think it does . do you love me ?
hi ! how are you ? whats your favorite movie ?
mike is magic mike ! you seem into music . i sing and enjoy it .
how about video games ? do you like those ? i do .
what do you do and do you like it ? i teach and i like it .
oh , nice ! where are you now ? i am in new york .
fair enough ! if you were not there , where would you like to be ?
hey , how are you today ?
school work for college . i am a excellent student
i do not blame you . i can not wait to graduate in two years
my parents are no longer together . but they both help me have nice things .
i do . it helps me have a lot of friends
it takes time . i am glad my parents helped pay for half
yeah most of my life . what are you doing while you're out of school ?
do you want to make me some beef ?
i have entirely too many gfs . i might go home .
i guess i will stay and eat them
i just usually ride horses .
that is cool , i bet i know more than you
no . i do not want to be reminded of argentina
yes i am . my boots are from there too
do you like to eat meat ?
hi how are you today
do you believe about karma ?
do you like to read ?
do you have any pets ?
sounds kinda fishy to me
i would read a book about that
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am doing well . not too happy about the weekend ending though .
i am a stay at home mom . i have a child with a single ventricle who requires a nurse .
thank you . she is approaching her first birthday so i am really excited about that !
that would be great . do you have a website or fb page ?
okay . that sounds like a plan .
i thought about nursing years ago . do you work 12 hour shifts ?
how are you doing today
do you have a lot of friends
are you on a swim team
what do you do for exercise
what do you like to eat
i love food as well .
i love animals a lot
i have two dogs and a cat
hi there . how are you today ?
oh , i have been playing the guitar .
oh . i want to be in a band .
i am not sure . are you in a relationship ?
oh , have fun . my wife and i went out last night .
yeah , we do too . italian is our favorite .
of course it should ! i work in a factory . you ?
yeah and that is the main thing .
hello , how are you doing tonight ?
i am good , getting a little tired though .
i spend most of my mornings wishing i could still be sleeping
i love mine too , and thankfully i do not need to get up super early tomorrow .
i do like getting out and going to new places though , like trips .
nowhere specific , just new experiences , day trips or something .
photography , i like watching videos of different things , like surgery , pranks , paranormal .
hi how are you today
what made that happen to ya ?
well that is sad . can you smell me ?
i always smell of french fries ugh
very nice but its from my bad job
i work in fast food obviously . stupid fries
anything but math i am terrible
yeah seems like my brain is fried
hey i love me some pizza
oh do you skateboard ? i do
what school do you go to ? i am in twelfth grade
i am just a typical blonde
i really like to knit
i really like to paint also
wowwww me too , for the ren fest
hi how are you today ?
i just got off work at the pizza joint so i am ready to party ! !
awesome ! ! ! do you go to school ?
i am a business major right now and so over it . rather be by the beach .
wow that is awful . why ?
where do you work at ?
i am just part-time at the pizza joint .
yes it has been ! we need to party soon !
hi , do you want to listen to the rolling stones with me ?
great , just come to chicago .
i could go shopping with you ? if you want .
how tall are you ? do you know ?
oh . wow . i am about 7 feet tall .
thank you . i was scared you would hate me .
get a cute tiny baby puppy
hi , how are you today ?
i just got back from work , i work at a insurance place , it is boring .
are u single ? i am divorced and looking to mingle .
i am a bowler and professional one and i have two kids and you ?
i have a boy and girl , really i like guitar , for how long have you played ?
nice , i have been bowling now for about 5 years
i can not sing at all , when i sing my dog howls with me
what do you do for fun these days ?
i love dogs and treat all kinds of animals at work . so you are married ?
you will find the right person , maybe third times the charm . do you run ?
a fellow coffee enthusiast . both my nephews see me as the queen of coffee .
not married , i spend a lot of time with my nephews since their dad is deployed .
you read my mind ! i am also looking for a running partner .
i drink so much of it that i need a way to relax , running is the key .
sure , bring him along . what his name . . . . or her name ?
the army brats ? tommy and gunner .
there is plenty of time for you . they are 8 and 10 . love them to bits .
we are into the fourth month and get to video chat every week .
my one and only brother , yes . he helped me get through veterinarian school .
a man brought his pet wolverine in once , i nearly died .
hello ! how are you today ?
nothing much , just putting my 2 kids to sleep . do you meet with friends often ?
sounds fun . do you like basketball ? i love it but i am so short
so what do you like to play
ah i see . what are your favorite foods ? anything you hate ?
i have a strong dislike for tomatoes , but other than that i like mostly everything
just raising my 2 kids as a stay at home mom . hoping they become great adults .
hey want to go see the new jazz concert tonight ?
i cannot remember the name but it is down the street from my work .
too busy working on wall street to find out , just heard it was good
sure . mind if we bring my poodle . you remember nanette ?
yes , he is . do you have a pet ? i forgot ?
they can come too . the more the merrier .
hello how are you this fine evening
you are a farmer ? cows make me sing songs lol
that is cool i see cows all the time when i am walking on hot days
i love listening to the lumineers lol
roses are red violets are blue these secret chats suck just like you
oh ya teach me what how not to hook up cow patties
sick sick where are you at again
good morning , i am erika . how are you ?
hey same here ! i start my new job selling cars tomorrow . what do you do ?
its an exciting job ! grill cook mmmm my favorite food group is meat lol
wow sounds ambitious . . exciting what are your other hobbies ?
i love painting pictures , i run also . do you run races ?
i could try lol . i prefer landscapes locations . but love tryin new things
can be eating pizza ? its also my favorite haha
yes extra cheese and thick crust . omg is it dinner time yet ? !
hi . how are you ?
bored . but if i go anywhere i have to walk because i never learned to drive .
that is no good . i am deaf so it limits me to what i can do .
i read books for a living . it is pretty awesome . you ?
a cluttered space is a cluttered mind . i itch my nose . its fun . haha
i have a 15 year old daughter . but no other family .
yes . she is a miniature me . my life .
she is an angel . makes me not feel worthless . so yeah she does .
hello there ? how are you doing today ?
haha that is good to hear ! just stressed with school haha
haha wow thanks , i feel better already !
haha sounds like the breakfast of champions !
haha what do you do for a living ?
hows working at a dealership ? my parents are both doctors
that is true . balance is key ! its hard for me because school is so stressful, I wish I could pursue acting as a full-time career.
you are right ! i always wanted to do impromptu acting . i will join a club ! thanks !
hello , how are you doing today ?
nice . . very dramatic . i bet they feel the need to scream into pillows sometimes too
i play piano and guitar . i use art to express my emotions, but I wish I could connect with people through music like you do.
well , music is art and it helps me when i cannot connect with people
i am not big into schedules . my mom homeschooled me growing up .
ah , smart cookie ! ! do you have any pets ? i am a big animal lover
wow , you might love animals more than me . i could not handle that many lol
ah i see , that would be so much fun ! i have a little maltese dog
hey how is your evening going ? i am tire . i just got done playing basketball
yeah i like sports . what do you like to read ?
do you have a big family ? i live with my grandparents and my cat , mater .
i like to cook with my grandma . our specialty is pizza ! she is great .
wow , sorry to hear you had a near death experience . family is important .
you need to be careful . my gpa and i almost got hit driving for ice cream .
sounds like you have your priorities straight .
i just take things as they come . i love my family and my life .
hi how are you today
oh wow it is raining here
i paint for a living
yeah i sell my art
anything that they want me to
i do not do you
do you want to have some ?
i love my son his 18
animals i love too , also dog walking 2x a week as a volunteer
no , his birthday is next month , petitions i sign a lot too spend a lot of time
yes , it is great , about animals rights groups , i also donate to them
that is great , its good to be busy
you inviting me to the concert ?
sounds great , you treating me ? that is so nice
i hate country music . you ?
wow , so sorry , i do not like it . what kind of vehicle do you drive ?
yea ! i love a ford ! how tall are you ?
i am almost that tall ! i love going out in my country outfit !
i have tall boots , that rock whether i like country or not !
i am from ny , but i live in ri
hi ! i am savannah ! how are you ? !
hmm . my husband is brunette , and when i design clothes my models are always brunette .
how about highlights ? that way its not too much of a change .
great idea ! so tell me a little about yourself .
i love fall too . my son plays football and i take him to games .
they are young still , but they do ok . i am pretty much a typical suburban mama .
five years this year !
oh thanks ! you will someday . its not that exciting . . .
hi how are you today
good where do you work
want to know something wild ?
i have been born with blindness
i am a dj on radio
then open it up yeah
i tried to drive once
hi tell me about yourself
that is very strange . lol
well good luck with that . i like to drink iced coffee
shrimp and lobster are my favorite
it would be but lobster iced latte is awesome
in lake michigan where i live
no but i love to play jazz in my band with saxophone
hello there , how are you today ?
i am good ! watching a sermon about healing the world .
i have never seen this before . i love watching people pray , it makes me feel good .
it sure can be . i wish it could help the poor more though .
i am a programmer . my dream is to save the world one app at a time .
i am making one now that wealthier people can bring food donations to designated useful areas .
so glad you agree ! what do you do ?
oh wow , that is commendable of you ! do you like it ?
hey there , how you doing ?
i am pretty good . you enjoying the weather ?
are you enjoying the weather ?
i like going shopping and watching tv
that is cool . do you have a favorite ?
um , i do not really have a favorite kind of food .
that is fun . do you have a favorite tv show ?
hi
any relationship advice ? i suck at keeping a bf
that is true i feel like i just pick the wrong guys
that is true what are your hobbies ?
that is interesting do you like sports
i love going to the gym to release stress
hey , tell me a little about you
cool . i am just in a rut right now .
miami florida , how about you ?
its terrible in certain parts
yeah and my girlfriend is not being too supportive
yep so i want to spend money on procedures and she wants to save for the storm
unfortunately not but she loves me and i love her lol
hi ! i am cooking as i do every night , what are you doing ?
soccer mom here ! family time is what i love . do you have a family ?
nice . what do you in your spare time ? i teach cheerleading .
when i am not teaching cheer i am working at home for an online company .
what are your passions ? mine is my family .
microbiology sounds cool ! fishing sounds fun too ! i love fish !
are you close with your dad ?
hi my name is renee tell me a little about yourself
i am not familiar with him . i am into ballet . i am a dancer
i have to do that too since i dance . i watch comedies in my spare time
ballet can be romantic too .
a lot of my time lately has been rehearsing for a show
i try to keep busy with dancing since it takes my mind off things
especially this month its the anniversary of my parents death
yeah it was a fatal car crash . they used to encourage my dancing
hi there , how are you doing ?
i am good . i am just chilling , sipping my pepsi .
haha ! i like pepsi , but chocolate chip cookies are tastier , and we are out of those !
i love it ! you should get them superman outfits ! superman is my favorite super hero
so cute ! i am sure they would love a ride in my toyota only car i will drive
i wonder what superman drives when he is not flying .
yeah . that would be nice to be able to just fly there . what else do you enjoy ?
which is your favorite ?
i cannot wait to get into the mountains this winter and get after that fresh pow .
why bother with rome ? that place is ancient history .
sounds like just another reason not to go ? you like winter sports ?
you must really have an eye for fashion . but surely you can do that anywhere .
huh . that sounds a little dishonest . i passed with flying colors on my harley .
i am not . i prefer an older vintage . were you ?
did you know him personally ? maybe you should revisit the trauma .
yeah , personally i think celebrities are un know able . you know what i mean ?
hey ! i am a total ocd perfectionist who has gone insane ! !
i have the tendency to redo tasks until it s perfect .
i would come into work early , and come out late .
exactly ! ! god i need to take a vacation and take a step back
nature isn t so bad , need to find time to take time off . working too much
it is , i am sorry , i have been venting so much . how is school ?
it s not only that my boss is up my butt about a project .
it s for marketing and management for this corporate client less than a week to do .
howdy , how are you today ?
oh , i live on a few acres . how about you ?
i am sorry you are sick . i will have my father lead a prayer for you .
i can not help , we are about to have a larger family .
i am about to pop . i need to go feed beauty soon . hay and oats
no , beauty is my mare . she lives in the barn .
that is often for medicine . i am glad i do not need medicine with my pregnancy .
good morning how are you today
i am great i love scotch
i am in college so i need my scotch
i study jazz and blues music
i wanna be a lawyer but i work at a bar
i am saving money too college is expensive
i live in a little house to save
hello how are you tonight
oh wow i like sunshine but like night more . where are you from
the mountains must be beautiful over there . i am on the east
what do you do for a living
it sounds like it . i work at a factory an hour and a half away from me
yeah but it was the only job i could get .
i build commercial planes i work the night shift . do you have any kids
that must be fun ! my daughter just had a son at only 20
another late night, I am a night owl, how about you?
sorry to hear that, I cope by watching sporting events.
i love cats and also like music like that of the group U2.
no special song I just like the mellow haunting tones.
everyone has their likes or not, my team lost tonight.
the Raptors and the Indians who lost tonight.
that is cool, another music group I like is the Rise Against.
nice what type of music do they play?
greetings friend . or should i say , bienvenido , because i can speak spanish
yeah ! i am so excited . what are you going to be for halloween ?
oooh fun ! i am going to be the lead singer from my favorite band , rush
oh ? why is that ? music has never made me hungry lol
haha . . . i do not have a job right now .
i attempt to see things that are colorful
lets do it ! whats your phone number
lol i wish i had a dog that loved me like that
hi there . just listening to micheal jackson thriller . . . what are you up to ?
a little . i am more into ghosts and supernatural stuff ? what else do you like ?
i help plan weddings . people are actually asking about the got wedding .
i know it . but i think it is the earlier nice one .
yeah ? i guess i have not seen enough . but people do like the ethos .
i did see a bit of that . weddings on that show ?
oh well maybe i should expect some requests about that to .
oh ok . which season ?
hi how are you doing
i like to play games with friends what about you
that is cool are you an art student ?
no i work in sales
i sell digital software
boring stuff but i love to play games
yummy do you make cookies a lot
hello . i just graduated from high school
sounds like a fun time . i do not eat meat .
that is nice . sounds like a good book .
that sounds like a whole lot of fun right there .
playing games online is a lot of fun to do .
apartment living can be rough sometimes .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a full-time student
do you like to cook ?
my mom does all the cooking
oh i am sorry to hear that
what city are you from ?
i have no idea what you're saying
hey man how is it going ?
i am doing great just enjoying life
i love communing with nature and just feelin it ya know .
i feel ya brother , so what do you do for work ?
i am sorry to here that you should take off and leave it all behind .
i do not have one , i do not let the man tie me down .
i feel ya brother , where is this land you want to buy ?
i here tennessee has some good cheap property
hi , how are you ? please tell me more about yourself !
i do , but i do not have any . my big passion is archery !
cool , another hobby of mine is riding my motorcycle , not a harley !
oh yes , i love music too . jess greenberg is my favorite . you ?
recently got a job cleaning gutters , that will help me pay for it
that is so cool ! I need to eat more meat , i eat too many carbs , lol
hello how is your day ? i been listening to jazz this morning .
fun ! i had a private lunch with will ferrell yesterday . it was amazing !
well i am in hollywood trying to be a male model and i won a contest !
nice and ty ! what do you do for a career ?
love subway . i have to watch my carbs a lot . any goals you have set ?
that is cool ! gl ! i beat cancer at 18 and decided to shoot for the stars
aw thank you so much that means a lot ! do you have a big family ?
hi ! have you ever broken a bone ? my arm broke once
well that is good . mine broke while downhill skiing in a race
interesting fact . did you ever find it ?
that is unfortunate . my family is great . they support my skiing
no probably not . he might be afraid of heights like me
haha does that happen often ?
wine is delicious . i have some at my hair salon
i get my hair dyed often to keep it a nice shade of brownish red
hello there . how are you today
i do ! i walk 3 miles a night with my dog .
ll . . . have you heard of krak maga ? trying to take classes .
milena is my inspiration from mortal combat . great workout as well
i do ! working in fast food , i need to cook more often
awesome ! what is your specialty in cooking ?
hi how are you today
where do you work at
i do a lot of baking
do you have a brother
yeah we are twins then
yeah we can be twins
nice do you like cookies
i am not very tall
hello ! how are you today ?
i am doing well . i just took my dogs for a run .
i like animals . my dogs love to ride in my convertibles .
i do not work currently . i saw ghosts at my old job and quit .
yes . i have seen them a lot of places .
that would be an interesting job ! ! !
it might be a little too scary though !
hello how are you ? john here
i am very well . just hanging out listening to some jazz .
me too i am such a romantic the victorian era , dolls , antiques you name it
wow my favorite is swan lake . do you like that one ?
that is really nice of them . family is super important .
it was really nice talking with you . i hope you enjoy your ballet !
do you have any other hobbies ?
wow , you must really be an expert then !
hi , how are you today ?
oh . i just got done walking my three dogs .
oh , how did that happen ? i am a physical therapist .
oh , i am sorry . do you have any kids ?
it has been a long time ! i have 2 kids .
i would love to have one more . wife says no .
my oldest is 14 and the other is 12 .
one is a girl . that is even worse lol .
hello how are you today ?
i am wonderful and cooking is good
yes that would make me happy
wow i enjoy fishing but never have time
yes and one day hope to slow down
that is cool . i want to retire soon
congrats to you . i hope you enjoy it
i love rap music . i blast rap music in my fast car . do you ?
what is your favorite song ? mine is california love by my favorite artist 2pac .
never heard of that . i only listen to rap . the street life chose me .
are you any good ? or would simon cowell like a word with you ?
i would have rapped at your talent show . i would have let it blow .
you just have to take the time to make it all rhyme .
i am the best rapper . they call me yung whipper snapper .
hello , how are you today ?
omg , i love you so much .
you are so awesome , seriously , let us be friends .
do you want to hear a lie ? ?
i think you are great . you are my best friend .
websters dictionary defines weddings as the fusing of two metals with a hot torch .
i really have to get to work at my flower shop . oh hi doggy .
hey there ! hows it going tonight ?
oh wow ! good luck ! yep ! i am married with kids ! hubby stays home with them .
congrats ! are you having a girl or boy ?
you can name her taylor after my favorite singer ! lol swift
no way ! ! ! haha did you get it ?
i work at a beer place ! we distribute different brands !
haha , umm . . . i would say my husband likes it more than i do . he gets the benefits
whew . with kids , when is there time for fun ? lol you ?
hi . my 3 closest friends and i are playing donkey kong . how about you ?
i love makeup ! being a 14-year-old girl i am still learning .
never heard of it . i adore video games and swimming .
nice . red is my favorite color , i hope to have a red corvette one day .
i have been looking into race cars . sports cars are my favorite .
my mother and grandparents do not like me wearing . i live with them ,
sweet . those are great . do you work in the theater applying makeup ?
how cool . i hope to be famous one day . a famous race car driver .
hello , how are you doing , today ?
i am doing okay as well . what are you planning for today ?
what kind of work do you do ?
oh , i am sorry to hear about your accidents . are you okay , now ?
i agree and sometimes they are taken for granted .
i think that we all need fresh air .
what kind of tv do you like to watch ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
that must be really nice
i am a fitness instructor at the gym
what do you mean you love cheer ?
oh i get yah . how many kids ?
hi , i just came back from hunting .
how are you doing today ?
i am going to have dinner , it is mexican food tonight .
i never eat seafood , i do not like it .
i grew up in the south so i love mexican food .
how strong are you , can you lift a truck ?
how strong are you , can you lift a truck ?
good evening . how are you ?
i hear you . being pregnant is killer on the knees .
thank you . it is hard when you own a horse . her name is beauty .
right on ! we live out in the country so we have lots of birds .
wild birds . blue jays , doves , crows
my husband who is deployed in the army loves birds .
i do but he is due to come back soon .
i do . top 40 , alternative , swing .
hey there stranger ! how is life ?
ya i am trying to lose weight to help out my knees , but i hate the diet .
ya , sometimes the lifestyle has to change if you want to do certain things
animals . got 3 of my own and i love fostering others . how about you ?
that is fantastic . we need more people like you .
i think my soul is young but my knees say otherwise !
hi ! how are you today ?
what are you practicing for ?
oh , cool . what do you do for a living ?
really ? i love burgers ! can you give me free burgers ?
i need them so i can get the itis to sleep 8 hours ! will you share ?
it is when you eat a lot and get sleepy .
it is not . i like to eat .
i go running so i do not get fat .
hi ! how are you ? what do you like to do on the weekend ?
very nice ! me i like visiting the casino during the weekend .
what do you do ? i earn my casino money as a financial analyst for a brewery !
amazing ! in what field ? what do you do ?
ok ! my husband makes me happy married 6 years now ! what about you ?
oh , wow ! i bet they have driven you to drink . what do you like drinking ?
i have tried 35 kinds of beer so far easy , since i work at the brewery
hiya ! this is to . whats up ?
football ? i adore football . so glad i moved to miami so i can cheer on the fins !
do not like bread ? i love bread . does not jason mraz have a song about bread ?
do eat it ? my mom would be totally pissed if i did not at least try it
oh ? what kind of car ? i loved the truck bella drove in twilight
one day i would like to eat grasshoppers . they have tons of it c
hello tell me about yourself
i am a DJ , i am blind and i can't drive
i do ! i just hate using my cane to get around
i could that is a good idea
i live in California , near the beach
where do you live at or near ?
how's Pittsburgh weather down there ?
hello , how has your day been ?
i am a girl , and i know nothing about the guitar
i am deaf , no idea what a guitar sounds like
wow , they have no idea ?
hope you get a positive reaction from them .
i do . meeting new people is fun too
hello there ! how are you ?
i am doing quite well , thank you . what do you do for fun ?
do you find that fun ? ? i go to the movie theater once every other month .
that is fun ! i just have a dog , no kids .
i am sorry to hear about your husband ! being a single mom must be tough .
i like to decorate my new home in california , you ?
oh ! do you like it ?
i always get my dog a biscuit on my way home he loves it !
hi . how is your evening ?
fun . my youngest sister just had her first grade choir program . so cute !
songs about fall mostly and the leaves falling . do you have siblings ?
no pets . i am the oldest of several kids , cats would make my house crazy .
congrats ! what is your new job ?
sounds like it . i still live at home . dad teaches seventh grade .
no . he is not my teacher . whew ! i do not travel much . do you ?
sounds like the movie , planes , trains , and automobiles . lol .
do you like soda to drink
i like water too , sometimes . do you have a job ?
i work at an architect firm , i get paid to draw .
yes , hiking the great outdoors .
i wish i had a green thumb , here in ga the clay is hard to grow in
i went to college , berea in ky
architect and a double in education
it can be challenging , i am trying to talk my son into the navy
hi ! !
pretty good . taking a break from my job . you ?
whats the procedure ? i am a paramedic
sorry to hear that . do you talk to your mom about it ?
i bet its tough . we get patients like that every day .
that is nice . i love my mom we talk every day .
do you want to come sing some katy perry with me ?
at my work . at a store .
i work at a thrift shop .
a really long time now .
in a city . we could be bffs , drink diet coke together .
you can move in with me .
yeah , i want someone to go shopping with me .
hello
what do you do for a living
i am a pediatrician, if only I had pursued a career in medicine like you.
and have two children
that is a lot
can you afford it
hello , what do you like to do for fun ?
nice ! i love hiking . it is my passion . do you have any siblings ?
yup , i have 3 siblings . it was a full house growing up .
it sure was . do you like to travel ? i have never left the country , myself .
that sounds like a worthwhile investment . what do you do for work ?
wow , that must be a lot of work . i mainly just do odd jobs here and there .
that is a good plan . do you plan on getting married and having kids ?
none yet , but i would definitely like to have a smaller home than i did growing up .
good morning sir or madam , how are you today ?
i love science and the outdoors ! whats the topic
oh wow ! i make videos for discovery channel
everything really , plants , animals , ecosystems . i am a savage .
well , if its about nature . what do you read ?
orwell ? oh goodness , seems to be our newest reality
hey how are you doing tonight ?
nothing just packing up for our monthly camping trip .
just a campsite in the mountains not too far from our house .
tent . i hope the weather is good so we can horseback ride . i love it !
even though i am a mom of two boys i love justin bieber . could you make him ?
that is cool ! do you like magic ?
i did not even know he wrote a book . i will have to read it .
do you perform magic at all ?
hii how are you doing to night ?
i work in pizza shop . what about you ?
oh ! what is your hobbies ?
oh ok i love animal very much i have one dog
oh ! what are you doing in free time ?
do you like pizza ? what is your favourite dish ?
that is cool you do not like pizza ?
hello how are you today ?
oh no ! glad to hear you are better
i understand , i have bad allergies and living in a rural area does not help
where i work we could use some people who are six feet tall
at amazon we always need good runners
great , they have good work life balance
i love playing with my kids
hey how has your day been ?
i see . you can enjoy the rain while it lasts
hope the rain stops so i have dry land to always run 6 miles daily
that is a good suggestion but i love the sun and think of seeing dragons lol
dragons as in the dangerous animal dragon
it's a myth though . i love flying model planes too
oh great . i will love to see some of your drawings
you can start drawing for kayak you know . like them
hi how are you today
do you listen to jazz too
oh are you a romantic
i own lots of dolls neither of those
nice do you have antiques
yeah get some from antique stores i love it
oh i bet i go there lots
yeah what else do you like
hello , how are you this evening ?
that sounds wonderful , i was reading after my grandchildren left , and now talking to you !
well , we have had to move around a lot since my husband was in the military
i wish i could have moved around more as a younger woman
with my 4 children and all my grandchildren , we cannot move around now and abandon them .
senior citizens do not make much money to travel , my savings are pretty low
yeah , but the grandchildren make life worth while
are you married at all ?
hello how are you doing today ?
sorry to hear that . . . i am well . . . i am going to class in a little
writing , i want to be a political journalist for people to help people understand politics
i like to write but about far away places not yet seen by the human eye . . . corny ?
all kinds . . . . . how can someone choose ? the only not so hot is pecan
ahahah ! i have heard this before . . . can this really be true this time ?
hello , hows your day going
wow really ? my dad drove a taxi cab in the 70s but we never had a ferrari !
is that how you afforded the ferraris ?
i was on the local news once , but i did not break the law . it was mundane
what ? that is not good ! ! you might wind up on the news yourself
well i have been to canada twice , hows that for fun ? have you been ?
was he in any famous movies
gosh i am sorry . i guess they are not for everyone
hello how are you this morning ?
not too bad , do you have any hobbies ?
haha , the system tells me that i have to type i am
so running is fun . i am into stamp collecting .
thousands . what kind of music do you listen to ?
same , in particular huge beatles fan . sort of a cliche i suppose .
do you play an instrument ?
i dabble with the bass but nothing serious , never liked to practice
hello . how are you doing today ?
i am well . just got in from some rollerblading .
yes i do . it is fun and is great exercise . what about you ?
that is great . i love eating fresh veggies .
absolutely . have you ever been to a hockey game ?
you should . they are exciting to watch . pretty much my favorite sport .
i have the same problem , so i keep my head shaved . ever considered that ?
hello there how are you ?
i got to go to my favorite restaurant subway so it was great !
the lake is great ! do you have any pets ?
i actually just have one cat , kibbles .
i work in an office , very boring . how about you ?
what kind of adventures do you go on ?
hey . whats going on tonight ?
work work work . . ll you know , the grind !
working as a paralegal for my folks . they have a law firm together .
its ok . just too hot here in texas . wish winter would come soon
no . . it was harvey that hit hit here . but 100 miles south of me . thank god !
only 2 years . nice thing is lots of beaches . what do you do ?
much respect ! you should vacation here in texas , your kids will love the waterparks
water snake in amarillo . i would go , but i hate wearing swimsuits . i am too fat lol
i know how you feel ! you should go anyway !
hi . how are you doing ?
i am good , too . getting things ready for our football party tomorrow . any big plans ?
football parties are great ! thankful to god that we are blessed enough to have such entertainment !
the raiders , usually . i am the only one in my office who likes them . you ?
what type of office ?
nice ! i am not great with computers . . . more of a book girl myself .
i work in a publishing building , mostly magazines and such .
sometimes , but it is fast paced , which is fun . what do you do for fun ?
hi . i sometimes freeze when i socialize . i hope we can have a good conversation
hi person two . you have such a lovely name , person two
lol ! do you think it is strange to feel like you have been through life before ?
do you play any sports ?
lol . it sounds like you live in a busy area . what city do you live in ?
lol . i am a freelance accountant . what do you do for a living
i was diagnosed in college with mild ocd because i cleaned everyone and their books everyday
lol . do you make much money online ?
this storm messed everything up . my workplace is underwater rn .
houston . well i was lol i am with my bf in australia rn, I wish I could bring my dog with me to Australia, but he's not a fan of long flights.
no i am not just staying with my bf . are you ?
that is awsome what subject are you teaching ?
yeah you are going to need to work on that !
i am more of a rap person . you ?
hello . how are you ?
is that your hobby ? me , i like to garden .
mostly flowers . keeps me busy since my husband past .
thanks . but i have my family . we have dinner on saturdays .
what kind of lessons ? music ?
desserts are my specialty . anything to go with coffee my addiction !
me too . been cooking for 50 of my 77 years on earth .
hello , how are you doing ?
same , i just got off the phone with my sister .
she is trying to talk me into marriage not that she will have the baby
my sister is pregnant , she wants me to ask jess to get married
worn , whatever . i think i am gonna quit my job to be a roadie for justin bieber
right ? i own five pairs of those exclusive bieber rhinestone jeans . same exact pants , 5 pairs !
hi ! how are you this fine day ?
cool ! how fast does it go ?
i bet my autistic children would love your mustangs
yes they love music . what do you play ?
the world does need a big ole bandaid
i have not danced in decades
i bet they would covet my dancing abilities
hello ? i am trying to chat with my grandson or my one daughter . are you them ? ? ?
hello . i am a 77 yr old retired computer programer , but still cant figure out chat rooms apparently
yeah , i love my family and animals . and chatting . where u at ? male or female ?
oh no , what did you did to your knee . i like ganga rap myself
yes , its a good place to meet some single and ready to mingle widows
i am in alaska , how about u ? any pets ?
hi my name is aubrey how are you
sadly yes not many men understand my home life
my home is in the water literally hence most men distaste
outside orlando my full service salon is within walking distance
your nice i got married and divorced in the same year
he showed true colors being mad i do sick kids hair for free
if your okay with the color purple i dye my hair for the cancer race
hey yo . what up up up
wow , that sounds so fun !
oh wow ! i deal blackjack
yes ! except when people beat eachother up
yeah , it is brutal . full on ufc up in here
nice ! how old are you ? i have a bunch of kids
17 rocks . have fun while you can
i am becoming a casino manager
are you busy tomorrow ?
oh ok , i need a model to finish my photography portfolio
i am a photographer
no but i want to , my dream is to take pictures of my travels
really ? you still going to try ?
maybe you can be in my music video
i am working on a new quilt for my grandchildren .
is that what you do for work ?
i appreciate all colors . i use so many when quilting .
i have a craving for a calzone at the moment .
my grandchildren adore pickles almost as much as i adore them .
what type of music do you enjoy ?
i also really enjoy classical .
i use one a lot in my job as a pharmacist .
hello there how's your day going
i am actually between classes, i teach high school
what's your degree in? i teach math
oh, that is great! one of my two kids is in kindergarten
they are! i love it too. do you do any volunteer work?
well, that will keep you busy! i am married but I remember all the dating
hey , how are you today
i am feeling great ! my alpacas are all happy
i have ten of them !
maybe . . . so i can get more pets
yea , they are very soft . what is your favorite pet
you now know me though d
o do not rob me . or i will get triggered .
hello ! how are you ?
going hiking , woo hoo ! you ?
oh that sounds nice . do you ever take them hiking ?
there are easy trails you could enjoy . nice flat ones .
gardening is lovely . its not for me , though .
i got tangled up in some cactus once while hiking . thankfully i just got new boots .
hello ! how are you this morning ?
good . google help with meeting person
english . at school . me from tokyo now los angeles . big actor someday
yes ! yes ! it bad not all time . titi my dog help . walk her on day .
small call boxer . brown pretty . do you got dog ?
oh nice nice . you work too like me
hey what are you up to today ?
oh good for you lol . just getting ready to eat out lunch with my family
i like hiking but love nice long country drives
it can be , if you do not know your limits lol . i stick to seeing movies in theatres
that is a great choice . gambling can tear families apart
i chat my family online , they all have limited phone minutes
yes it is more personable . do you travel ?
howdy , how is your day
good just spending time with the family
i have a 4 year old boy
i went to school i stanford , but i play professional soccer
that is awesome , do you love it ?
oh okay , what you choose is great as long as you love or like doing it
oh i love it but ready to retire , its a lot of abuse on the body
i have no choice with this profession but i love it so
can i play some piano for you ?
no , but i could learn some
i mean , i guess . i also paddle board .
i drive to work and that is it
i could be your friend . you could come to my new house
i am buying one soon . i hope i love it
i hope you would love it too .
would you want to move in ?
hi , i love to be scary
i do not really know . la la la
oh nice ! i like concerts
no , i watch them on my roof
i live for cheapness . it is stellar
i just started running . . . i am not good
30 seconds every 3 minutes . lol . not good
running and animals are what i like
hello , i am a traveling encyclopedia salesman , do you want some ?
no , i like the nfl . i saw peyton manning at the grocery store , once .
that is cool , i do part-time work at a gas station .
yes , i like it and no, I am not married , are you ?
nice . my goal is to be the world's best encyclopedia salesman , marriage gets in the way .
i know lol . i also do rock climbing and marconi art . , what are your hobbies .
what type of music you play ?
hi ! how are you doing ?
i am doing pretty well . ca not complain
oh yum ! what kind ? i am not up to much . just listening to some music
oh nice that sounds really good . i am listening to classic rock
oh really that is so cool ! what do you do ?
i gotcha . traveling sounds fun
Hello there! How are you tonight?
Not too bad. Just got done playing with my parrot.
Awe! Are you married with any kids?
Oh really? Where did you go away to?
Wonderful! I am going to the beach next week. Never been there! You?
How awesome! Have any hobbies?
how are you doing tonight ?
oh no that s not good , are they abusive ?
have you called the police ?
snitches get stitches ! i m sorry you have to deal with that .
yeah i can imagine , ever thought about moving ?
you are a strong person caring for her .
it can be tough for both sides .
i work full time and have 2 kids .
you too ! i wish you the best .
hi , how are you today ?
nice how is business ?
oh , i am currently unemployed and my husband has died leaving me widowed .
i like to socialize with others
really ? that sounds amazing , how is it ?
nice my parents are currently divorced
a ford focus , very menial car
nice i have saved a lot of money with my focus
hello how are you today ?
doing well just watching the cubs play , do you enjoy baseball ?
where is your favorite place to travel ?
i like to go for drives in my new corvette
yes it is a great time for bonding and talk about politics
what kind of art projects do you like to do ?
enjoy it enough to open your own company to do it for a job ?
to put my mind at ease i work on local political campaigns
hi , are you good at math ? i am horrible at it .
aw man , do you like french fries ?
i like tofu but i eat french fries more often .
yes , what kind of music do you like ?
nice , i just got a muse sweater , it does not fit me though .
tell me about it , i eat so many french fries that i smell like them .
i would tell you how much but i am really bad at math .
hi , how are you today ?
really well ! i just started working online today
yes , it is a reviewing site for guitar players
i do . in fact i used to travel the us playing with my band
mostly rock , some country just like my favorite band story so far
awesome . who is your favorite artist ?
nice . i should expand my horizons to rap too
hello ! ! cat lover here ? what pet do you have ?
hmm , my favorite is coffee with anything ll . i work at a cafe .
my mom , the nurse , taught me not to eat fried foods . but bring on the chocolate ! !
i have 6 brothers and 4 sisters which is why i appreciate my solitude ll
just give me some fabric and my machine and i am good .
me too . i love learning new sewing techniques to make cat costumes .
my waitressing job is the only thing keeping me from sewing 24 7 ll .
hi i am vegan and i got two cats .
my favorite is strawberries with honey .
race my car to the beach is where i love to go .
where do you work ? i work for a veterinary office in texas .
super sweet i cant eat meat gets me bloated . is your brother vegan ?
do you have any pets ?
do you also take in cats ? my cats name is strawberries .
also got one named peach .
wanna read a funny joke ?
no , but that sounds funny . i will add that to my rep .
that is heavenly . i will drink my cuba libre to that one .
in my little town when i live , all dogs drink cuba libre . its good for them .
last night gig at the theatre had numerous drunk doggies . it was wonderful .
woof woof i will have another !
hi how are you today
i am from california, and i wish i could travel to California someday to experience the sunny weather.
i do not really have spare time i always work never have bill money
that is awesome and relaxing at times . maybe a bus can take me there
i am a senior citizen so i do not drive anymore
it sounds like you work out a lot
i love the color yellow i even painted one of my rooms that color
yeah it does . my side job is babysitting for a neighbor
hey , whos chatting with me ? i am just hanging out on the couch watchin tv
no problem . i am gonna meet some friends to do some gaming later . where you flying ?
cool , i do not think i could do that army
i need to get a job . no one will hire me my hair is colorful
awesome i like that scene .
mine is blue and orange !
hello , how are you tonight ?
i hear that i volunteer as a firefighter
which do you prefer ? i am opening a grocery store
sounds great . i still live at home , trying to move out .
guitar is wonderful . do you like to travel ?
me too , i am actually colorblind . there is a lot i cant see
serious enough i miss out on seeing colors people enjoy
that is okay , i am happy anyway .
hi . i am not much for small talk . asperger is that way i guess .
that sounds fun . i hope you meant it . i am a literal sort of gal .
i will remember that . my memory is sharp .
sometimes i do . how about you ?
you like to write ? what do you write ?
you could probably publish a book about your experience .
possibly . writing is a great profession . many like it .
hello , just got off a shift at the punkrock club . whats your evening been like ?
i am prefering the quiet of being home now . what do you do ?
worst part of having a party . the cleanup .
watching anything while you clean or just chatting here ?
i love scobby doo . ever seen that one ?
me , i like the stupid funny shows .
hello , how are you tonight ?
mine is purple , are you married ? i am , with one child
nice , i own a business and have been making 70 , 000 a year
i barely work , really . i am hiring but pay only minimum wage
you are probably right . i have a chihuahua . what kind of dog is yours ?
what color is he ? a poodle once hurt my dog . it was a black one
i love all dogs , i am sure yours is lovely
it must take a lot of strength
hi , there ! whats up ? here its foggy .
whats your favorite color ? mines red .
i wish i could fly like superman . i would go all over the world , even to other planets .
i would rather listen to music . my dad gave me some koss quadraphonic headphones .
wow ! unbelievable . he used to work at koss . has a big collection of all their models .
not really , just listening to music . oh , and i have already visited all the continents .
any favorite movies ? any good ones lately ?
hi ! i am gwyn . i am an author . how are you ?
cant complain , just drinking my favorite green tea . how are you ?
well , i am an author so i work at home
nah , not married . i stay at home and write stories in my backyard grass .
green , like green tea . whats yours ?
ahahah . what do you do for fun ?
the beach is fun . i like to run to clear my head .
mine is murky like green tea
hey how are you doing today
cool cool . is that what you do for a job ?
i am a circus juggler . I could maybe help you get a job doing that
i am not sure of many jobs that you can do from home .
i really like the color orange . it reminds me of sunsets . what about you ?
both of those are great colors . what do you do for fun ?
oh cool ! i like to go to the movies .
ballet dancers are so skinny
hi how are you today ?
where you moving to eh ?
oh yeah that creole charm
very nice . i am popular i can give tips
its alright . i do not like my parents and their divorce tho
yeah i get good grades but it was not enough
yeah maybe they will have Christmas together if i get all As
hey how is your day ?
it is going great just in my sunflower patch
they are the tallest you have seen i am sure of it , and i love novels .
do you have any children ?
i have 5 but 2 have passed away , no good .
i work in the church to try and be closer to them .
it does absolutely , we make lots of food in the pantry and i feel good .
he must be very smart to be a lawyer .
hello stranger , tell me a bit about yourself !
i rent a apartment in queens . what do you southerners do for fun ?
i play soccer to get away from the grind of finance . do you play any sports ?
whistling as i walk to work is about as musical as i get .
lol . . . i smoke my plants as medicine ! ; d
ou have to abide by those darn rules everywhere , i guess ! ; p
i hear ya ! i talk to strangers in the internet to kill time ! p
we live in the age of idiocracy !
hello , how is it going ?
what kind of truck do you drive ?
fun ! i love working out . how about you ?
my husband and i lived there back in the 70s .
my cousin is a cop . we visit them during christmas .
yes . my whole family is . it is sad we had to move away .
i can relate . my husband is military and we have moved a lot .
it is always good to take time to visit or go on vacation there .
hi , how are you and where are you from ?
i live in the east with my cat , jasper . do you have pets ?
ajaja . . i concur . i am a barista , what do you do ?
oh ok . sounds interesting . i am vegan , do you eat meat ?
mmmm salmon . orange just like my favorite color .
green is a nice color especially when holding my favorite flower , the rose .
i recently started a garden myself . i find it so relaxing .
hello how was your day ?
wow that sounds great what do you do ?
oh my that sounds like a lot of fun
oh sounds like a great life
i am in college i would like to go to a better school
yes that is a good idea , its too much yelling in the middle of the night
lol yes i know that is the problem i need to study
i work full time and i love blue
how about you ? i like blue
cool ! like to eat out ? i really do enjoy eating out .
really ? where is your favorite ?
yes they are with intimate outdoor settings i love nature
whats the name and location of your favorite place ?
hi there , i am katie and i am an athlete . how about you ?
i love pets and my most favorite is cat . how about you ?
i am a foodie and pizza is my favorite
good to know that . i am just graduated
and i do not like fighting with anyone .
did my masters in computers . what you doing ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
do yo have any pets ?
i do not have much of a green thumb
what kind of music are you into ?
i like pop rap and country
hi there how are you tonight ? i am wide awake
i have to work in the morning too i hope i get some sleep
i build robots . i keep to myself i like that
what do you do now ?
you must be good at drawing
i have to pack a lunch what should i take
i got some honeycrisp apples today
great idea i have to get some . thank you
hi how are you doing ?
i am a nurse at the hospital
what city are you from ?
have you ever been to Florida ?
does it get very humid ?
i am from Cali as well
hi how are you today
i am good do you work
do you work alone then
that is kind of them
no i move too much to work
my family has too , i have moved over forty times
yeah it is very difficult
sometimes . how tall are you
hey , can i sing to you ?
do you want to go hunting with me ?
are you married ? i am not .
i have some kids , do you want them ?
i will play you in basketball
that sounds fine . maybe we can get married
so ? if i move you will ?
hi there , how are you ?
i am so sorry ! would you like me to bring you dinner ? i love cooking
ok . are you allergic to cats ? because i have one . mr kj
saw him once in a different state . i move from state to state a lot
my husband does sales for work
no , just kj the cat , you have any pets ?
yes , you should definitely come over for dinner
hi ! did you see jimmy fallon last night ?
do you swim every day ?
i am trying to learn to cook . anything is doable right ?
oh my ! i am sure people notice that when you wear sandals .
i do . friends say my library is arranged well .
i could loan you some green dye . . .
i am sure i can locate it . my kitchen shelves are alphabetized .
i play the piano at a bar . what do you do ?
do you like high school ?
i am sorry people are mean . surfing helped me feel better .
yep . though i like country music . un lit . lol
lol . its an old time y bar . the food there is horrible though .
people think i make great tacos . ink if i would like your school's taco .
my family thinks my cooking is good . it takes practice . patients.
hi how are you today ?
i am doing ok . what do you do for a living
i work at a trauma unit as a nurse .
i live in utah with my husband and 5 kids
it is beautiful up here . what do you do for fun
i like to play classical music on my violin
that is cool she must be very talented and smart
hi , i am really really tired .
i am trying to get caught up on game of thrones
i am kind of nervous about it
it does not get very cold in alabama
my mom works at a store like that
will you maybe buy me some candy ?
the easter bunny if i am being honest . i saw him once
i have not ever thought about that . good thing walmart is on the ground
hey , how you doing today ?
that is so awesome , never give up , keep pushing
baby , i am right here in chicago , where you at ?
that is good , i am from memphis tennessee , but i moved here
you do not have to move to spain , you can actually teach English virtually
i say , do whatever makes you happy
i am not a fan of sports , but i love poetry , music , and supporting others
yeah i am , i love throwing parties
hello there . how are you today . . .
good . at my favorite spot , the library . they have a new system , i hate trying new things .
its a good place to be alone . i do not trust other people , i prefer solitude .
that is fun . ever play volleyball ? i get competitive with it , i have to beat the other women .
i am sure he is competitive , he has to beat the other boys , winning is most important .
eh , pizza requires other people . i prefer starbucks food so i can eat alone .
hi chicken feet . how are you
oh well see there ! mutant !
wow , that is nifty neat
i think the moon is fake
i am 982 , i think i am getting old
i cant keep my glasses clean
no , i used my toes, I wish I had more toes to help me clean my glasses
howdy there what a wonderful day it is
i have to clean after my 4 german shepherds
love dogs and convertible cars that is all i will buy
cool beans i created my own personal religion its so awesome
nice . i have seen ghost on several occasions on the beach must be their happy place too
i get that alot . when i look in the mirror i can see what they mean
oh ! i am peachy great popcorn
howdy , i am so tired of my mom living with me
she sucks at cooking , and i hate to cook at all
my hair is so long it falls into the pot of noodles
but my boyfriend who lives in italy can cook
i bet you like to cook ethnic food too do not you ?
not as much as i love video games , heheheheheh
oh no , you said paint , like windows paint , are you old ?
so i can see your nose hairs when i look up then
man , can you believe that summer is almost over ? it makes me sad .
who does not like christmas and thanksgiving ? but i miss chasing butterflies .
do your kids like super heroes ?
i think that the flash could totally beat superman in a race . no offense .
if you used magic in a race , that would be cheating !
other girls liked to wear dresses , but i liked pretending to be a superhero .
i liked running around like the flash . no way to do that in a dress !
do you go to a lot of her meets ?
hey there . how are you tonight ?
good . i have been watching south park .
i watch it every day . cracks me up .
try to make ends meet by working three jobs .
cool . have you heard of the band avenged sevenfold ?
some would call it hard rock .
one of the best ! what kind of music do you play ?
do you sing or play an instrument ?
how are you doing today
i was just doing some homework
why do you hate popcorn
i do not blame you
that must be very hard for you
do you do it for families
that was very nice of them
hey . how you today ? what are you up to ?
cool . i am an uber driver . i love the job and flexibility . i can drive for hours !
no , unless i would like to do some driving on holidays . do you like italian food ?
same problem . but my ex is from india . i cannot eat indian food now !
i drive a nissan . i bought it from a friend . i cannot live without my good friends !
no not yet . you are scaring me ll . i just bought this car a while ago
haha . i am not afraid of guns though . i am a gun owner myself .
ever travel outside the country ?
question . . . do you have a green thumb for gardening ?
sounds beautiful , i love traveling around the world .
yes i do . i am creative with my hands , i restore antique furniture .
i would love to see pictures , building things is fun .
sorry to hear that . . . i cannot think of what i would do without my parents .
do you play sports ? i play volleyball because i am so tall .
i am almost 6 feet tall , all limbs .
hi how are you today ? enjoying the weekend
i love cats and all animals . i have a lizard , bird , dog , and fish
yes , i am a vet and go to the shelters to help every chance i get
do you like to read ?
i like watching youtube to see animals do funny things
ll i can picture that now that is so funny !
tuna is pretty good .
my name is isabella how are you
i am originally from italy been in america since junior high
almost 28 my ex-husband is 30
yes one was after an Italian cook-off the band is called Train
i know my mom watches the voice i have to translate she do not speak very good
yes Cora in English that means brave and lady well cause she female
Cora is going on 5 lady is 8 months
well cora is like my son i had him since i was married
hello , how are you ! did you work today
i take care of people in the hospital
cool ! my husband liked to sleep too but we are divorced
i love shoes ! i need a new pair , my nursing shoes hot ruined in the er
what type of ergonomic things ?
oh cool , i love doctor pepper soda
i am glad you like your shoes
i hope my husband is all right , the kids are worried .
he is off with the dept fighting fires , on our kids birthday night !
that might cheer them up , we are going on for sushi moms fav haha .
they like firefighters and nurses , dad and mom respectively . cute kids 3
our kids , Jimmy and Sara , will surely love it ! thank you so much !
i am a nurse , passionate about helping others !
i drink iced tea while teaching in grade school . after that i go shopping
you should because my high school classmate married me .
i do not i do not like it
what is inside your house ?
how much do you eran fixing ?
wow that is too much i should do that also
what did you do on that show ?
you should study more before going there
hi . do you have a dog ?
i love mine . though we fight over who loves pizza more .
swimming . i grew up near the ocean in hawaii . you ?
i love running with my dogs .
i cannot do that . i even travel with them .
ok . do you travel much ?
hi how are you today ?
is that your job then ?
is that your job then ?
i usually just read and stuff . do you work ?
i do not it is sad times
just not having a job you see
i will dance my homeless dance then
hi , how are you , how is day ?
what is your favorite dish ?
all the best for searching job , i working in office
i like gaming what is your hobbies ?
i like green and blue color , what is your favorite color
i like indoor game , what is your favorite game ?
great , i am from ca , where are you from ?
i like very much ca , are you married ?
hello ! i am about to fix breakfast ! what you having ?
tea is okay . i am making bacon and eggs . yum
part time at mcdonalds . i am in college .
i do not know what i want to be right now . i just want to have fun .
i go to rock concerts a lot . is that a hobby ? writing is cool .
you sound very well educated . i usually just hang with friends and party .
not really . growing up on the farm did not leave time to read .
i spend time with family . we just moved across country for my college .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am getting my things together for school tomorrow . we have exams .
i am an art student , and i took a luck bath tonight . i should be okay .
i did , i am a vegetarian . do you like art ?
i love metal , and painting .
it does . not at this time .
that is horrible . i have an issue with my allergies tonight .
i have not found anything that truly provides relief .
hey there ! how are you today ?
i love listening to pink floyd !
i dream to own my own restaurant one day ! i am looking for additional employment .
i love to go running , get me pumping !
well , i love to eat , i can taste test for you !
you play the keys ? how cool ! favorite cuisine ?
hey there , how are you ?
i am doing well ! just watching a movie . what are you up to ?
that sounds nice . i mostly watch baseball myself . i also am a big cycler .
it definitely can be slow .
i do a lot of traveling and hiking . i also like to read .
dogs are such good hiking partners ! what kind of dog ?
so sweet . i cannot have a dog in my apartment , but I wish I could. If I weren't allergic to dogs, I would have one as a pet.
how long have you had him
hi how are you today
i am good do you like soccer ?
i want to live in london for the soccer
oh where do you work ?
cool i work with nike
yeah but i am their accountant _
yeah i will just money launder some to you its easy
hi ! how are you today ?
me too ! i work very hard and too much
i work in an office ! i need a vacation !
i enjoy anything other than working ! i am perfectionist so it takes me forever
do you travel at all ?
i do not . i work way too often .
i do . i like to listen to music and knit ! you ?
what is your favorite food ?
howdy , how is your day ?
i work a lot of hours so I can relate .
what do you do for fun ?
i am not into classical much , i love imagine dragons .
yea , where did you grow up ?
i grew up in texas , sadly hurricanes for both of us .
is that where you work ?
hey , how are you this evening ?
good . just relaxing and getting ready to dive into a good book .
right now i am reading enders game . a life guard , that is an interesting job .
do you work at a pool , lake or ocean ? i am a retired veteran .
what a good life ! the beach , and a convertible . i just putter around my garden .
i have an old truck . in kentucky , we have lakes , but no ocean .
yes , me too . growing up in kentucky , i knew i wanted to retire near water .
yes this summer my family went to fort meyers florida .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am mia . adam Levine are my cats . i have two kids also
kale is my fave . i need the iron
usa . born and raised here
it sure is . i do have a weakness for Italian
i run and hike a lot
hi how are you doing ?
i am good thanks for asking
i am on disability due to an injury
i was in the Olympics and hurt my legs
i was as fast as a cheetah
yes faster than those horses
good evening . how are you ?
i do not . i take a lot of pictures . i would like to be a famous photographer .
landscape . some times i take pictures underwater .
i just want to go all over the world and take pictures .
i hear you . since my husband passed i just want to explore .
thank you . it was years ago .
i am getting there . what is your favorite color ?
green is my favorite . sometimes blue .
hi , how are you doing today ?
i just got done cooking dinner . it was good .
i made homemade pasta and finished the meal with ice cream .
not usually . do you have any hobbies besides fishing ?
i enjoy painting , especially beach scenes .
i am working on one .
you could always go back .
hello ! tell me a secret about you .
nice ! i have two different color eyes . one hazel and one blue .
i have dark brown hair . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a vets office . i love animals . do you have any ?
italian hands down . i cannot cook though . you ?
mmmm i would agree . sweet are my weakness .
hello , i love eggs for breakfast
i was born to paint and stuff
i have chickens and birds
i have pet chickens that are identical
i like walking on the beach .
sure , i was in kansas when they filmed twister
so how is your day going ?
i love that movie , it is beyond epic
how is it going ? what is your life like ? i am in school , failing about half my classes
my life sucks , i am in so much debt , i think i may drop out of school
credit cards , it is so bad i like to dream about moving away to another country
i love nature its sounds , maybe scotland or something
what kind of music do you like ? i am pretty into electronic stuff
how can anyone not like music ?
wow , very interesting . i thought everyone enjoyed at least one type of music
my favorite color is red i have an 18 month old daughter
hi ! how are you doing today ?
good ! the weather is lovely . i wish i could go on a long hike
yay ! maybe we can do something outdoors . do you like volleyball ?
awesome ! with the weather going to get colder soon i have been pickling eggs
oh yeah it is kinda like canning
i will share with you if you want
would you like to go on a walk with me and my dog ?
that is awful . i could bring you flowers from my garden .
well i love to cook for others . want me to make a meal ?
oh they would love ragini . she is my pet lizard .
well my mom and i live together . she can watch ragini
ok , i do not want to pressure you . i know you are sad .
they are his children too . he is obligated to care for them .
are you more of an introvert or an extrovert ?
oh that is nice . my mom loves the city , she is my best friend .
i am working on online courses and my weekly book club , but that is it
nice . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds nice . i enjoy a drink or two with friends on occasion .
i read a lot , spend time with my cat , chat with my mom . . .
i read a lot , spend time with my cat , chat with my mom . . .
hi , how are you today ?
i am fine thanks for asking .
yeah i have had my fair share of retail . do you have any hobbies ?
love madonna ! i enjoy garden currently growing tomatoes and sweet peppers .
have you ever thought about getting a greenhouse . i currently own one .
yeah , but it worth it . i just experimented making my own compost yesterday .
of course it did . i been making my own homemade soap for years too .
nice what concert are you going to ?
good evening , how are you ?
just finished watching dirty harry for the 200th time . i love clint eastwood .
oh okay , what kind of work do you do ?
neat ! i am training to get my pilots license currently .
take up a hobby if you get bored ! my stamp collection grows and grows daily !
i have just one dog , and that is enough for me ! but i am glad you rescued them .
i cannot imagine how people cannot like dogs , that is so unfortunate .
ew . spiders are the worst . i am terrified of them .
good morning , how are you today ?
me either . too busy writing my first novel
about a professional translator me hoping to finish it before the years out and be an author
i am not employed right now , but it's okay . just more time to write
oh do tell me more about that
that sounds like an interesting storyline . mind if I use it ?
what else do you enjoy ?
taking notes . . tell me more haha
hello ! what are you doing ?
working on marketing my new business . what shows ?
you should try yoga , it helps with your flexibility for that stuff .
yes, I do ! Vegas sounds fun . i heard there are a lot of vegans there .
i will ask my instructor for you . what would you study in school ?
marketing . i loved it when i studied it .
meditate on it . it really does help .
this is the assistant regional manager , dwight schute . what can i do for you ?
do you know what the strongest animal in the world is ?
a bear can destroy any beast in every known habitat . they are by far my favorite .
you like watching sports ?
battlestar galactia is the best televised program . no offense .
this is dwight schute of schute farms . beets are the best , for all protein needs
the family beet farm is my pride and glory . the greatest .
lol gotcha . . . this is michael
hi , tell me a little about yourself !
cool ! nice to meet you frank ! what do you do for work ?
cool ! i own my own company . do you have family ?
it . i do not work often though as i take care of my child .
united kingdom , and you ?
cool ! so what are your hobbies ?
what sort of books are you into ?
i am employed at a marketing firm , what do you do ?
i no pets . i spend my past time hiking the appalachian trail
yea , my boots are pink and i listen to folk music
i love to wear jewelry . earrings are my favorite
have you ever thought about going hiking ?
it is awesome ! ! i think you would have fun
that is a great idea
ok nice chatting with you
you have just won the lottery , what is the first thing you do ?
my best friend was a teacher , i hope you do not work at his school
his school was fine , he is just a horrible person ! ll .
you are very blessed . to be able to have the skills to help your child .
ai not that right ! i train dogs myself . . . bird dogs , not service dogs .
oh , its perfectly safe . and its so good for them to be out in the open .
how are you ? interested in photo session ?
i think i will go out hiking and take some photos .
you can just eat raw veggies .
i sleep too but i sleep in the tent sometimes .
i spend a lot of times in the wild .
yes it is very quiet here .
oh come on it is not halloween yet .
yes it makes me want to sleep .
i am single and ready to mingle , how about you ?
oh well , i am recently divorced with two kids .
a boy and a girl , 10 and 14 .
i am not usually with them in the morning . i take care of my grandmother on school days .
not quite sure who that is .
what do you do for work ?
i work for an insurance company on weekends .
hi there , how is it going ?
what are you practicing ? i am building a lesson plan .
what does your band play ? yes , kindergarten to be exact .
wow , i should try meditating when i feel stressed . any suggestions ?
i tend to overeat or start organizing my surroundings once i am stressed .
good food for thought . work helps with stress . i enjoy the students .
shopping helps too , but it gets expensive . fashion is intriguing for me .
minimalism , nice . has Buddhism influenced that ?
good wisdom , but in our society attachment to things is encouraged .
the trick is to stop desiring things , or to not give in . temptation !
what is the hardest thing you had to let go of ?
wow , do you think that is possible ? that part causes me stress .
unreciprocated love can be quite stressful and emotionally draining .
my name is mark and i wonder why i am not melissa
i do not know some days i feel like it but i do not know
well my parents are big time catholic i worry they will reject me
i been bullied my whole life cause i do not live up to their standards
if I had pursued fashion design, I would have been able to create my own fabulous clothing line.
i am confused hope god forgives since this i have not been to church
well he created us to be not perfect so i am sure i will figure it out
its in the bible he created man in his own image and have faults not perfect
agreed the bible has been revised soo many times
oh yes i mix my belief some parts budha some parts dolly
mom more then dad always been that t way sadly
i live on my own but always looked up to my mom
hi how are you doing tonight
i am good i am 7 foot so i do not fit well in the chairs
not much time working for ibm and all
i just play basketball and that clears my head
yes that is true you like cool stuff
i do not blame you for that
me and my wife are moving to hawaii
well we will be retiring there
hello tell me about yourself
nice i am more of a iphone taker
taker i take photos of food lol
i love it , i love writing my novel outdoors
yeah a novel about the tv show rick and morty
it is its very dark at times like my favorite color
that sounds good , it just pays my eating habits . love the pizza
i love mexican , the only thing i do not like is pickles
hi my name is jason and i am built and tall , i am a beatles fan !
well congrats ! ! i am a scientist , following my parents foot steps here
i am a bio chemistry . just like my parents .
that is amazing , yes being a scientist was my choice . do you like sports ?
well i am a gymnast , i have been into gymnastics for 12 years
it takes a lot of practice ! ! what about you ? what are you into ?
i totally get that ! ! money can be tight .
hi names mary i live in denver eat ribs and smoke herb
maybe i can send u some in a one direction dvd case lol
nope i originally moved here for skiing
well my favorite thing is hike and toke
that or watching archer
yes sadly my last boyfriend dumped me for some hooter chick
congrats yeah i was seeing him for 2 yrs
thanks i have been nice to this bud tender at a local dispensary
i am currently reading david copperfield again . have you read it ?
no , that is the title . the book is by charles dickens .
a tale of two cities . dickens is great .
not much . i have not even heard much .
mine is the high kings or darby o gill .
i love to bake . cakes are my favorite to create .
i have a coke right now .
hey ! names jane and studying to become a journalist .
sounds fun ! i have a small french bulldog , i work at sears selling washers
i play the bass for a band and my fave band is the red hot chili peppers
aww maltese is cute ! i love maltese ! !
what kinds of big dogs
for fun its been about me spending time watching movies alone
whatever floats your boat ! ! d
wow ! really ? why is that ?
i am really from east asia
though pizza is what i really like
oh , i italian food , really good
wow , you have two boys . how old are they ?
you love arts . are you an artist ?
wow , that s an awesome way to really start
where are you touring right now ?
hey good afternoon how are you ?
i am well tired from hiking you ?
wow i like how you talk !
do you like any music ? i enjoy folk style
no i do not like the appalachian trail ?
really ? i find time but i am in marketing
cool , that is nice i like that
no but i like to eat baked goods
hello there . my name is divia . how are you
oh awesome . do not travel as much due to my father being a strict preacher .
agreed . although , my mother sings . she was a school music teacher too .
that is nice . did you go to school ? i however , did not complete college
i am from hawaii ! i now live in ny .
although its hard to travel from state to state due to my car is 20 yrs old
yes please ! what is your go-to movie ?
hi . just got back from horseback riding . what are you up to ?
you are making me hungry . think i will get a slice a cheese to nibble .
cheese , like dairy . the beach sounds great !
i do not blame you . although i have to watch out for shellfish , i am allergic .
dancing at concerts is a favorite of mine .
fun ! i help children too . i work at a nonprofit .
love the a lot of different kinds of music . as long as i can dance to it .
i stick with horses . they do not need gas , cheaper to buy hay .
hi how are you doing
i am good taking out my dogs
i have too standard poodles
i am a pilot so i am gone a lot
that is nice i want to do that
that makes sense where do you live
i used to live in nevada
i am 5 feet 8 inches
hello there ! how are you today ?
mmm sounds tasty ! i am just hanging out in my pjs . my favorite thing .
john gresham movies are the best ! not a fan of his books though .
nice ! what is your major ?
awe , well thank you for your service !
must be nice . mine threatens to leave me almost every day .
hi how are you
tired , i just relocated to california from japan
dancing and singing ! and you ?
my english is still poor , I wish I could read those novels with you, discussing the plot twists.
i am an aspiring actor
it is nice weather . my dog likes walking with me after i am off work .
nope just me and my dog
hi there , how are you ?
awesome . what do you do for fun ?
i love cooking tasty meals .
what do you do in your free time ?
haha ok . i volunteer at the local shelter .
yeah me too . i never take it for granted .
what is your dream job ?
hello . how are you doing ?
that sound like a lot of fun . how was it ?
i understand that a lot . i have kids too .
i wish that i could do that
i like to cook and listen to music
the rolling stones mostly . how about you ?
i like those genres too
do you like health care at all
hello , how are you doing ?
i am well thanks , i love sweets so much . . . do you ?
me too , i really love spinach
i can do a lot of things but not best in any one thing
i find that i am not a sociable person
not too sure , but i never want to disappoint my family
well its just true , and sometimes i feel that i will by being anti social, I wish I could showcase my crystal collection to others.
hello how are you today ?
i am doing okay taking a break from homework
yeah i am studying japan even taking a class in their language
hope so my class is taking a trip there end of the year
yeah i am just hoping i can come up with the money
that is rough but after school maybe you can pay it all off
no i am to much of a nerd to be any good at them
yes they are pretty cool
hey how is your night going ?
awesome . i went on a shopping spree today
fishing is great too . . . get a piece of mind
no kids but i have three brothers
that is cool , wish i had a boat
go swimming every week and yoga twice a week
yes i try to maintain my figure
my parents adopted me when i was too young to remember . you ?
yes true but i have several siblings who do not know I am alive
no I met my biological mother when I was a teen , I think like sixteen
yes maybe Christmas its my favorite time of year
i am not Christian but i love happy people
me as well I live with my adopted parents
all my life . where do you live ?
i also live in Georgia
hello ! how are you today ?
i am great ! how are you doing ?
well that is good . what are your plans today ?
that sounds like a lot !
well, I do not think I could juggle all that
i bet it comes like second nature
i work over 60 hours per week so that is super busy for me
i work as a restaurant manager
hi ! how are you today ?
i am good , i just got done building a new table .
awesome ! i love doing diy stuff like that .
do you play any sports ?
that is cool . i bowl all the time , i have bowled a 300 twice .
my dads a retired cop , hard to do much with him .
definitely ! he was scared for me too , when i was in a hostage situation .
me too ! luckily it was all resolved fairly peacefully .
hi how are you today
do you have any children ?
of course . i have 5 human children
i use lots of fancy gadgets
like cameras , timers , robotic cleaners
yeah you gotta just not put chicken feed on it
yeah but i enjoy socializing
well if i just talk to children all day i will go mad !
hello how are you , i just came in from my dairy farm
yes my family owns the farm
about 10 , what do you do for a living ?
oh cool what do you do for fun ?
that sounds like fun i like baseball
no just for fun i am not very good at it for a team
hello
i am good and you ?
i am a nurse i work in the er
its hectic
yes it does
so any hobbies ?
sounds nice . i do not get out much anymore after my divorce
hello , how are you tonight ?
interesting subject , i am a nurse .
yes , you have too if you want to be a nurse .
very nice ! where at ?
i live with my own superhero , i am married to a firefighter .
how awful , was it a cooking incident ?
i once had a bad experience with sushi that resulted in a fire .
do you live in cleveland like me ?
hi ! how are you today ?
is shopping your passion ? writing is mine !
i am good at yoga and writing so i love to do both .
for a newspaper i do . i have the time being single .
it is not too bad . what is your favorite color ?
mine is grey but I supposed glitter could count .
not really interested in it honestly . that is great for you though .
i am pretty introverted which is why i like to write .
hi there from austin , texas ! whereer you from ?
so good to have a pet . i have a new baby son
also have a job that takes more hours than there in a week .
i do play baseball when i can . are you into sports ?
heavy metal is the best ! do you work outside the home ?
also lo mein ? i like cooking at home too , mostly help my wife
you gotta eat . right ? i have got to feed my family
hello how are you doing today ?
good thanks . just finished playing soccer with my bros .
ballet is just so beautiful .
accountant . work for nike . ok job . you ?
seems like a great job .
is that your passion design ?
do you like to paint as well ?
soccer and i am a bit of a history buff . england .
hi i just finished working at my garage . how about you ?
nice ! sounds relaxing . i am going to probably watch some fishing shows .
awesome . i can build cars , but computers are too technical for me .
so do you live on base ? i live by myself and i kinda like it .
nice ! so what are your hobbies ?
watching tv and fishing . i sound very country .
i like it too . nothing beats the woods .
yep . oh and some jerky .
howdy . how is your day going ?
good just here listening to music .
that is awesome just do not go overboard .
i wrote an article online about how girls are prettier without makeup .
i am a clerk at a hotel . i see a lot of girls go overboard with their makeup .
that is cool . do you like to dance ?
kpop is the only music that gets me in the mood to go clubbing .
me too i mostly stay home and stuff my face with junk food
hello , how are you today ?
i am well . getting ready to play some music actually .
mostly guitar music , because i love to play songs on the guitar . how about you ?
that is a great show . do you have any other hobbies ?
awesome . i myself enjoy a good go cart race .
not particularly . forces me to eat fast food , which i hate .
that is pretty exciting . i do like to fish in new places .
hi how are you doing
that is nice i am smoking some weed
yeah i love smoking and listening to music
rap mostly i hate my job
all sorts what do you like to eat
that is cool i am really into meat
i like to grill a lot
i love to eat steak
hey do you like fish or steak more ?
steak also , however i do like to go fishing haha
do you do much cooking ? i like to cook a bit and i hardly leave the house !
nah , i feel like that is life . stuff in boxes ya know ?
gap . . cats make my eyes water like the nile . its a good thing i am a happy person
no pets but on my dads dorsales i use to play with stray dog haha
it was safe . . . i got my shots haha ! do you have any other pets ?
hello , how are you this morning ?
that sounds . . . fun ? how was it working out with everybody ?
that sounds intense . . . i like to run !
is George your best friend ?
delicious ? i like to eat at home . . .
i do , actually ! i much prefer reading autobiographies vs . talking to people
my dad wants me to inherit the family business . . .
hi ! have you heard of the blood moon ?
yes , rare and i was born under one ! what's something interesting about you ?
does she live with you and the dogs ?
do you take them out on hikes ? i like hikes !
i have never left the country , but i would like to hike outside the US too !
yes ! i may also take my 3 brothers with me too ! any siblings ?
lucky you ! what do you do ?
do you travel far ? seen anything interesting ?
hello . what do you like to do ? i read ebooks .
i like coffee i drink while i watch marvel
well that is a healthy combo ! lol
oh i bet ! i prefer iphones over androids . you ?
oh good . i hate iphones !
i do . . . i was joking . . . sorry , silly mood .
florida , hot ! ! ! i hate it . moving to tennessee in spring .
hi , i love to walk and work with my cell phone whole day
i work in a bar , because my friends are there too
occasionally , but not at work , i had my pet cat at the bar too .
were there cats at the party ?
oh , too bad , i am very close to my mother , she comes to my work place often
ha ha , just be glad that she is still around
good morning , like to read ?
cool , i like to read now i like stephen king .
yes check out stephen king if you like thrillers .
yes , the shining of course . i am a christian . why the surgery ?
i am also a vet tech here where i live .
oh no , i am sorry to hear that i am .
what sport were you playing ?
i need to find a good time to visit my mom . she is busy working at the school .
what sort of writer ? my mom is a social worker . she gardens during her free time .
i am a cashier . i would like to grow big plants like my mom as a professional gardener .
erotica is popular at the grocery store . i see lot of those books near my register .
my best friend moved to a bigger place for more work opportunities . could you move ?
possibly , if it looked good . i like to read when i visit my friend in the city .
books on freelance writing , actually . i may start a gardening blog .
my dream is to work with animals
cool i have a big binder with 3 rings an ponies all on it
i blurt out stuff at the wrong time , we are the same age lol
when i was young my mom made me get braces ugh
i eat alot , need to eat a little less
yea i never had to go to bed early ha
i do exercise alot now i gotta lose
yes you can my belly needs it badly
good evening . how are you ?
just playing some video games .
super mario kart on my old snes
yeah its old . i still like it tho .
no , i do it sometimes .
same here . my folks are asleep tho . i live with them .
i just turned 32 last month .
i live in florida . near tampa .
hi , how are you ?
oh not bad , think i am gonna have to fire someone down at the consulting agency
yah , my husband said the same thing , gosh he is wonderful !
indeed ! i would not know what to do without my two small dogs !
eww ! i do not take my dogs many places because they hate radiohead ! can you believe it ?
that is funny ! good job i would imagine !
hey there i like black shirts .
one of my purses is black too . do you sing rock music ?
rock is the best , especially guns and roses . what do you sing ?
you are sweet . i know someone who has never drank too .
i have a yellow lab . what kind is yours ?
no . do you play them ?
that is cool . i listen to music constantly .
i love pizza . how about you ?
hey there ! i am about to put some alcohol in my coffee and get this party started !
yea ! how about some lindsay stirling ? i love her !
love it ! i can smoke 2 packs of cigarettes and listen to some country .
nice . i bet you stay in shape . i love eating meatloaf .
yes ! in my second life , i would want to be a
i would want to be a hippo ! ! !
i wish i was there
are you a clown by night ?
hey its bonnie , whats up
oh no ! is everything okay ?
i am really sorry to hear that . its so scary with family, If my father hadn't fallen ill, we could have gone to Comic-Con together
there is always comic con next year . my band played there couple years ago
cool ! i sing lead vocals . do not make much but it bought me a pink moped
yeah maybe . not much into docs tho
hello ! where are you in the world ?
i am in the us too ! urbanite here .
yes steak burritos are the bomb !
i am a netflix junkie ! what about you ?
that is awful . i run with my dad every morning at 4am .
my mom gets mad because i blast opera in my condo .
well , i am not as manly as a canadian . never been up there .
wow , i just got back from a great game ! how are you doin ?
pickup basketball . with the homies .
i am a student , always on the books , you ?
excellent ! are you in import export ?
is that a good field to be in ? good salary and benefits ?
maybe i need to switch my major ! i am studying dentistry .
yeah , but i will be swimming in debt when i finish .
hi , i am a lover of
i am not a pet person bu prefer good music
who is your favorite singer . lady gaga does it for me
i work in a retail shop .
thetis good . i love concerts and attend many of them every year
no but business is a good idea
yes but you may change your mind as you advanced education
hello . how are you doing ?
i do . i am a stay at home .
oh good . what do you like doing with you friends ?
i enjoy cooking for them . not baking though .
cool ! you just might one day .
my favorite show is face off on syfy .
yes . i think i am good .
hi my friend ! i want you to be one of my many friends !
i lost my eye sight . i still drive though . race me !
i drove once and my friend told me what to do . i hit 5 cars
i dj for a radio station . live in my bathroom , please .
what is wrong ? are the teachers bullying you ?
you should talk to someone about it . you can talk to me , friend
i am listening . what is wrong ?
do you feel comfortable telling them ? i think it would help .
hi , how is your weekend ?
www that is really sweet . i like dogs more than people, but I wish I could have a dragon as a pet, that would be so cool!
yes it is , i want a dragon . i think that would be a cool pet .
right ! i enjoy playing a game called d and d . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds interesting . what do you do for a living ?
that is cool ! you probably have a wide variety of products to choose from .
hello ! how are you today ?
sorry to hear that . i am good . watching the sunset . its beautiful .
i live on the west coast . right on the ocean . you ?
awesome ! high fives all around .
neither . i spend my days surfing . i love it .
that is awesome . what do you study ?
nice . what did you have for dinner tonight ?
good morning how are you doing today ?
doing well just got back from a run . do you exercising ?
lol . i did not either till i got my boxer than kinda had to .
that sounds like a pretty good idea . where are you from ?
cool , indiana here my father was from china who worked in cars industry
lol that explains why my dad moved back a few years ago .
i could say that is where some of the crazy music sounds come from .
rainbows , what about you ?
hello there ! i am sarah , just like my grandmother .
i do ! i listen to it on all my walks , which i really enjoy .
i also listen to music in my car ! it is a honda civic .
very cool ! my best friend has a pomeranian and she lives down the street
very cool ! you must be really good !
she sounds very cute ! i would like a dog one day .
wow , that is a musical family ! i just like to sing in the shower .
i bet ! thanks for the great conversation !
good evening , how are you tonight ?
i have an apple martini and a book , i am fantastic , lol
that is a horrid way to live , one of my girls has food allergies as well .
a lady in my book club has that too . she uses oatmeal soap and lotion .
i do not have time for tv , i think i live in my suburban .
i am running everywhere , between the pta , sports and book clubs .
that is awesome ! i still want to run away to Paris and be a fashion designer .
hi !
whenever they invented the radio . you ?
that is cool . its ok . i prefer music .
good for you ! that is so exciting !
are you very organized ?
being blind , i have to be organized .
i am a dj so i like most music
hi , hows your day going ?
i wish i could hike ! this cast on my legs gets in the way , ll !
my sister mary was daring me to do something . . . you know how we texans are !
i have been to catskill before with my dad . he writes for not
he was covering a story on easy . mary wanted to go but it was my turn
the owner of easy bought an old warehouse there and is renovating . cool stuff
so you are not one ? ll ! not does not pay that well so we are not either
ahahah , keep saving ! what do you do for work ?
hey , what are you up to this weekend ?
archery . i am just learning but i love it ! have you ever tried ?
me too , since i do not like sports . but i am talented and may make it big !
if i did not work in an office i would have bright hair . do you work ?
lots of time to practice . i wish I had more time to practice .
is that close to your house ?
sweet . i have to take the bus to archery classes .
hi how are you today
pretty good do you have family ?
i got 3 brothers that sucks
i play music do you ?
that is cool whats your name ?
mine is omar , where do you work ?
just playing in my band
mostly generic bar rock . gotta please the masses
good afternoon how are you ?
really ? my husband loves riding the parks of nyc where we live
cool , i like museums with my nieces and nephews , i have 5 of each
really ? never been there how is it
awesome , so how is life ?
just busy trying to make some money
yes yes i am trying hard before these holidays !
all of them ! you what do you like ?
i am looking for someone special.
currently single at the moment.
interesting combo, i am a pro gambler.
yea, it is good to have alone time.
Vegas is fun to visit but not to live there.
i used to live there for work.
wow, you did, that is fantastic.
hi i work part time at a retail store . what do you do ?
do they have koalas in the circus ? that is my favorite animal
that sounds interesting . how do you like working in the circus ?
i do not really like country music because all they talk about is drinking beer
that sounds fun . i relax with my roommate when i am done working
oh they do ? which ones ? i have not heard that one before
no i do not surf . i live with my roommate in virginia
well i have to try and find that song . it sounds like it would be funny
hi i am sandy , my age is 25 and i work in the military
my son is 1 3 4 years old .
that is awesome ? what is your fave color ? i like the color blue a lot
i listen to a lot of aerosmith
hmm . . . . never heard of them .
i am in the army , been to iraq twice .
yeah well it pays the bills at the moment .
well thank you for that .
hi how are you today ?
you should settle down then sparky
i can blog about it for you ?
what do you do for work ?
very cool . where do you live ?
i live in florida . danit irma .
i like to shop . totally for sure
hi the married life is crazy
i got so many kids goodness gracious
we have 5 lovely children an i nurse at the hopsital
yes i do , i play a instrument the violin
i met my bae in college
i was only a freshman he was a junior .
lol its our real life no plot
hi . . how are you doing ? ?
i love the nature too
i like music . . i am in a band . .
i am a lead guitar and vocal
i have one elder than me
i am a student doing my degree in music
interesting . . that is kind of creative . .
hello . i just finished cooking dinner . want to chat ?
filet mignon . i work as a chef . it was extra from the restaurant .
my mother wanted me to be an accountant . she hates me .
good job . do you have any hobbies ?
do you speak french ? i visit the french quarter in louisiana .
sounds like fun . i can not go anywhere because of my parrot , parrot .
labradors are nice , but parrot does not eat as much .
ha ! how old are you and your sister ?
hello . how are you doing this weekend ?
that is something to be thankful for . water is also important .
right unless you are trying to escape from a zombie .
i think i have . does it have really hardcore metal as the soundtrack ?
what ? that sounds like a very innovative game . do you work ?
yes me too . i do editing and day trading . i try to study as well .
no its not always easy . i often get sidetracked .
haha . that is terrible ! i made a cake earlier .
hi , i live with it every night
i live with the smallest person
i am not sure , you could say both
oh they love it , their tails wag
yay ! what i can do with
that would be tons of joyfulness
i love to eat tacos with them
you have to smile or life is no good
i am a barbie girl in a barbie woooord
you can brush my hair , call me nancy if you care
being a working girl is hard , that is why i am not . you ?
oh yea ? interesting . so do you work with your siblings ?
wow . i wish i had siblings . . . but its always been just me .
yes ! nancy has got to eat too .
hello there , how is your night going ?
that is nice . do you like dogs ? they are my favorite animal
greyhounds , i have two of them .
mine would be red . do you work . i am a vet assistant
good luck to you ! sounds like fun
it is , only thing is my mom is allergic to my pets
i have to leave my dogs at my house if i visit her .
that sounds like so much fun . i have not skated in years
hi , what are you up to today ?
just making myself a salad
i just love salad , actually , i love eating veggies any way they are served
i live on the west coast , but my family is back east , we do not get along
i am really shy , it is hard for me to play online games with others sometimes
i need more good friends
oh i love dogs , that sounds fantastic !
hello . how are you today ?
oh , i was just messing around on my bass guitar
really ? why do you have all those stains ?
well , i do like stamps . i have got quite a few from all over the world .
that would be pretty cool . what other things do you enjoy in addition to gaming ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . you always wear suspenders ?
yeah . what kind of music do you like ?
i like country , and just about every other genre too .
hey hows it going this evening ?
cool , do you volunteer there ?
so what do you do for a living ?
that is awesome , i am an accountant . . . boring
yes but hey you are still learning . knowledge is power .
ll i am into pop and r b
true . they have all the pretty girls
that is sounds like fun to me
hey there how are you ?
well that is awesome . i am chasing my toddler around the house
haha there not for everyone . my husband stays home with him
oh really ? i have been married for about 5 years now .
yea not for me lol i enjoy being married
i used to be . but i am a distributor for budweiser now .
its alright . i would rather be unemployed haha you like music ?
i am obsessed with t swift lol
i am in the library doing homework right now . what about you ? ?
that is cool ! i love soccer .
i am trying to do architecture .
dang ! i love my garden and luckily i am tall so i can pick apples from the tree
i want to travel to italy or france and see the vineyards .
i have to be outdoors all the time i love fishing .
my mom went hiking the other day and saw a bear !
yes ! it was up in a tree .
hey whats going on ? ! how are you
just looking for smelly feet remedies . lol mine are horrible
haha ok . well with my brown eyes , blonde hair and an obsession with money , typical female
i am not much of a tv fan . more movies than anything
lol i would rather just have popcorn and sprite
you can put cheese on your popcorn i am sure
that would be delicious to
you better ! ! haha i would love to try it
hi how are you today
white like my iphone 7
do you like hot chocolate ?
are you allergic to anything ?
why is that you say ?
in my bed currently . my mom used to read stories
it does yes soon it will be snow
hello there ! how are you ?
busy busy . . . running on chai . what do you do for living ?
that is cool . i work on computers
i do . computer science . its a good gig
patience is key . and discipline
are you afraid of spiders ?
they creep me out . no thank you spiderman
hi how are you today
do you play it often
i do not just with my dogs before
that is a confusing name
i do not sorry to say so
those sound like okay dates
yeah it is a collection of sound
haha well that might not be good
hi how are you doing ?
it was good thank you
yes i am . we had a heatwave
what do you do for a living ?
i am a small business owner
marketing consultant agency for local businesses
how are you doing tonight ?
i am watching television too
a halloween baking championship show
oh wow that sounds amazing
no i have never shot a bow
really do you go hunting ?
that sounds cool . do you have any kids ?
do you have any pets ?
hi , how are you today ?
i am just here trying to teach my dog how to read
dance , what kind of dance ? i like to dance
no he can read a entire sentence , i also have iguanas .
i like square dancing , i wish I had money to go dancing .
that must have been so beautiful , are you married now ?
i do zumba for exercise now so i guess that is dancing
oh wow , well it was for the best
hello how are you doing ?
good thanks . so what is life like for you ?
why is that ? what is up ?
why are you not doing well ?
have you got the right major . so glad i am done with school .
school is almost 55 years behind me now !
it is all about finding what you love to learn . then it is easy .
so should i propose to my girlfriend ?
i love her , she loves me , i have known her since high school and i think i am ready !
thanks for encouraging me . . . i am so nervous . are you in a relationship too ?
oh wow , sorry to hear that . what happened ?
god , that is awful . some people just are not thinking things through . . .
i do not know . . . i want to do it sooner rather than later . just not sure where !
thanks ! i just hope she accepts my offer ! !
hi i am a dancer , what do you do ?
seven feet tall this guy
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i make hot dogs for a living .
i really really like hot dogs
basketball is what i play
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i do not know any player names maybe curry ?
you can report the surgery on my knee
good morning , . how is everything with you ?
what are you studying ? i am working on my masters in italian literature .
that is awesome . better than my family . my brother believes he is a viking .
do not eat meat . love animals , especially my pet skunk .
where do you guys live ? i am in oregon .
you are right . i love that i am in an attic in portland ; away from that madness .
i just painted my nails green . maybe i will head to the ocean soon .
they look better than i thought they would .
hi
good and you ?
i am a college student so no hobbies really . . . just video games
biology . although i hate school
batman !
who do you think would win ina battle ?
hi ! whats your favorite band ? love red hot chili peppers !
i love to write ! want to be journalist but have settle for selling washers at sears .
oh dear . i hurt my feet too . they are like womens size six
really ? that is more toes than my french bulldog !
haha . cant keep your feet together on the slopes ?
no . too afraid of the speeding .
i just go out clubbing
you will one day . no worries .
my kids just asked me to read green eggs and ham . i do not like that story .
cooking is something i enjoy . i will read some recipes to them . think that will work ?
we love animal stories and animals , especially dogs . i own 4 ! thanks for the idea .
what about hobbies ? swimming is something i could do every day . what do you enjoy ?
nice ! what instrument did you play ? why type of music ?
wonderful . i used to sing at church years ago .
your parents sound like fine people .
yes ! they are in colorado enjoying their retirement .
hi there ! how are you ?
good ! its lunch time for me . i am trying to be vegetarian .
i play field hockey and soccer and love spending time with my dog . you ?
i love dogs too ! they are my favorite animal .
i have a boston named gus . i want to be a veterinarian when i grow up .
oh ! what do you like to bake ? i just had an amazing cake for my 15th day .
ty ! since i like to play soccer , my cake was a soccer ball .
yup ! i am on the varsity girls soccer team in school .
hi how are you today
good and do you work
i take care of my son
yeah my husband has a secret job
yeah you can do it
yeah wash it every night
what else do you do ?
hi ! names brad and i like the band one direction .
my mom is a tennis player , and is always practice . never get to see her .
i am ok , i am in elementary school , i wish she was around mre .
haha i willl ! ! do you like spaghetti and meatballs ?
yeah , i hope to play football when i grow up .
yeah . . . i did not go to church growing up .
i am , as in even though i am a kid , i never went to church
hi how are you today
i am good do you drink
sometimes do you like food
oh i get that i was a cheerleader
yeah on tv is just as good
no i am not . i am a mom
wow you should get on that then
hi ! california love is the best song ! how are you doing ?
great ! as you can tell i love rap music ! dpac ! ! !
what else do you like other than music ? what do you do for fun ?
nice ! what do you write about ?
how about fast cars ? i like fast cars and of course i have one
mine is a black bmw ! where would you like to go with a fast car ?
oh , that would be fantastic ! and with some 2pac on max too !
are you married ? any kids ?
hey ! my name is jim , how are you this evening ? thanks for chatting with me !
brief ! what a wonderful name . i am good i just got back from fishing !
ha i wish , i am a simple guy so its nice just to get out there
well , to be honest i am unemployed . lately just hanging out by the creek .
thanks ! holy smokes the violin you say ? how is that ?
how fun ! how many years have you played ? is it easy to learn ?
interesting . is there a specific style that you favor when you work ?
nothing wrong with that . that is cool that you get to set the mood though .
well . . . aside from fish . . all types . my favorite right now might be street food .
that curry and naan bread is most delicious !
hello , i am a blue-eyed blonde who loves to paint . how are you ?
i prefer to paint my murals with acrylics and art class is my favorite .
i am a pomp ! fan . i love all metal .
they relax me . i meditate to them .
i am single and could not be happier ! you ?
not ever for me . too much of a hassle
i meditate on the beach , lol
i listen to music all day every day . well over 5 or even 8 hours each day .
well i like to enjoy the little things in life since my parents died .
take care and spend time with her . we could all be gone tomorrow .
let them listen to lots of music . it will make them smart . except country and rap .
no tv for me except the weather man . music is my source of entertainment .
i compose music for some tv companies and its an easy job .
i only work a few days here and there each week . never 5 days in a row .
4 days is the most . then 3 days off .
hi how are you tonight
i am going to start working in federal court
well i was a lawyer for a long time
i am albert and so is my mom is not that weird
no i am a judge so that would not be good
i like all music how about you
rock is good but i am not much into metal
that is cool we should listen to some
hey ! how are you today ?
ok , i guess . my friend is late picking me up for work .
it sucks so bad . i am working at mcdonald and cannot afford my own car .
that is what i want to be ! but i am taking a year off before i go to college .
sweet . how old are you ?
i am 18 . do you still live with your parents ? i do .
hi names chet and i am a write for the times magazine . and live in new york, but I wish I could write for a sports magazine and travel the world covering major events.
it is and quite busy my high school sweetheart and i got married in june .
thanks . i enjoy going to the guggenheim museum .
no i have not have you tried devils eggs those are pretty good .
huh , ok that is pretty cool thing then .
oh really ? tell me more .
i do my wife and i take long walks in central park together
it is and she loves it a lot during the falls
hello . how are you today ?
yes ! very well , thanks you . its very hot here . i live in florida . where are you from ?
oh wow ! i bet that is beautiful ! what do you do for fun ?
that is fun ! i have a playstation 4 . we do a lot of swimming here .
i build aquariums so that is a pretty good job in the heat . lol
i love maroon 5 ! do you like movies ?
me too . my brother in law runs a hollywood studio
good evening . my name is jason .
pretty good ronald . where are you from ? maine is my hometown . portland actually .
i see . i have a passion for photography. I wish I could be a photographer capturing the beauty of wildlife in Africa.
anything really . what do you do besides running ?
i am sorry about that . i am an engineer . environmental . how long on welfare ?
that is good . get your spirits up again . do you have family ?
oh boy . hopefully he has changes to make too .
hello my name is louis .
huh , that is weird . do you like to read ? what kind of books do you like ?
sort of . i like music when i read .
wow , that is tiring , i bet .
nope . i am a kid myself . do you work at all with trains ?
are you serious ? i love trains !
no but i would love to . i love thomas the tank engine .
i will turn 10 next month . i am 9 .
i had the worst burger today , they put tomatoes on it .
ca not stand them . life is hard enough without those gross things .
haha yeah , i used to cook a lot , but doing fast food more these days .
when you have got a couple of kids , you eat what you can !
oh , 27 . young enough to keep up with them !
haha well , its a good age . they are almost as fun as when they were babies be !
what kind of 27 year olds are not ? i hope i passed that on to them
hi there , how are you ? what do you do for a living ?
well , i , unfortunately dropped out of college so i am a deli clerk now .
we do . you should stop by and see all the choices we have .
we are . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i am learning to play guitar to be like my favorite Jimi Hendrix and i fish .
i have not . i will have to look them up .
do you like running when you are free ?
i do not like running
i like to play with my kid
what is your favourite color ?
i love orange . it is so beautiful
good . do you have any pets ?
yes . 2 cats and a dog
yes . kiki and bobo for my cats , and res for my dog
hi there ! what kind of music do you like to listen to ? i like classic rock
that is awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?
that is cool . i like working on cars in my free time . what do you do for work ?
that is very true . i work in marketing .
i do not hate it . my co workers are fun . we usually get together after work and play cards .
mmm , i guess they require some luck.
hello !
what do you like to do ?
i wish i could cycle , but too much smoking . i need to quit .
my 10 piercings probably make people think i am unhealthy , but i love Italian food !
do you have to drive very far to get to work ?
that is good . its been nice chatting with you !
i am in college , i live in an off campus apartment . how about you ?
i live above a small grocery store my 2 roommates and i shop there often .
yes its across from a park which is great because i have 2 dogs .
that would be quite the coincidence .
i am at school all day for cooking so usually at the park in the early evening .
i like most music . hey have you ever seen the clown that performs he terrifies me .
right i am not sure if i should laugh or run !
i agree . what other hobbies do you have ?
hey my name is drake , just like my favorite artist !
cool ! i love Japanese food ! i want to learn to cook it .
where is here ? i teach drums on the side , it is a little hobby of mine .
super cute ! i love rap music
me too ! never too old for rap ! i love going out to eat .
i live in Miami , we have amazing places to eat . but i like cooking
it is better in Ocean City Maryland .
no , i am from New York
hi there , how are you ?
you should sleep then . do you like sports ?
well my mom taught me to play baseball , i like baseball .
did not say i was good ! what do you do for a living ?
what type of art do you freelance ?
i like to read too , who do you normally write for ?
have spacesuit will travel . i like mostly science fiction .
george orwell is my favorite author .
hi ! !
good and you ?
i work in a grocery store . blah . you ?
impressive , i am jealous . do you eat meat ?
i became a vegan a year ago . high five !
then you are twice as moral as me
have you been to college ?
nope . wanted to attend in another country but i never been out the country
that would be great ! but only if we can stop to hike , i love it .
oh . well maybe next time . what do you do for a living ?
i work at the bank , bank teller .
boring job . i use my iPhone a lot . it is my favorite phone and pastime .
at work ? or just in general ?
lol oh . ok cool . so what else do you do ? what else do you like ?
hi . what are you doing ?
i like hanging out with my buddies
i cut grass . i will be 11 in two months .
not so much . i do like animals . i have a bugle and a stray kitty .
i like to rake leaves .
no , i do not . is madonna a friend of yours ?
my mom and dad do not let me use the internet much .
hello . how are you , any fun plans for the weekend ?
i have to work this weekend at my music store . what does the wife do ?
records , music runs in me played in a band for 17 yrs . nice for your wife !
we do , i love getting to go to florida hoping to retire there !
i hope you get too ! any hobbies ?
sounds relaxing . in my spare time i fight for the rights of animals .
i do 4 dogs 2 cats
hey . how are you doing this evening ?
i do as well . are you into roleplaying ?
huh that is pretty niche . do you read ?
have you ever considered growing dreads ? that would be cool
ew ! i only like it if its fresh but even then i do not know . i like ramen .
the chicken one . but i add a lot of different ingredients .
have you ever tried a gyro ? they are super tasty .
now i am hungry ! i ate a pork chop a couple hours ago .
hey, what's up? How are you?
haha well that sounds horrible. I love my job!!!
well, that sounds awesome! I am a horse trainer.
horses are amazing. I never get to sleep in though lol.
that is awesome! Aside from trying horses, I wish I knew my place here.
just here on earth. My purpose. Where I belong, you know?
hi how are you doing ?
good , just drinking my 10th cup of tea for the day lol
very much so ! also a huge fan of the color red .
nice ! any hobbies ? i love to hike , a bit afraid of snakes though .
that sounds fun ! its weird because bugs do not bother me , but snakes !
yes i agree with that ! i never liked math !
hello to you
not much , just got home from taking care of animals
mostly house pets , cats and dogs in my line of work
i am a vet . my five kids love to hear the stories , hubby not so much
he says they are messy . where we grew up in spain , there were many strays
like you , i would rather help them than eat them , vegan also
hello ! how are you going today ?
cool ! i enjoy posting on instagram . what kinds of things are you into posting ?
that is awesome , i love sports . i enjoy anything where i can be outside .
nice ! i am a bit of a fitness fanatic myself . my favorite is hiking . what is yours ?
all great activities ! what else are you into ? what kind of food do you like ?
i enjoy healthy eating as well . i will admit , though , i have a weakness for burritos .
well that is an understandable weakness , oreos are delicious !
i work in finance , for an insurance company . what is your profession ?
hi , how are you today ?
i am fine thanks for asking
i am a teacher and i like reading studying books with my students
i live in a large city but my parents do not visit often
chicago , il . what city do you live in ?
i do not , but i wish i did. If I could choose a tattoo, it would be a quote from my favorite book.
i like to sing , i think i am pretty good at it too
showtunes mostly , i am still obsessed with hamilton
hi how are you today ?
also well . its chilly here
yeah that darn irma ruining things
what are you studying there ?
very cool . do you know other languages ?
i can speak italian fluently . pizza . digornios .
do you have any pets ?
i have a cat . its so low key
good morning . care for a quick chat with a hippie ?
that is nice . i do not eat fast food . i eat the herbs and veggies from my garden .
i am a ma am . that is pretty awesome i never played a video game .
nice . i have many goats , chickens , and cows . i live off the land .
i never been into sports . . i look to the power of crystals for my life path .
i do not watch films . i do eat a lot of raw onions though . and garden .
yes , you have told me that . do you have a favorite food too ?
hey , how is the weather where you are ?
doing well . had a great day working on my garden .
oh , are you a veteran like myself ?
i am not too much into guns anymore and have started enjoying reading .
it is a relaxing hobby . just finished a book about Kentucky , where I grew up .
it was nice in the rural areas . where are you from ?
did you move for work ?
hi how are you today ?
i am doing okay have work this afternoon then its date night
not sure i told her whatever she wanted to do
yeah i love her so whatever she wants she gets .
yeah my girlfriend is definitely spoiled . what do you like to do
those sound like fun activities . i work at barnes and noble books
what kind of books do you like
hi there !
do you create comic books ? i just put my kids to sleep . all 12 .
that is awesome . do you go to any conventions ? i was just at dragoon .
i understand . i do not get out much either with all my kids .
you will just have to make the time when you can . just do not miss out .
that is bonding right now . if i had more time to myself , i would be alot skinnier .
where do you live ?
hello how are u tonight
i am doing good just got home from work
i am a computer technician but i really do not like it
i do not know exactly maybe something like lawyer
just like to hang out with my dog we are like best friends
working out is fun unless i saw a spider then i would freak out
its wierd hate spiders but i have a love for snakes and want a snake
no i am single at the moment and that is great congrats
how are you doing today
i am great . i need to exercise .
what is it like to work there
what kind of car do you want
that is a smart way to go
i do not blame you
i am an office executive
hello how are you doing ?
yes i just got done watching good burger one of my favorite movies
lol . do you have any hobbies ? i can food and whittle some
i work at the zoo and run after the cheetahs for exercise
yes , actually with a dart gun for the vet
yeah i know . . . lol i like to run i got 6th place in a 100 meter dash
a 100 meter dash in high school
hi , i was born in france . where are you from ?
interesting . i have a large family that still lives in france so i visit often .
cool . i am sad it is getting cold out . i love summer over winter .
i enjoy eating food too ! i love cake !
i finished college a couple years ago in crime and work in a prison , you ?
i love dogs ! how many days a week do you do that ?
what kind of dogs do you walk ?
prison is tough ! i would rather work with cute dogs !
hi how are you doing ?
yes i do . i have two dogs
that is awesome from where ?
where are you from ? i am in cali
where are you currently located ?
what do you do for a living ?
i like thai food the most, I wish I could play the violin like you.
hello how are you today ?
wow that is cool ! i love nike . do you like sweets ?
london is nice . i saw katy perry there once !
yes they do ! i took a baking class while i was there .
oh wow i have three sisters ! we hunt together .
i make my own clothes ! and you ?
we do it for food .
they do have nice clothes . what do you think of katy perry ?
sitting here eating lunch and i am stuffed lol
too . . . make that a pumpkin spice latte
this is my favorite time of year cannot wait for the trees to turn
after eating lunch i have got food stuck in my braces . . grr . . i hate that
i had steak and salad . have you eaten yet ?
yes i understand . i want to become a vet as i love animals
hello , have you seen my black car ?
that is cool , the car is leased anyway so it is not that impressive .
kids are cool , i do not even have pets .
brunch , it is pretty much my favorite hobby .
definitely grilled cheese sandwiches , yours ?
what is your favorite pizza ?
i collect and sell pine cones
i have an ice cream truck i sell them from .
hi how are you doing
that is cool i am in georgia and we do not have it yet
i can not sing or i would go pro
i am good with violin but not singing
yes i love it i want kids
i would hope not do you have one
i imagine hopefully they do not
how are you doing this evening ?
i am good , the weather was beautiful here today . i love fall .
are you looking forward to pumpkin spice everything ? ahahah
i do not like all the pumpkin spice stuff either .
i watch a lot of tv , do you have any favorite shows ?
i like to go fishing , how about you ?
mostly trout . i also work on cars .
how long have you and your boyfriend been together ?
hi how are you doing
i like to play sports . how about you ?
do you run marathons at all
that is adventurous . what do you do for work ?
do you read at all
i bet . what do you do ?
i do when my son is in bed
i am a professional athlete
hey , how are you ? tell me about you
44 grandparent , dragons are awesome , prefer night but love the sun
haha . . 1 . . trying to decide between a chili dog or a cheese hot dog
sounds like a delicious follow up lol
i am self-employed , i have a business doing bookkeeping and accounting services
i do work from home
champion tree cutter . . impressive . . i love it
hi ! how are you ?
how was your day ? any plans for the weekend ?
ah , you young party folk ! i am 71 actually . i like my quiet countryside .
the north east . i live in my house in the countryside here .
pa . its so pretty in the fall the colors and all the harvest i get
yes , all the work i do these days is on my small garden outside
hey how are you ? i am overwhelmed .
really ? why ? i love guns !
yes be careful , holidays are coming ugh
who ? this is odd i had to arrest my daughters boyfriend .
who is 42 ? i love guns have a big collection .
he who ? i cant stand my ex husbands .
oh okay gotcha , good luck . i will pull up in my ford pick up .
hello how are you this evening ?
that sounds nice . i have been spending time with my three great danes .
i lift weights in my spare time . what is your favorite food ?
that pizza sounds real good . i hate sweet potatoes .
i run in my spare time , marathon winner . do you run ?
do you listen to music ? my favorite is all american rejects .
peaceful music sounds nice when you are trying to relax .
hello there . i am sarah . i currently have dogs whom i have all adopted.
that is awesome . i read on my free time .
that is great . biggest accomplishment was writing a biography of my fav actor.
how commendable . do you know how to dance ballroom ?
ah yes . i do enjoy hip hop as well .
biggie is mine . but yes , i agree about tubac .
i have been listening to naughty by nature recently
hi there , how are you ?
good thank you ! i just came back from eating ice cream , a daily thing for me .
i love being outside . i remember the time i ran a mile under four minutes !
i prefer outdoors for sure . every weekend i love to you out on the river and fish .
i meant to say i love to go out on the river and fish every weekend haha
i used to fish with my dad who is a cop until he was unfortunately killed .
definitely something i would love to do one day .
hey there ! hows it going ?
i am great ! just bought some new shoes . i have a real bad shopping habit !
way too many ! i just got new hiking boots ! i love being out in nature
you ask a lot of questions . lol .
well have you been overseas ? i have .
cool ! ! have you been to paris ?
yes ! some good some gross ! they have great fashion too .
she is a dental assistant .
hi how are you doing
i am okay . i wish i looked better .
i need something . i look awful .
i like to knit sometimes .
i work in retail . it is okay .
what kind of restaurant do you want ?
you could compete as well .
hello , how are you tonight ?
i am an aquarium builder , my clients are the hollywood elite .
very nice ! my parents stopped farming 20 years ago , at ages 88 84 .
my wife is a horticulturist , or was before she lost her hearing .
no , they will not work , as she is completely deaf .
i help out my brothers at times . they are all involved in the movie industry
i love to surf when i get a chance .
it is . do you like the mountains too ?
hey there , how are you ?
reading up about civil war theories , i am doing a reenactment next month .
what is your favorite show ?
i am obsessed with the news actually and have even managed to be on it .
well once i chased a tornado around . that was scary .
i prefer exotic cuisine from overseas .
i have traveled there many times just for the food . it is worth it .
i can only afford to do so since my mom is a celebrity .
hey how are you doing ?
i would love to have some of that right now
i have to stay away tho i am a bit overweight
yes i am eating healthier
i am a cake decorator
one day i plan on being an astronaut
do you like magic at all ?
yes . you should watch Penn and Teller, I wish I could have a magic show with Penn and Teller.
hi how are you tonight
i am doing great tonight
i like it but i am more into rap
that is nice of you i am sure they like it
that is nice of her does she like rap
that is cool i would love to meet her
wow does she have her black belt i would assume
karate chop wood and bricks and stuff
hey , how are you doing ?
i love rain and storms , esp with a good book !
ah , that is nice and cozy ! do you like spaghetti ?
its my favorite ! what is your favorite food ?
nice . i have a chevy van and i love it !
i enjoy reading and making pasta . you !
nice ! do you work anywhere ? i spend my days at a power plant
yeah , i enjoy working there . i like spending my nights reading and relaxing .
hello , how are you this evening ?
i cannot have children right now , due to my alcoholism . congrats to you though
had a bad headache from losing the alcohol i relied on
yeah . have you ever thought of living in a storage locker ?
are you still with the father of the babies ?
you are gonna have your own little soccer team soon
that is a major age difference
hola is anyone out there ?
amazing packing for a trip tonight having some wine u ?
very nice . what genre ? published ?
my favorite is shopping i try and do that on my weekends . dance too
i like to exercise but i also like being curvy !
i do but i love travel . leaving for paris on saturday
was it your first international trip ?
how are you doing today ?
i am getting packed up for our camping trip
i have two boys they are a lot of work
they are pretty young they like bieber
that is so funny he is my favorite too
yes we have been to several of them
do you like horses ? i love horses too
i love riding horses it is one of my favorite things to do
hi ! my name is liz ! what is your name and where are you from ?
hi ian ! i am from switzerland . do you have any hobbies ?
i love cooking and running ! what kind of stuff do you knit ?
very cool ! i wish you could knit me mittens for my hands !
yes i live in the alps ! but i love it because of the blue sky !
no i have none . i have blonde hair and blue eyes but no tattoos !
what do they look like ? and i cook for a living ! you ?
hi . i have 2 daughters . i also am an english teacher .
nice ! my husband passed away so i take care of my daughters alone .
at least you have one . i would like to be a writer . its my dream .
oh , i am so sorry . why not ?
you will wish one day you were still young .
he is very correct my dear .
rules are good for you !
yes lol it is a rule
hello there . hows it going
but that is not the color of my drink . red wine
tell that to my only child
well can your hair beat my gardening
that is nice . you can run with my 2 boxer dogs
oh no . that is tragic . visit me at my clothes shop
hello ! how are you ?
i do . especially with my brother being in the army . always praying for him !
its a hard choice i think . he left behind two sons . love my nephews !
growing up on a farm made it easier to handle the little rascals haha .
they are the best are not they ? definitely influenced me with becoming a vet !
www thank you ! i appreciate it . you too ! what are your hobbies ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am an emt for the hospital
yeah its pretty hectic tho
yes i have two dogs
that is a lot of cats
hey so what do you do for work
i am doing well thanks
i am a waitress at a coffee shop . you ?
i see . so what do you do during the day
aw you can always find work . what are you interested in ?
are you French or did you live in France ?
ok . well if only I had stayed in school, I could have pursued a career in literature.
good morning ! just got done making some donuts !
nice , my 2 sisters should enjoy them when they wake up .
have you seen the show silicon valley ? i love it .
i have no idea but its my favorite
i work at a grocery store in the bakery dept . what about you
nice , i have a cleaning lady . . . best decision ever . my two sisters used to clean houses .
i do love to bake . . . mostly desserts
lol but how would you earn money then ?
hello . good day for no pants huh ?
same ol same ol . got the daily gf threatening to leave talk .
she is been doing this for 3 years now . might be lack of pants haha .
been shredding a guitar since i was a lad . i am super good ! ! . and you ?
no pets sadly . parents were too busy for pets in the household .
they were political figures . always so busy that i usually just played my aggressions .
sweet . can he get me a good deal ? maybe I can surprise my gf .
maybe it would give me incentive to wear pants . maybe catch a John Grisham movie .
hi , listening to some tunes on my red iphone , how about you ?
just me and my parents
some r b classics . what are you up to ?
nope . . . i travel around the world
yes they are , are yours ?
europe , asia , brazil . just about everywhere
how tall are you then ?
no . are you a student ?
my vocation is in the drug business
yes and i have one female sibling
i hale from san francisco
this year i will journey to paris for my holiday
i have one female sibling
i like dogs , i love labradors
my job is in pharma
my place of birth is san francisco
what have you been up to today ?
you are an old one like me . my 77th birthday was last week
i like to think i am . what did you used to do for work ?
that is unfortunate . i would be sad if i could not watch my tv shows
that is impressive . i used to do computer programming
i only have one grandson but he is my world
wonderful . do you have any pets ?
that makes sense . i do not either but i am a big animal lover
i am love the color blue i just bought new blue shoes to match my car
nice . . . last week i have my mom even dye my hair blue for a concert !
she dye my hair blue ! i was going to a concert to honor elvis !
that is awesome i love elvis i listen to him everyday !
my favorite song is blue suede shoes but i also like when he sings hymns
nice . . . . he is such a classic everyone should listen to him . If I could change one thing about my mom, she would enjoy listening to Elvis as much as I do.
yeah i suppose he is not for everyone .
oh he is another great one !
hello how is your day ? i am watching basketball
is your boss okay with that ? i enjoy hunting and can not text then
oh roommates are not fun . i have kids , boys and girls . always using computers
that is annoying . i do not have a spouse
i do not collect anything but i sing
what are you looking for ?
it would be an ideal job . i work but prefer to hunt and watch basketball
oh no , never ! just small game
hello friend . how are you today ?
do you have an idol ? mine is thierry henry
i am a professional soccer player . pizza is my favorite food for any meal
are you married ? i am , my son is four and my wife is a writer
i have a bmw . i bought it when i attended stanford
sounds very nice . i have never seen one in person
i totally understand that . it can be expensive
i can not imagine dating in this day and time
i recently joined the army after i flunked out of college
i have a job in the army fixing computers , basically i rebuild them
i went a tool concert las night , do you like them ? they are my favorite
making deserts can get complicated sometimes i imagine
they are alternative rock , listen to them while i am working
what kind of request is the weirdest you have gotten ?
that is funny , i can only imagine what shapes those could be in
it sounds like and i feel the same way about mine
hi how are you tonite
hi i am a student from cali
mostly listen to music and go fishing
what grades are you teaching ?
what city are you from ?
i am a student from cali
hi i am cindy a nurse from grand rapids
oh what did coworker do ?
i am not . do you have siblings ? i am the youngest
no not currently i think its my pink hair
do you have plans today ? i am debating dairy queen or subway
i should do that more often but its cold out today
lol i am not fat yet i try to stay healthy
going to try for sure might watch a football game today
hello , what kind of things do you like to do ?
i am doing well , just got done shooting my bow .
what movie are you watching ?
i am going to be movie shopping with my daughters later , but i do not think that is an option .
that is what i gathered , what do you like to do ? any hobbies ?
that is neat . i like bow hunting . i also remodel homes for a living .
its a lot of work , but does not leave me much time to shop with my daughters .
yeah i suppose . what do you do for work ?
hi i am beth how are you
i sometimes am a clean freak yet wonder why i am single
i like to sleep past 9am but work for myself so no major issue right ? ?
you sound so smart do you workout too ? ? i am trying to watch my diet
aww my hair being brown is apparently a turn off for most men
hence i tried to keep a girlfriend they cheat just like men
well i would not say that bad but i just have no luck
i only wear white socks
hey there how are you ? i am so nervous about tonight you would not believe .
i am going to ask my girl to marry me , want to make her a honest wife .
we are expecting a baby going to ask her tonight on the field .
aww mine is also , just got us a new home near her folks an just graduated
this is so ironic , are you me lol
gotcha wow , me too , identity scamming me huh ?
my wife is going to flip when i tell her this ha !
cool lol i appreciate that greatly . i hope so also ! ! ! that is my baby !
hi there , i hope you are well ?
interesting , i am james . i work on reality tv .
amazing ! no i do not but i do love listening to country music .
great ! unfortunately not . i worked as a clown at my local circus and also love to surf
that is cool clive . no i do not . what do you cook ?
exactly ! i love to dance to my favorite country songs ! do you dance fred ?
whos jim clive ? do not have time with all the reality tv . do you like country music ?
good afternoon , how are you today
i enjoy baking and going on walks , what about you
when i was a chef , i traveled a lot , now i am a teacher
no , since i am a native of mexico , i teach spanish
mainly because i had kids , i could not travel anymore
three , along with a couple of cats
mine are tom and jerry , i loved that show
sally , jessie , and donatello . wierd i know
did you have an interesting morning today ?
my favorite animal is a snake , whats your favorite food ?
that is pretty cool , whats it like living there ?
i love star and empire on fox
i understand , you gotta do what you gotta do to survive
my life is the average one
i work on here and i am a stripper
hello , how are you doing today ?
that is a very good movie . i , personally , love disney movies .
i play soccer as often as i can !
i love reading too ! if i am not playing soccer or working then i am definitely reading !
wow , that is impressive . my parents are still married too . i live with them . If I could go back in time, I would love to visit the 1920s.
i know . i do not think i am going to get married . . .
do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend ?
good evening , how are you ?
good now that the power is back on .
yes , even doing hot yoga , it was to hot to excessive or hike .
pretty much . i was obsessing over my pets as the temperature went up .
that is cool . what kind of turtles ?
i use to photograph lagerheads in the keys .
hello tell me about yourself
i love baseball , made the college team , i play short stop and i love mike trout
that is nice of you , glad she has you
very nice , i have been there once its really pretty
i love to cook , i hate to clean !
i can see why that sucks , i have short hair
i would love to , my best dishes include mexican food
hey , how are you dear ?
awwwweee , you remind me of my friends i go hiking with .
i love biking so we bike after then make pancakes and watch netflix .
yea i guess you could say that but enough about me tell me about you .
understood that is annoying , my girlfriend hates that too .
lol yea its only been a month we have been together but i feel like its perfect !
hi ! i am mary and i own five pairs of pants
people think i am weird because i carry a picture from my senior prom in my wallet
interesting ! i think my sister in becoming my mother
i do not work or go to college
a little ! my sister always ask when i am getting married
she is single !
i would not doubt it !
hello there do you have any goals in life ?
i love it there so much atmosphere to take in for my work
my dream is to write and publish my words . i currently reside in california
for now i work on warner brothers lot as a extra , but my passion is anything art
whats your end goal ? mines to have my works art or novels in coffee houses abroad
aww loving family is in my dreams as well
i learned that when i was younger in singing competitions all i had was my dad
yeah mom passed when i was 14 but its why i strive for a family
hi ! running and gaming are my hobbies . what about you ?
i am jealous ! i am employed in an office . would rather make things like you .
yes . i have seen them at some national parks . i love visiting those .
from where ? whats dad up to ?
cool . i like advertising . especially when they use crazy shades of green .
yes ! those are cool too . lots of colors really catch my eye .
hi , are you there buddy ?
at the bank huh ? sounds like good money . i am a vet
well not that kind of vet , i meant a military veteran lol
wow , what a coincidence . i am also married , 20 years now
so you live with your grandmother and your cat ? i love animals
i volunteer at an animal shelter , a local one . what about you ?
we have a lot in common . any favorite sport ?
i like NASCAR too , but my favorite is football
hi there . how are you doing ?
i am fine . what do you like doing ?
i am retired military and a golfer .
i was in the airforce for 23 years .
i worked in air rescue .
some funny , some not so funny . what is your major ?
sounds interesting . i majored in labor relations .
i negotiated labor contracts with various unions .
how are you doing today ?
wow that is is crazy why do you have that many
wow you sound like a male ho
well you being a male ho you anit going to find it that way
well that is on you because i can care less
my kids and my husband that is what i care about not noman hoe
hello , how are you today ?
i am okay . i broke my leg a few weeks ago and this texas heat is killer .
i bet maine is nice . i have never been . my dad works for the new york times .
photography is the greatest art out there . my sister , mary , is a nates photographer .
yes , i am . i prefer texas to traveling though .
i live with my dog , nyx . she is a black lab .
they are my favorite , big fluffs of goof .
i am a museum curator . currently , putting together a collection of fred remington bronzes .
hello , are you a tennis player ?
do you sell them at the mall ?
i am single and do not have any kids , only corky , a pug .
that would be lovely ! thank you so much for offering , i love kids .
absolutely ! the are very good , and i can play soccer with your boys .
i love to hike and surf . do you and the boys surf ?
i can teach you , it is not hard at all , once you get your balance .
hi my name is kellie what is your name ?
hi snuggles lol . i hope your having a good morning
ll i am sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?
i work in the legal department but , i would like to be a photographer
yes i like taking pictures
my hair is black and full of curls it will never straighten lol
do you believe in legends like ghosts or leprechauns
ll i think there is a little magic that exists in the world today
do you have a best friend ? my best friend is my beautiful husky lobo
hi there how are you today ?
great thanks , do you watch tv ?
yeah i love reality shows , what keeps you so busy
cool , i am actually looking for a new job
i did work on a farm but it closed last month
anything really to earn some money , ideally somewhere warmer
i would love to visit greece the weather looks great there
not a lot due to money but i would love to
hello there ! how are you today ?
i am doing well ! just doing some writing homework for school
very cool ! what else do you like to do in your free time ?
i love football too ! go packers !
i have a puppy ! she is primarily my responsiblity because my mom works at the library, but I wish I could have a puppy like yours, but I'm allergic to dogs.
haha it can be a drag because i heve to help her sort books on weekends
hello . what are youre plans this evening ?
i am going to make compost and soap !
i am from new orleans . i love to garden . do you work ?
i am also very into the enviroment . got to reduce our foot print you know ?
i live with my doggie . my best friend !
i have not gone hiking a while
i took a class once on enviromental sciences . waste management . very important .
fruit . i am working on a new strain of apple pears . a hybrid .
what type of meat is your favorite ?
i like a tender steak but most of the time i eat chicken
what type of cheese is your favorite ?
i like orange juice also , but grape juice would be my favorite .
now i have used another contraction please change it to does not
ha that is funny . i thought that you had to be eighteen to join this site .
yes i am new to this site so i am still learning how it all works
do you like to do yoga ?
i am great , just finished walking my dogs . how are you ?
very interesting . do you draw or paint ?
my son is a pretty good artist if i do say so myself p
perhaps some other time . what are your hobbies , besides art ?
neat ! i like to collect sea shells . they are very . . . unique .
of course ! nice joke by the way , although its a bit old .
you are absolutely right . speaking of music , what is your favorite genre ?
hey , jefferson here , what is up ?
yeah , i am doing the same thing in my apartment . nobody lives with me here .
do you gamble a lot ?
i make all my money as an environmental engineer .
yeah , it is over in portland , maine . it is beautiful here .
are there many hiking trails over there ?
i have taken a couple of photos of shrimp before . i love taking photos .
a couple of years now . i started when i moved to maine .
hey do you ever wonder how you will find parking at a new place ? i do .
hey do you ever wonder how you will find parking at a new place ? i do .
ouch braces . i had to learn because it was just me and my brother
i get that too but my hair is dyed blonde and they think it is natural .
right now , i just chase food trucks . they are awesome .
it sure would not be good .
i have a quiet confidence about me .
yeah www on the braces . do they hurt ?
hi how was ur weekend ?
wonderful . . had a party weekend
do you love cooking ? ? me too
i love the fusion . . i try different things
not much fan of social media though
nice . . what do u do for living ? ?
i am working as a cashier
hi there , how are you ?
i am good , just about to watch my fav tv show , rick and morty
i believe so . i am not that old though , i have an iphone
you should get one in black . best color ever
yes , i guess it is . i secretly believe i am slim because i hate pickles though
i love carbonara ! what do you for fun ?
oh cool , what else do you like ?
wanna come watch me play trumpet tonight for my high school band ?
i love the ocean ! i wish my parents would take me more .
it looks hard ! my dad and i collect movies about it . we have more than 600 !
i like an occasional steak but do not really eat much meat .
boring brown . it used to be purple .
one day when I am a famous movie director, I will do it again !
right now just short videos of my friends .
it is ! if for nothing else it is good practice .
hello there , how are you today ?
i am great as well ! i have a concert for my favorite band coming up ! avenged sevenfold
really ? are you a swimmer ?
that is great ! i have a garden too however its hard to with three jobs
office assistant , pizza delivery , and a part-time warehouse packer . what do you do ?
awesome ! my dream job would be a baseball announcer .
mhhhmmmm i love pie . whats your favorite kind ?
hey , how are you tonight ? i am cuddling with my pet panda
that is so cool ! ! pandas are my favorite ! that and surfing
oh i am sorry ! surfing is quite the fun sport though . my panda surfs too
i would like that ! can i buy veggies from you for my new juicing bar ?
those might add a unique flavor and texture !
from flowers ? i would love to try that . maybe i will add to the menu
definitely , i love that being a vegetarian brings new experiences and friends !
are you a vegetarian too ? maybe you could invest in my juicing bar ?
how are you doing today
i am just watching tv and you
what are your plans for today
that sucks i am sorry
that is cool to know
i can not stand reading
not me i can not stand it
i know how to relax
hi how are you doing tonight ? i am okay .
i am a proud mom of two beautiful young boys . clothes cool .
wow that is so awesome i like the artist justin bieber
yes i bet i like to horse back ride when ever i can go .
me and my siblings go camping each month this year .
no not this year i rode them in the poconos nice country .
awesome i like thrift stores too you can find some great items there .
yes have a great time wish i was going i will next week .
you go girl god bless talk again soon .
hi i was a star player on my college football team
sounds cool and i have passion for politics
awesome been married 5 years and i work for a candy shop .
accounting sounds extremely tedious and boring
yeah maroon 5 is my fave band, I wish I could play in a band like Maroon 5.
i am not a really a fashion kind of man i wear what i have
well for fun i am with my wife and kids and chilling
i have 3 boys who are amazing but at times can be a little too much
hey i am allie , i love to bake cookies . but cant eat them
running wild ? like in an open field ?
awesome , have you tried something called a bagel ? i love them !
can dinner come after a run in that field . i wanna try
oh i love vegetables , carrots are my favorite and coke drink
you can run it off in that field
yay ! two cokes for dinner , i will make cookies too
i only drink coke from china , and it is hard to find in the usa
yes this is very true
were you happy when you were fat ?
oh there are so many of us fat people , never feel alone
i like to meditate
that sounds nice . what are you planting ?
i have a rock collection
i play the air guitar drums
beautiful instrument
that is really awesome
i have a lot , and love music . imagine dragons being one of them .
hi , have you had supper yet ?
that is my favorite ! yes , i was starved !
i am a college student . not working . too much studying !
that has to be an interesting job .
i am so sorry . i study and swim and that keeps me out of relationships .
i swim every day for exercise . its invigorating !
no , i just like the relaxation it provides . makes me hungry though !
no pets . i live in a dorm . do you ?
love dogs ! they probably help your recovery from a break up too .
i am going out for mexican now . sounds so good ! later !
hi ! my name is paul . whats yours ? i am an outdoorsman . how about you ?
that is cool . my occupation has been dwindling . i am a lumberjack . people want to save trees
i see . i enjoy fishing and felling trees , but only when i have time
are you a musician ? i whistle while i work .
okay . its almost dinnertime . i am making pancakes and syrup again . you ?
sounds good . i have had a buffalo burger years back . that was delicious
i have made lumberjack chili . its very wholesome
it is thick . hardly any juice . but when you are cutting down trees , you need muscle
hey how are you today ?
amazing , listening to some strange music , you ?
how are they ? i want to move to iceland
yeah i love the cold winters there , it is my favorite .
i like the night too and the strong breeze of cold wind .
you seem very chill , teach me to write in cursive .
that is a long time , do you like driving ?
not really it is tiring , i would prefer to wait for something fun to happen each day .
hi , how is it going ?
i am vera . you have kids ?
oh well , some day you will . i have three and
i would like to win a literary too , but right now a need a soda .
i just have to have my soda with me every day .
well , a soda keeps me going . with my three kids life is crazy
hello . would you like to chat tonight with an old hockey player ?
oh nice ! i cannot play anymore due to having asthma though .
yes . i love apple pie . i am trying to find a new dance partner .
oh nice ! i enjoy going running in the morning times .
well hockey will always have my heart . well rainy days i practice my love of dancing .
oh i bet . i intimidate a lot of kids being 6 foot tall .
yellow apples . how about yours ?
oh must be horrible to be allergic to such a nice fruit .
how you doing my names ted
i love me some jazz , what about you ?
that is cool . where are you from ? i was born in kansas
but i moved to idaho when i was 9 , i work on a potato farm out here
its pretty cool living here in idaho and working on the farm
i drive trucks so me and my buds go truckin in the mud
do you have a favorite animal ? ? chickens are my favorite i love them
then youre probably not going to like the fact that all i eat for breakfast are eggs
you live in hawaii and cant swim ? ? you should get lessons ! swimming is awesome
hi , want to get to know one another ?
i am planning a beach trip . do you like to travel ?
that is very adventurous . i am happy with spring break in ocean city
do you still get to see the sights ?
you must enjoy your work
you are a math person , i am more artistic
painting is my passion , but i earn my living in graphic design
well i work closely with each client , i do not get lonely
hey there , do you know any good jokes ? i need a good laugh . its fun !
what do you do for work ?
ha ha ! i own a bakery , so i work early mornings . jokes make work fun .
i believe it ! my husband is a government employee . super boring , but it pays well .
sounds just like my son ! ca not get him to stay inside when the weather is nice .
i can relate . my whole family wears glasses . have you considered lasik ?
i heard the procedure is painless . its worth it to ditch the corrective eyewear !
hi how are you today
pretty good do you like superheroes
flash for sure . flash ! ! ahaaaaaaa
very cool do you have pets
i do not but i really like butterflies
do you wear any dresses ?
hey , i am a student at michigan state university .
i like to sing show tunes , i may start studying theater .
architecture sounds cooler than my job at the coffee house .
when i am at work i miss my cat . his name is seven of nine .
he is my only cat , unless i have a surprise when i get home .
i love dogs . they are always so happy to see you .
cats see ghosts pretty reliably .
hello how are you i am bummed
just got a new lap top and i think my battery is no good. If I had the chance, I would love to travel to Europe and Mexico to explore their art scenes.
so whats up with you ? need a lap top lol.
hey monday i broke my glasses and i have tiger printed duct tape holding them together lol.
your an artist ? what kind of art , i do american indian stuff.
i do some i live in georgia but go to school in michigan.
and to much sometimes , cant do spicy.
how are you doing today ?
just got back from detailing my car
black ford mustang i love any car that goes fast
they have been in loads of movies
i like anything fast and action packed
what kind of music do you listen to ?
i could never get behind any of her music
i tend to listen to classic rap
hi , i am from new york , where are you from ?
great , just celebrated my 21st day
out with some close friends
awesome , do you have any kids ?
wow . . . . of course i only have a cat
what are you looking for ?
well one day it will find you
hi partner , is the sun shining where you are ?
wonderful . blue skies . i love the fall weather a bit cold in the morning
why are you in louisiana ? i deliver milk
i see . do you like it there ? i do not know anything about la
are there not many hindu people in your part of louisiana ?
o do you feel lonely or just like an outsider ?
ooh tell me about your treats . i love food . all kinds
you are so lucky ! are hindus vegetarian ?
how are you doing today ?
i hope you feel better
wow i am sorry i love seafood
me too i started eating goat cheese and trying others with less lactose
what concert ? hope you enjoy yourself .
what is your favorite color ?
i like to paint . i love emerald green
i have to make dinner tonight . i have no idea what i am going to make .
hi there how are you ?
yes i love purple too , it is royal , goes with my free spirit lifestyle .
i am a man , i live off the land and have a family
i love swimming , yes i am married and have kids . i farm .
cool , do you work ? i do not work , i just live off the land like my parents .
yeah he is hot ! i love dancing to his music in the rain .
hi how are you doing
i am good playing with my pet lizard
what kind of animals do you have
that is nice o you want to work on the farm
oh that is cool do you like art
i like to draw in my free time
i like blue and really to draw anything that is around me
that is cool is your hair long
good afternoon its cold here !
i am in canada close to the pacific ocean what kind of work are you looking for ?
do you like working on them ?
i like to catch fish on my boat and then sell them
come up to canada i will put you to work on my ship !
maybe for 4 weeks in the summer
yeah , its cold most of the year we only go swimming if we like to freeze !
how it going where are you from ?
i am from colorado . love it here in summer for hiking its my favorite
i do our church band reminds me of one direction , love it
yes that is my favorite song
yep just one though , gets kind of cold here in colorado for her
i am a teacher as well , for preschool . what grade for you ?
i do its a private preschool . but just basic stuff , what about you ?
hi how are you today
hi how are you then
wow you should get some
wow do you have any dolls
what do you like to eat
i like pizza like malibu barbie
no that is just nto her
it is fine for now i appreciate it
hi , how are you doing tonight ?
i am great thank you for asking .
yes , mine is pink ? my favorite animal is a koala what is your ?
that sounds wonderful ! i love warm weather !
my roomage and i love to sing karaoke .
that sounds like fun . where do you work ?
hello ! how are you today ?
good ! i am so tired ! its early !
same ! with my job i do not get in until late !
nice ! what are you going to college for ?
oh snap ! i am a professional basketball player
i play for a pro team in washington
how are you doing today ?
oh gosh , why is their a foul smell ?
wow , you should definitely throw those away
i do not think fish should smell like diapers
well that is interesting . what do you do for a living ?
what do you do for a job ? i am a policeman
i have not had much luck with marriage . i have had 3 wives
i am not super in to music . i enjoy collecting guns though
way best the was this thought i . quickly pretty friend a make to hoping iowas hi ,
kayaking go to love i
i was navy brat . i have been to canada
. i study special education
do you have any bad habits ? . . wow
i fet cant enough i fingers or toenails ! chewing nail .
good morning i working today at coffee shop
awesome sauce people always comment on my hair its red my favorite color
cool beans , i enjoying dancing it keep me together
its ok . my mom always trying to do my hair she a hairdresser
i drive a red prius thinking about getting another car soon
i know right its like the perfect day to go for a ride
not to far from one after work i am going to take a ride
its seem like its going to rain
peace and greetings ! tell me about yourself .
what is your problem ? maybe i can help ?
maybe you can find some hobbies . i like to garden , recycle , make pottery .
i am all about being open , but you have got to do you . embrace the universe .
maybe you need to step away from it and see where the earth takes you .
as one of my tattoos says , never trust the man .
you can join me . i just go where the universe takes me in my van .
hey how are you tonight ?
lol , i bet that costs money . come help me pay my medical bills
lol , i have too many medical bills . i basically live in these hospitals .
maybe . one day i just stopped being able to run fast , and forgot how to chew .
haha i am laughing pretty hard now
hmm , probably ocean blue . you ?
lol choose purple . what do you do for fun ? or work ?
hello , are you there ?
i am great what do you do for fun ?
that is great what do you like to read ?
i like sports and traveling .
that is great i want to study in spain .
wonderful you will enjoy it .
hi , how are you today ?
that sounds amazing ! i am tipping the scales !
thanks but no , literally , i am a big woman . i like eating out a lot . . .
i have tried but its a lot of work . . . i do not know if its even worth it
i will organize the main ingredients , both twinkies and fritos . i like dogs !
i enjoy a little jimmy now and again . . . you know , ew ! with seth rogan !
yeah , go ahead . big girl is all ears !
hi how are you today
i am good do you garden a lot
both really do you eat food
what else do you do then
yeah what do you listen to
that sounds good do you have a dog
i have one named bob yeah
i have , or you could say he found me
hi ! how was your weekend ?
i love walks ! i worked a lot . my brother and i own a restaurant
thank you for the recommendation ! i like to spend time with my brother and family
brothers can be like that . maybe he needs to get used to him more
it sure does ! drive with the windows down in your nice car to that country song
it is the perfect weather out for that
can we make some smores ? !
hi ! what do you do for living ?
cool ! i am currently an artist and i am working on a new drawing
that sounds fun ! do you exercise often ?
i wish i was faster ! i only go on walks as my exercise
you should get windex ! i have 4 children and they broke my glasses
yes ! i also got a cat and he is the worst !
wow that is a lot of pets !
hello ! i hear the pulled pork sandwich here is delicious .
do you come here often ? this is my favourite restaurant .
the nevada bbq pit , right here where we are standing !
also a great choice . i just moved here , love the hot weather !
gatorade ! too much pop gives me ulcers . dropped out of school because of them .
yea , harvard is so strict . miss a week sick , and get kicked out .
majoring in mathematics . no graduation , no job . so i came to casino .
nah . i do okay here . how about you ?
hi , how are you ?
not too bad . browsing seriouseats for shrimp free gumbo recipes .
i am allergic to shrimp but i love cajun food . wheres your family from ?
ah . my folks are still together . sounds like a great place to get seafood .
yep , college . trying to find some high calorie eating for wrestling . kind of skinny , so , gumbo .
i have not made a lot of friends yet , not a real looker .
i hear that . what do you go out to do ?
dance classes sound fun , maybe i should try them .
i have got to get going . nice talking to you !
is anybody there ? hello !
my feet hurt . i been riding my hog all day , with the other bikers
yum ! i am a vegetable lover too ! i have a tomato , eggplant and onion tattoo . . . maybe ten more !
yeah . you can get a lot of juice out of one onion .
i go into the ring with gloves on . i always win ! how about you ?
i heard about quartz . is that pink ?
i do not have that . maybe i should get one might help me catch a man
sweet ! i drove like over 200 miles an hour today on my bike .
hi how are you doing ?
wow what a rewarding job . i am a soccer player professionally .
no i do not i graduated from Stanford , so I play out here .
i would love to travel more with my wife but our 4-year-old makes it hard
haha we adopted our kid from an orphanage so I think we will keep him
haha exactly gotta get our money's worth
hi , how are you doing ?
i am alright , a little upset my new laptop has a bad battery
oh that is super cool ! i write short stories
yea ! i love dogs . i am actually in college and i ride my bike to class .
oh wow i am actually from san francisco haha . pretty cool city .
yeah , i would love to visit . anyways , it was great talking to you . have a good day !
hello , i just got back from work . what are you up to ?
i am in seattle . i like to be near water . you ?
do you like boating ? i love it .
it sounds like you are much younger . married yet ?
i am 38 . married , have 2 kids , but hardly ever see them .
i am at home . i agree , kids need their parents . but my work schedule . . .
you have kids ? how many ?
i am volunteering at a soup kitchen today . what are you going to do ?
so do i . my family had a restaurant during my childhood .
what kinds of food do you like to cook ?
i enjoy that as well . it is also delicious .
i make mine by hand .
yes but it is fun to do .
i do not enjoy chopping veggies .
i like to roast veggies .
hi hows it going how are you
wow sounds like my love for victorian things
yea i have . i get dolls from there
i love having mini tea parties with them
yea they go great with my antiques
yea i have . that is amazing
hi there , how are you ?
i am sorry . i am here for you now . some say i am a hopeless romantic .
i am sorry . did i scare you ? i wear my heart openly on my sleeve
why is that ? cannot be worse than me dropping out of college a month ago
where was it ? i live in my foreign car a little bit outside of la
i can make that work . i am sure i could sweep you off your feet
wow . i have never had anyone ask me that before
hi . vera died and i like college and cartoons . you sing ?
death metal music is the bomb . you ever tasted bat meat ? just asking .
great ! you still at home living ? i am .
i see . i have a pet bird . winne the coo . you have any pets ?
you there ? are you a student in college ? i am . did you know vera ?
hmmm . move back home , i did . did you know vera ?
she used to work here . i just got death metal greatest hits . you ?
bugs , smurfs , marvel i love all them toons . you ?
hi what do you do ?
i see . i go to the university . you like to stay home ?
do you enjoy working out ? i do
i also enjoy a good diet . i can help with that
no because i am a college athlete , football
thank you . do you like people ?
yes i am also a people person . what else do you like ?
i am always in the mood for fun
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . where did you grow up ?
what are you going to study ?
what kind of instrument do you play
that sounds fun . do you do gigs ?
that would be really fun .
i like to count money
my dad used to be at the bank .
hi there , how are you ?
i am doing okay ; i just got home from work actually
i do office work , it is not too exciting
yeah , it is . i am pretty into knitting though
hats , scarves , gloves , whatever seems fun
i would rather go shopping for boots . i love shopping
hi ! i just got back from shopping . how are you ?
i love shopping online ! you need to always look good when you are out and about !
since people like to take pictures of my outfits , i need to stay on trend .
that will be a great way to show off your online shopping treasures .
well , i am just fabulous so people like to chat with me about my style .
i am loving the new fall collections from fashion week in nyc .
go out and enjoy the world , you will find style to inspire you !
you can draw inspiration from nature !
hello ! how are you doing ?
www . i am sorry to hear that .
i am good . that makes me want to spend more time with my own family .
i like playing sports with my friends . i also love concerts . country mostly . you ?
what kind ? music is a great thing !
my family loves rock ! they live across the country from me . do not see em much .
i really cannot stand the bus so i do not think i would take it haha .
hi how are you today
i just got done cooking
i made some nice lasagna i work as chef
i do not do you
do you ever travel then
what do you want to school as
wow that must rock ha
i am in my garden often
i wish i knew what it was like living in england .
i live in los angeles . i wish i was closer to nature .
i do love the music scene here though , electronic music is my jam .
a few . but i need to stop partying . i am not doing the best in school .
have you ever had a full english breakfast ?
its sausage , beans , tomatoes , eggs and some thing else i cant think of .
i have had it once or twice when i went to visit .
to london a few times and visited cambridge .
hello . how are you today ?
i am a little tired . every night , i walk three hours home from work .
no . i cannot afford a car . i work in a fast food restaurant .
no . no public transportation where i live .
yes . i am currently looking for classes that are nearby . krav maga classes .
that is cool ! i love wearing purple . that would look awesome in pictures .
absolutely . fall is my favorite time of year .
yes ! ! ! do not forget the pumpkin spice !
hi how are you today
whats bad about tacos huh ?
i do not . where do you work
i work for del taco . huoh .
yeah i am the leader of the fry division tho
my goal in life is to make the perfect french fry
yeah its a constant pursuit really
well if its so easy you do it then
hi how are you today ?
cool ! what are your favorite colors ? mine are yellow and teal .
i also do make up , as a mortician .
it is ok somewhat creepy at times lol
i have not maybe i should !
wow really ! i never knew that ! i may start then .
good idea ! do you have any collections ? mine is stamps .
cool any favorite movies ? mine is dirty harry .
hi , do you live alone or with roommates ?
i have three people living with me , its so noisy .
i work at starbucks serving coffee to people
yeah , a good variety of people come in
i like the green tea frappe since the color matches my hair
yes , and i also have eyebrow piercing . haha
good evening . how are you ?
are not they all lol . i have been using my workout game lately
so what are you up to ?
wow that is really really intense
i have a pit bull that i walk .
i am not very religious unfortunately .
hello , my name is judy . whats your name ?
ew i bet ! does he need a violinist for the wedding ? i can play
i could sing to you if it will help . although , i am not very good at it lol
any from georgia ? that is where i am from . i might know your friends !
well i want not one , but two kids ! and chocolate , all of it .
family is overrated . what did you do ?
chocolate is the best . it never disappoints , unlike family .
my first best christmas gift as a kid was an atari 800 computer !
i enjoy video games more than sports .
i am looking for a good dentist . i take care of my hygiene .
i love that show ! do you like movies , too ?
star wars , of course ! how about your favorite star wars character ?
you stole my favorite character ! it was nice talking to you !
good evening , i have been having a terrible time finding a job out there
if only i could fly a plane lol
awww sorry to hear that , hope he copes well with it
i like to attend state fairs in the summer and swim
the best fried everything under the sun lol
they sell even fried twinkies at the fair
i love big corn dogs too lol ! definitely artery clogging lol
hi there how is work
mcdonalds is where i work
i am you g i guess . 18 only
still with my parents though
i am trying to save to buy my first car, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have more free time to watch movies.
oh , i feel like i am always busy
and drains my energy maybe never get used to it yet
hello , i have a daughter who is in kindergarten .
how old is your son ? i have a 9 year old son as well .
oh my . twins are so cute .
my son goes to basketball lesson and karate class .
that is nice being out there with animal in the nature .
my daughter is very active . she is in gymnastic .
she is 5 years old who does car wheel at home everyday .
it was nice talking to you . you have a wonderful day
hi . how are you doing ?
oh . i am terrified of wide open spaces . but that sounds nice .
so what are your hobbies ? i love to cook . i am a gourmet chef .
org ! yes lol . i was actually published in the new yorker .
that just means you have to be creative , which is more fun .
i work for a restaurant , but i prefer cooking at home . do you sing ?
perfect pitch is what my friends say i have , but i disagree .
hello ! how are you today ?
wow ! my mom works at the library ! small world .
that is crazy ! me too ! i love authors and have always wanted their autographs .
i like to read john grisham books .
i love reading but hated wearing glasses when i was younger .
me too . they are more comfortable .
let me guess , green is your favorite color too ?
