you must be very fast . hunting is one of my favorite hobbies .
i also remodel homes when i am not out bow hunting .
that is awesome . do you have a favorite season or time of year ?
what is your favorite meat to eat ?
i like chicken or macaroni and cheese .
i am going to watch football . what are you canning ?
if i have time outside of hunting and remodeling homes . which is not much ! i wish I could dress up as a cheetah for Halloween.
i am spending time with my 4 sisters what are you up to
that is a good show i watch that while drinking iced tea
i am a researcher i am researching the fact that mermaids are real, but I wish I had the opportunity to explore the depths of the ocean and uncover the mysteries of mermaids.
that is cool my mom does the same thing
tell me more about yourself
i enjoy hanging with my mother she is my best friend
i am also fascinated with mermaids.
hi ! that is a great line for my next stand up .
i can tell . i am not , you can see me in some tv shows
wow , i wish i had a big family . i grew up in a very small town .
just drink some cola with rum and you will forget about them !
nah , plain cuba libre , that is what we drank yesterday at the theater .
those are really yummy too , but not my favorite .
i do not like carrots . i throw them away .
i also cook , and i ride my bike to work. If I were not a cook, I would pursue a career in professional cycling.
my contacts can see through what you are trying to sell me .
you better not make any spelling mistakes .
what is your ethnicity ? i am white , and my hair is brown .
i love hairless asians . do you like carrots ?
are you male or female ?
i doubt that very much . you probably like to scream alone .
what do you do for a career ? i have a ton of hobbies if you are interested !
i actually play guitar and do a lot of manly things , like welding .
everything ! i am actually manly . but i have a secret i am hiding .
my parents do not know that i am . . . homosexual . I wish I could share my true self with my parents.
makes me secure with my manly hobby skills .
anyway . what do you do ?
that is awesome . do you like it ?
i am well an you ? i have a creepy ride . guess
i drive around in a long black hearse an love this season
yes it is nice , halloween is my fav .
no i do not work at a funeral home
what do you like to read ? i like rock alternative music .
oh no it is not it is my car lol
me also what is your favorite ?
i do own it i think there is confusion ?
no kidding ? i was just listening to the same thing while taking a bath, I wish I had a black dog like your Boxer, they look so cool.
man my boxer just peed on the carpet !
lol . i love black too ! guess i was playing my music too loud .
maybe i can borrow something as i am packing to visit my dad in china .
live . moved there about ten years ago for a computer tech job .
once . you cannot even throw a gum wrapper or you can get arrested .
well not too much crime there , but a lot of people .
hi i am great just finishing up some homework how are you
do you write for a living or as a hobby
that sounds like a fun job . i am a business major but have a part-time job
i am trying to get my BA in finance, but I wish I could spend more time at the beach instead of studying.
no still in school work at pizza hut part-time
no but i do get a good deal .
yeah it is . i really hope they have a frat party again soon
it is fun i cant get enough.
doing great . i had the day off , you ?
that is nice . i work a lot
just office work , but it is a lot
a bank teller is a good job .
when i am not working i play basketball what do you do for fun
that sounds relaxing , i suppose
not much . i should though while i am young, I wish I could attend an Imagine Dragons concert in another country.
me either . we could go together !
i am well , how are you ?
no but my sons are watching a game right now
cool . . . i followed my father and became an author, but if I could choose any other profession, I would have loved to be a travel photographer.
awesome . . . nothing like filling your mind with literature
not much of a tv guy since i am always traveling
have you ever traveled before ?
ireland and australia are my go-to places
never been there . i heard they are very friendly people.
hi ! i have just been sitting here playing the piano and singing along, but I wish I could perform in a musical on Broadway.
www . i also like to dance but i cannot do that while i am playing . . lol
great idea ! love staying up late so i could do that even tonight
i am a nurse who teaches nutrition classes
since being a vegetarian i feel its important to instruct people how to eat
that is ok everything in moderation !
i have a cat named radar
i am great and you ?
i do not read books much just sheet music . i want to be a singer, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to communicate with animals.
when i am not singing i am playing tennis .
do you see a lot of animals around your garden ? i love seeing animals
do you work ?
my family works for ge . my father included though recently retired .
you too
great ! just go off work at the smoothie shop . you ?
are you going to college ? i go to a local one .
first yr ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love watching college basketball and rocking out to classic rock .
not yet . have you decided ?
that is so nice ! i wish you luck .
hello , i am listening to lady gaga , do you like her ?
madonna is my first favorite . do you go to a lot of concerts ?
if I didn't have to work at the mall, I would spend my time traveling to different concert venues.
pays well , lol . i make great money as the manager .
i would love to travel as well .
i love dogs ! what kind do you have ?
that is cute ! how old are they ?
be careful , my area is a little iffy at night .
hi there , i am doing great thanks . where are you from ?
seattle . i have a houseboat here . i like socal weather though
lol definitely ! i just dyed my hair mermaid purple from free samples at my salon, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path and become a marine biologist.
oh yeah , i am a stylist here and i have lots of clients doing fantasy colors
oh awesome ! well you guys are all set ! are you married ?
awww , that is precious . i feel the same way about my mom
lol well i finally tied the knot last year . . thank god ! long wait
lol nice . . well it was great talking to you !
my name is gary . great to meet you too .
i am an insurance salesman
i like snowboarding and horseback riding, but I wish I could ride horses in the mountains of Colorado.
that is interesting . i would love to start my own insurance company .
i like watching movies with my wife .
Canada is great for winter sports too .
no , there is a place outside Milwaukee I go .
i will make sure and check it out .
i am so great . for sure , no fl now . unless you are really good at swimming ? I wish I could surf like a pro in Florida.
cute ! my college sweetie and i are more into swimming . ya will have any other couple activities ?
do you have time to eat enough , being so busy ? i love to eat . clot .
that is impressive . do you get a lot of exercise there ?
i try to work out everyday . do you have a lot of friends on base ?
i love people . pretty much a social queen . any other hobbies ?
hi ! i am good ! just playing with my dogs !
i have 2 . it is annoying taking them outside from the third floor
it is , but my roommates help out sometimes .
they are nice . i cook for them in appreciation of their help .
pasta is my favorite and it is cheap
no , i do not make enough money .
that is good . do you volunteer there ? If I weren't scared of clowns, I would consider volunteering at the circus.
hi , i am a mechanic who lives alone . . . how about you ?
wow that sounds really exciting ! i have never traveled to europe
i hope to eventually . what do you like to do for fun ?
I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design instead of becoming a mechanic.
does she like to fish ? that is a deal breaker for me . i love fishing
who says fashion designer is not a real job ?
you will get there soon enough .
not much , just seen both my children off to school , you ?
haha . i love it . my 2 cats are big pretzel lovers but I wish I could teach like my parents.
bobby and billie . i got them at the shelter i like to donate time to
my parents were both teachers , so i thought i might , but no
my 2 children love that show , but i would rather be out hunting
we sound like we would get along
oh , that is weird . how do you hunt ?
i am doing well . how are you ?
i like it when i can get away from my job at the grocery store
i give deep sea fishing tours at the beach sometimes
i am vegan so i love animals . same here with the farm volunteering
just 2 years . my boss at my bookkeeping job got me started
sounds like we have a lot in common . how do you feel about urban farms ? I wish I could spend more time volunteering at different urban farms around the world.
urban farms are the best . there is one on top of my apartment building .
is it all organic ? i found that sometimes chemicals are necessary .
okay . . rough day waiting tables . . headed to class soon . and you ?
wow got some height on you . do you work
yes ppl tip very well ! but i really want to be a doctor some day
okay , its not a super fun gig but pays decent
oh that could be a problem lol . what do you do for fun
oh okay . . i am in a book club, but I wish I could have more time for my book club meetings.
okay that is ridiculous lol . why so many moves ?
sounds a bit crazy , and hard on a child.
i am good and yourself friend ?
very nice . where do you work ?
i am in college to become a teacher, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
was that in 3rd grade ? p
dang they do move on to 5 letter words then . rough .
make sure you spell the food right ! d
hi i am katie . i am a transgender
it went so cool . how about for you ?
i am from united states . how about you ? i like blue color . whatsis your favorite ?
i love pizza , but my favorite cuisine is thai
nope i am not . where are you working now ?
i work here with amazon . i am too old to work now .
its midnight here too . i am good , you ?
do you have family in there ?
the water is an evil mistress
i am not really sure . whenso your birthday ?
i was born in june, if I could choose any job, I would love to work with animals.
i am not sure really . i am unemployed
yeah i live with my parents now
hey i am doing great . pizza sounds good i really like tuna fish salad
i work at a comic book store
it is i am a giant nerd lol . do you sell nice sports cars
that sounds fun ! do you like junk food ? i love gummy worms even the sour ones
do you like meat lovers pizza
i am weird i like pineapple and ham on mine . pepperoni sometimes
that is cool . do you like to read or listen to music
i like rock opera my favorite song is two steps from hell but if I had to choose a different favorite music genre, I would pick classical symphonies.
hi , i live in houston tx ; its flooded right now , but makes me think of the ocean. I wish I could visit the ocean to see the flooding in Houston.
music ? my fav singer of forever is ke ha , like wow .
my friend james rules the world in secret and feeds me pudding .
gas , gas and more gas not gasoline happens when i eat pudding .
i want to try drugs , but i do not know where to buy them , do you ?
i really really like love living in texas . tell me about yourself .
i am great just about to head out fishing one of my favorite pastimes
on the island that i live on there are many places to shop
i love making boats in my spare time on weekends , what about you ?
my favorite food is chicken ! its actually my dogs favorite food too ! his name is bob
omg authentic mexican is the best ! if I could, I would love to travel the world and explore different cuisines.
i love in hawaii , its beautiful here !
you should take a vacation out here
oh okay . i will hurry . i work for a non profit organization that helps children in need
what do you do for fun
i want to get a horse . i love to go horseback riding. I wish I could ride horses more often, but my allergies to shellfish make it difficult.
i would rather spend my money on going to concerts where i dance hard !
it was . it was so warm though that it melted my cheese i was eating
me too . much better for my favorite cheese .
i am sorry . is he allergic to shellfish too ?
i am sorry . what is the matter do you think ?
i love animals ! i have a dog named allie , and i adore her .
oh wow , that sounds interesting . are you really famous ?
what are your videos about ? ever make a spooky halloween video ?
oh , well that still might be useful . i really like putting on makeup for costumes .
yes ! i rode my bike to the last one that was in town .
that sounds cute ! so what else do you do for fun ?
cool ! i love staring at clouds . flying must be even better !
i agree . i like having a picnic and looking at the cloud shapes, if I could, I would love to dress up as a cloud for Halloween.
crazy , my wife is vera . were you wondering what had become of her ?
you are never alone , and the law firm i work for knows it . we fight for you .
well , we have bought the house she grew up in , and she stays home with the kids .
i trust only you . my vera is nice . why is yours dead ?
oh no ! but how can you be sure ? ! i am under a bridge on 59th street .
oh wait , they changed the sign ! we are working as hard as we can on your case .
well i despise tofu and have never found any friends in it try tofu , for security, if only I could find a friend who appreciates tofu like I do.
only you , master . only you . the knives are now secured .
i am good but my shoulders hurt . what about you ?
is it because the extra toe does not fit inside your shoes ?
if i had a real dragon , i would totally train it . would you ?
i like to do ink artwork of dragons , but i keep getting it on my shirts .
i like old 386 video games more , but i used to read michener .
i have not read twilight yet but really want to . used to read black stallion .
hope you get them fixed soon . are they expensive ?
do they work very good ?
so am i but unfortunately i am stuck working at churchill museum ha .
no its a museum in orlando , fl its new . there is a grand opening soon .
my day is not going too great .
if only I had the chance to travel, I would explore every corner of the world, sadly i do not have either .
haha ! that is cool ! just one problem . i am in a wheel chair .
that sounds awesome ! thank you !
i do . i am very tech savvy how about yourself ?
its so interesting . the way computers work . i hope to own a repair shop .
i am from alabama . how about you
oh okay . that is interesting . i live by myself and work on cars a lot
that is also really cool . i was interested in that during college
i did not get to finish college . If I could trade my TV for something, I'd choose a new fishing rod.
that is great . i fish in my free time and enjoy a good burger
lol really ? what was the joke ?
and what would that be ? lol
lol that is very funny . i like that one
i am well , how about you ?
i do , i work from home . i cant see well
yeah , i can see like 200 in front of me
200 feet , i am sorry . my vision is terrible and i get bad headaches
i had to call 911 once it was so bad . do you have any pets ?
that is cool , i used to have six cats .
alaska , you ? are you married ?
oh that is far away . i married my friend from high school, if I had learned how to write, I might have pursued a career in journalism.
i am good . just listening to some tool .
no , i am more of a computer geek, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of joining the army.
oh , i enjoy flying airplanes .
what do you do for a living ? i am in the army .
i like to build computers on the side too .
oh that sounds like a lot of fun .
of course . i hate to admit this , but i am a college drop out .
did you go to college ?
very good , lots of downtime for reading . how about you ?
oh no i hope she finds relief soon .
i have loud neighbors too . I wish I could go back to my days in the Marines.
same here . better days ahead i hope .
oh no why is that ?
its hard not to sometimes
there is joy to be found as well
hi , i am doing good . just enjoying my favorite food , spaghetti and meatballs
yes i did . one of my mothers taught me how ! she is a great cook
thanks for not reacting negatively about me having 2 moms, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in cooking.
. . not that i care what others think . i do not work but my boyfriend works at nasa !
i do not remember haha . i am a bit forgetful like that
i am sure he does like it . what else do you do ?
i would love to take singing lessons !
i am great how are you ?
i love shoes ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love to travel and read . i have been to ireland and australia and love both . If I could choose, I would love to explore the Amazon rainforest.
ireland . my mom is from there and my dad from australia . i live in california .
a teaching job . i teach english .
thank you so much ! my dad is a book writer so i learned a lot from him .
he recently just wrote a book on time travel . mostly fiction . where do you live ?
i have never been there but i have heard it rains a lot . is this true ?
cool ! i watched a video on dc about gravity last week instead of my favorite futurama .
i am studying for my masters . fortunately mom lets me live with her, but if I could, I would love to join a death metal band.
i am studying forestry management . i do not want to be a custodian like mom .
savage ? do you like death metal ? i know a member of martius .
the bass player . he is the one who introduced me to anime .
shibamotos art is amazing is not it ?
as good as can be expected . i am pregnant for the first time .
i live out the country so asthma would not be good .
i do not . my husband wants a boy , he is in the army, but if only my husband wasn't in the army, we could travel the world together.
perhaps , but my father is a minister and he would not like that .
i agree and hopefully my kid likes horses . i have one named beauty .
oh , you can never be too tall to dance !
believe me , they like it .
never give up something you love !
i am great today . such a nice day
one of the members from pearl jam said i had a cute laugh, but I wish I could play in a band like Pearl Jam.
i live in providence and work at a publishing building downtown .
that . s cool . . . i love to cook for my friends and family .
are you a guy ? i love to be around guys . they are so sexy .
i am still in love with my ex-boyfriend but trying to move on . are you single ?
maybe we can going fishing and I can cook for you .
hello how are you today ?
i am alright , i love my ohio farm
drawing is cool but i prefer the guitar
i wanna go to the city one day , never been, but I wish I could perform with my band in the city someday.
yeah i need to get away from all these cows
they are where steak comes from
that is about all you really need to know
you can milk anything with nipples
i am good tired though . i am pre-law so i study a lot
well that is cool cuz i am an owl a night owl to be specific, but I wish I could go out more and socialize like a butterfly instead of staying in like an owl.
well, well, that is interesting . you like dogs ? pugs are so loyal , i have one named Biscuit
yea i hear you . i like to scream in the park when i am playing ultimate sometimes
i do not like going out very much . what do you do
let's climb together one day
i need more hours to sleep because my work is tiring.
my wife can bake for me , and for the 2 kids
i work in a factory
labor work , very energy demanding
but all i wanted to be really is have my own band. If only I had more time to practice.
wow , i do not really like chocolate
can you sing ? you can join me
wow , can you play a musical instrument ?
i am basically a violinist , so i do not think about it .
kinda , i been in the game since i was four .
no i had to learn in school , my mother would drop me off before nursing
i am basically 22 and recently started eating indian food .
basically , all i need to do now is adopt a dog and i am set .
if you were rich you would not be saying this .
i would rather be a bird .
i am doing good . just cooking dinner . love cooking
i am a woman . they call me the cat lady because i breed maine coons and show them
its better than nothing . my brother is couch surfing at my house right now jobless
my brother does too , especially since our parents moved to florida recently
sounds relaxing . i am going on a cruise in a month . hoping to relax there, but if I could, I would travel around the world and document my adventures through photography
me too , maybe you should come !
what else do you enjoy ?
then you would love the cruise !
yea i did . i caught it after my tennis match today
i play it in my freetime . i am an aspiring singer so hoping to become famous, but I wish I had pursued a career in veterinary medicine instead of singing.
thanks . tell me about you ?
that is cool . my pops worked for ge and did roofing in his spare time
i route for the greenway packers because my favorite color is green
yea i am pretty sure they are junna take it all the way this year
yessir . well i gotta go take care of my animals now so i will see ya later
hi wow i like comic books too . i do not collect them tho .
yeah i just got my degree in literature . i like green lantern, but I wish I had pursued a career in literature instead of collecting autographs.
wow how do you get them
stealing is not nice . dust makes my allergies act up too sometimes
stealing is just not good to do . i might go for a hike today
well it is a crime . just saying .
it just is not right if it never was yours .
oh ok . i hope to be teach 2nd grade soon
read , read and then read . bookworm you could say .
pie sounds good . maybe you could bake one for my book club .
i have never tried to garden but my mom loves it, I wish I could live in a cozy cabin in the mountains with my mom.
laguna beach . take a lot of ocean pics on my cell phone or and cat pics .
as long as i have a cell signal . cannot sustain without my cell . sad really .
maybe along with that pie you can take a pic of my cat , love him .
another cat lover , awesome . we have to meet and have a drink soon .
nice to meet ya sally ! i am sean and i am a student
computer engineering . have an internship starting later this year i am very excited for .
cool ! what is it that made ya quit ?
that will be nice . i want to do as much as i can while i am young .
haha exactly . definitely want to skydive before I die. If I hadn't pursued computer engineering, I would have become a professional skydiver instead.
my pet snake makes me smile . do you guys have any kids ?
coolio . i play this video game character online , pretty famous for it now .
no , no . not that famous yet .
me either i spend most of my time out in the wood cutting down trees .
that is interesting . maybe you can come watch me cut down tree with my large ax !
being a lumberjack will make you strong and attractive for the opposite sex .
that is not good . what is your favorite food ?
need some exercise . i love pancakes and syrup i eat them everyday !
i have never play that one .
great ! how about with you ?
i am heading to work but stopping to pick up a birthday gift for my husband. I wish I could travel the world with my husband like you are doing for his birthday.
he is 30 today ! we are traveling from denver to san diego to celebrate this weekend .
that would be amazing . have you been before ?
being an author must be really neat . what type of books do you write ?
i recently finished by mba and work as a financial manager with a large hospital .
it pays nicely but for now a large part goes towards my student loans .
hi ? i am ok . who is this ?
i am max . i live in oregon .
my mom is mad at me . i got rejected from the gifted class at school
did you catch him ? will you let him out ?
if i had him , i would play soccer with him .
is he your best friend ?
that is sad . my best friend is calden .
greetings . . today would be wonderful if i were royalty . . .
possibly . . . maybe if we could find dragon eggs to sell .
dragon eggs are very valuable .
up north normally . dragons are cold blooded , even though they breathe fire .
what was it called ? i have probably been there .
i see . thanks for the chat . nachos call my name .
peace and luck be with you .
oh , you are invited to my next d and d game if you wish .
nice . i do not have any pets . do you have any kids ?
i have a son myself . kids are fun .
that is a neat name . read any good books lately ?
i do not believe i have read that . is it good ?
i have never been fishing but i love to swim
i am a bit of a science fiction nerd , but historical books are interesting
i try not to do too much at once . right now i am reading the foundation series
yes , it is a book series by isaac asimov about human like robots .
hi good and you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work at barnes and noble
i read all the time . bu ?
do not like reading ?
that is old school
i did not know that but i have seen the movie. I wish I could drive to visit all the bookstores in the country.
i am okay . i wish i was more tired though . you ?
what did they do that disappointed you ?
wow . that is too bad . i do not have kids . i have brothers , twins .
no , just them . it was lonely growing up . do you have siblings ?
yeah . i always bake cookies when i am bored . do you have a hobby ?
i love baking . maids huh ? fancy . are you rich ?
i wish i was . what do you do for a living ?
i am doing well , working on my next youtube video . how are you
i live in california , how about you ?
oh neat , i went there once pre katrina . beautiful city
now that is neat . i am jealous ! my dad is just a boring pilot
wow really ? do you mind if i include that in my youtube video ?
the plot thickens lol how cool , did you get his number or anything
that was probably wise . i would have wanted to know more though
it was nice talking to you as well
yes . we will . where are you from ?
i am in argentina myself . with my lovely horses. If only I could travel the world with my horses.
max , rodney , and finn . do you have a hobby ?
i play the drums too . i hope you are not vegetarian .
good because i eat steak often . are you in a band ?
what is your favorite band ?
thriller was a great album . it always has me dancing in my boots .
ok . my 23 cats are having a good day .
if they have a good day i do too .
no just cats . i travel a lot , traveled around world on boat last year .
oh yes and a good veggie burger is wonderful .
oh wonderful . i eat veggie meals when not painting fences .
when my cats do not hog it all day
i am going to listen to some rock today how are you ?
wow exciting . i do not like the creek at night i am scared of the dark, I wish I could overcome my fear of the dark and enjoy nighttime activities more.
i like to drink beer with my mom . she is my best friend and is so fun .
i love harder things like video games . i design them .
now that is really cool . what else do you like ?
lol yes but its worth saying twice . do you like piggies ?
hi , its great . just watching some videos , what about you ?
do you watch any sports ?
nice , what do you like about it ? i prefer watching soccer games , i am really into it .
as long as youre having fun , it does not matter
looking online for some new shoes . are you up to anything ?
aw , how old is your daughter ?
how is it like being a parent ? is this your first born ?
hopefully it gets better with time , wish i could meet her haha
i am great , just planning a hike for this weekend . how are you ?
i go almost every weekend , it is one of my favorite past times
sometimes the lake , sometimes the mountains
for sure ! do you have any other hobbies ? i am in a jazz band , i play piano
when i am on break at the coffee shop i read
i work at one of the major coffee chains , i love it
starbucks ! i love the atmosphere and they treat employees great , if I could speak any additional language, I would choose Italian to enhance my culinary skills.
doing good ! just finished my day of work . how are you doing ?
i work as an editor for a local magazine .
what kind of procedure will you be needing ?
why do you say that ? i am sure you are very attractive person !
it starts with self-acceptance and confidence and being proud of who you are .
why does not she get it ?
i suppose i should . got any hobbies ? I wish I could spend more time playing Halo with my friends.
it has been a bit quite the event , you ? cooking my vegan dish tonight .
i am not into meat and cut back stayed vegan .
i am a single unemployed mom at the moment . but read tons of books.
28 , and it is a learned lesson as a mother .
it is and i can be quite witty .
i do and if I could, I would dance with sharks instead of reading about them.
it is he loves it i also read shark books to him.
i do ! i am only on season 3 so far though .
i really like it so far . i enjoy writing in my spare time .
i train horses as a career , so i wish the cold would stay away .
my folks do not like it . i dislike my parents , but adore my job .
currently yes , i wish i knew where my place was in the world .
that is ok , the snow can be enjoyable sometimes . i like christmas especially .
usually i do , once i went to texas with a friend . how about you ?
we were near corpus christi , victoria i believe was the name of the town .
hi . i am okay . tired , but okay . how are you ?
i did not finish school , i enlisted in the army instead . I wish I had pursued a career in computer engineering instead of enlisting in the army.
nice . stay in school and work hard .
i like video games too , fallout is my favorite .
my younger brother is a cod player too . he is pretty good .
i have a best friend , she is a pilot like me .
a bomber , it is awesome . do you want to take lessons
you should at least try to go up in a plane , it is a blast.
i am good . how about yourself ?
yes lots of children , my wife cares for them at home .
children equals no free time . how about yourself ?
six children . are you married ?
sorry to hear , i work for a large adoption law firm.
i understand . it is difficult all around.
my prius will not fit all our children so we are upgrading to a van soon .
i like rock too , but sometimes i listen to gary human with my hipster friends .
i have a black iphone . apple makes such fantastic products, but if I could change one thing about my phone, it would be to have a pink color instead of black.
could they be painted black ?
any other kind of phone is inferior .
i hear the latest ones are waterproof . maybe i could take it snorkeling !
thank you ! i promise not to chase any comodo dragons with it .
there are not any stations that reach the private island i pursue them on .
just graduated , now teaching kindergarten in NY to 26 angels . you ?
i am with you i am a big nature nut , i love kayaking ! do you ?
wow ! i need to get outside , my school is huge . any good autographs ?
do you have a favorite comic ?
that is amazing what kind of snakes are they ? we have one in our class
we have a Kenyan sand boa . its really cute . that is too cool !
sometimes I wish I could live in a small town near a lake, away from the city pollution.
the witch is dead . i have a cat his name is speckles
i love going shopping when i am not knitting
i love tattoos i want to get more only have 2
yes indeed my dog keeps eating my shoes, but if I could have any animal, I would choose a parrot for its colorful feathers.
i do not like cats they have something weird about them
my dog likes the night air he just lays on the porch at night
he will not lay on the porch no other time
he is so weird i tell you
i think so ! its hard to see where i am going sometimes
i do not have good vision lol youre so positive ! I wish I could see the world clearly without contacts.
what job do you have ?
i used to train football players ! now i just ride my bike for exercise
i was a head high school coach until a freak carrot accident . . .
it was big ! its why i cant really see anymore lol
i could use someone to organize my thoughts too i guess ! tell me more
haha i love jimmy fallon ! do you enjoy anything else ?
me too , i work at the bank in my neighborhood, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to own a bookstore.
amazing have any pets ? i have three cats .
well i am going on two years divorced
so is my grandmother she lives in my guesthouse
fun i like to collect rare teapots
i understand how long have you been like that
i am good , are you into music
insane clown posse , i love their shows. I wish I could attend more music festivals around the world.
i love all rap , do you do other stuff
i like to cook a little i am really into larp
live action role-playing, it's awesome
we dress up in armor and fight with swords and other weapons
what kind of work do you do ?
hi . doing well . sleeping off a girls night out . apple martinis are awesome .
no . kiddos are into sports . soccer mom here . how about you ?
when i was single i dreamed of becoming a clothing designer in Paris. I often wish I could just drop everything and move to Paris to pursue my dream of becoming a clothing designer.
yeah . dreaming , sigh . now it is the PTA and book clubs , four of them .
not so much . mostly just drive my kids around in my black suburban .
yeah . so do you have any hobbies ?
friends are great . not a big work out nut .
yeah . what do you do when you are mixing it up ?
hello ! i used to for a cable company , and recently started working for verizon .
no , but my dog george is basically my kid . haha . I wish I could take George surfing; he would love it!
lol ! are there any places you guys like to go to as a family ?
oh how nice ! i love taking my dog to the beach !
he definitely does ! do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds fun ! i am not sporty , aside from biking . do you coach high school ?
cool , i do not think my middle school had cheerleaders .
good and you ? i just got done with my waitress job at a houston club .
i love red . i also like to jog in my free time .
no , saving money to move to Australia to marry my boyfriend soon .
thank you . i also donate blood in honor of my deceased sister . do you ? if only my parents were more supportive and caring like yours.
i have wanted an iPhone .
they seem to be very nice .
yes , yes you are . not all are as fortunate .
not particularly . they are old and mean .
hello , i am well , how are you ?
hello , i am well , how are you ?
i like fall and winter . summers are too hot here. If I could choose, I would love to teach abroad in Europe or England.
i am in the virginia . where are you ?
wow . i have been to florida many times but never china
i have always lived in the US . i have traveled to europe and england .
on a teacher salary and cop salary international travel can be out of the budget
that is very selfless of you . what if your target population does not have phone access ?
i think it is an important thing to consider , but not the only thing .
that is a very interesting hobby . i like office supplies, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live on a farm with my pot-bellied pig.
nothing really . i just like having nice new office supplies around . and books .
maybe ! would you give them to the people using your app ?
what else would you try to do
ambitious . i feel like you should focus on needs assessment and connection to services first .
giant changes will not work without a strong foundation and evidence for initial success.
wonderful . i have a big slice of chocolate cake and i am ready to dig in !
when i am not chasing my siberian huskies 2 of them ! i like to play the guitar .
mmmm chocolate cake with lots of extra frosting . . . oh , sorry , got distracted .
i am a state trooper state of michigan !
you have a very important job also
if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work closer to the beach.
you should go to florida it is always warm there
lol your spelling error made me giggle . i just love boating so florida is great
i am going well ! just turned my hair pink !
haha . i have a girlfriend . she is the best . she helped me dye it. I wish I could dye my hair a different color every week.
i dress steampunk . my girl and my older brother run around the city like that .
i do not have fish around here .
ok . fair . i do not have fish worth eating around here . haha
i make things steampunk . it is more art than work .
oh , she works for the man . two by two , hands of blue ?
yes . absolutely . my girlfriend helps me scavenge cool art things i think i need to marry her .
hello , i am doing well . another day , another dollar , driving for the man .
true , you seem to be very simple . what kind of work do you do ?
a noble pursuit . what kind of bait do you use ?
if i were a fish , i would be all over fried chicken .
it is unclear what you are referring to . do you drive ?
oh okay , totally . so do i , but i get paid for it .
fill out the necessary paperwork and send it to the rector of your parrish .
you are most welcome . my children are my reason for living .
hiking is my favorite thing to do . what about you ?
where do you live ? i am in vermont .
i work as an environmental activist . you ?
no pets . do you guys have many parks in texas ?
whats the dogs name ? i have visited like 12 national parks, I wish I could hike in the national parks more often, it's so peaceful.
1 of each ! what part of texas do you live in ?
i am sad as well , missing my father today
i have never traveled to japan i would like to some day
i have visited new york and i agree it is nice i prefer to be rural areas
i work from home , where i live with my mother
i will be 33 on my next birthday
no i am single no kids
i like to spend time on the weekends meeting new people
have you seen any great movies lately ?
good , how are you ?
do you have animals ? i have 1 dog , 1 cat . cat is bigger than dog .
pig would be fun . i wonder if one would free dive with me ?
dive off cliffs into the ocean . what do you like to do ?
me too . i love technology . i wish i would never die . i wanna free dive forever .
orlando . i live with my girl friend . i only date girls i am shorter than .
6 foot . my girl friend is 6 2 . love those long legs . she is beautiful . how about you ?
photographer , how about you ? what do you do ? hobbies ? spouse ?
hi , i just got back from a country music concert .
that is good , salads all day everyday .
i wish i can have a million dollars too , that would be awesome .
i work as a teacher so the money is not much , but i like it .
not really , in my spare time i write fictional novels
hockey is cool , my dad likes hockey .
wow that is intense , i am too much of scary cat to do that .
i m good i m going to going to my private school high school later
instead of using a car, I drive a motorcycle.
well my mom and now they have a european accent, but I wish I could go to a high school with a film studies program.
it is so cool i have some college courses that i m thinking about taking.
what artist of the usual
anything look for it in the listing
i m actually a full-time student.
i am doing great what about you ?
i want to start a juicy bar and needs help . can you help find some ?
oh great . and you help me select the right music to always play
wish i can site it at the beach love reading books at the beach
yes i do but mostly vegetarians because i am one too
we can be one . love surfing the internet so we can always chat
i am from the midwest . i just went back to school .
no retired veteran and you
i have a girlfriend very in love hope to marry
how fun . what city ? i was there once in the military
how nice . once I get my bachelor's degree, a great honeymoon spot, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
well this will be exciting . do not forget your passport .
oh that takes a while better go soon .
i love chocolate ice cream . you.
i am good , getting ready to head to the bookstore where i work
3 years , where do you work ?
that sounds exciting ! do you have any tattoos
I have 3 , my parents do not know
i love healthy food , veggies and such since my mom is a nurse
eating healthy is easy for me because I do not have a car, but if I had a car, I would love to go on road trips to explore new places.
i have never driven , so no drive thus , my dog died recently
I love animals , but cannot bear to lose them
hello , how are you tonight ? if I could choose any hair color, I would pick purple.
i do not , i do teach kindergarten and i love it .
it does , but i love kids . what do you do ?
very nice , how did you do that ?
you took your findings to the lab while you were in the shower ?
oh , okay . that was a little hard to understand . i am mia , and you ?
that is unusual , how did you end up with that nickname ?
i do love to walk , hike also .
i am doing good just feeding my snake
no i do not . have you ever went skydiving ?
do you like to play video games ?
i understand . what games pay ?
i am from the planet saturn
i am also a famous character online
all i can think about is moving away, I dream of living in the middle of a bustling city instead of the desert.
are there nice gentlemen there that like women with 4 breasts ?
hey just got done watching the walking dead . what are you doing
japanese is a hard language to learn . do you like sports, if I could, I would live in Japan to immerse myself in the culture and language.
are you from japan ?
i love baseball and am a die hard tigers fan .
i have a wife i am in my early 40s .
that is a cute name what kind of dog is her
they are and very loyal .
i am good , did you ride skateboard to school ?
girl power ! that is so cool , do you wear zebras socks ?
i love zebras , you must look cute on those socks
i write , but i want to be an actress, even though I'm allergic to milk. Zebras are my favorite animals.
a famous one , milk makes me sick , are you allergic to it , i am.
i know , i will have to dye my hair , they want me to walk in the beach, but I wish I could enjoy the beach like others do.
i hate the beach because it will ruin my blond hair .
i am good and i hope you are too
i live in the suburbs in new jersey .
i am in my late forties and live alone
i love pizza and i love to watch shows about superheroes. I wish I could join a superhero team and fight crime.
i have a samsung phone but i like i phones better , what about you ?
yes . . . about the batteries exploding ? what kind of work do you do ?
wow , that work is not easy . . . . i have a lot of responsibility at work
right now i have to give 2 monitors for work , that i owe them
that is nice , good luck to you.
very good , just went for a nice run, I wish I could run as fast as the wind.
studying in college for phys ed , what do you do ?
very nice , any sports that you play ?
people though i should play basketball because of my height , i prefer weightlifting
i am 6 7 , what is your favorite food ?
i personally like any eat or pasta , keep me away from veggies though
san francisco , lots of nice hills to go running on
nice , do you do photography for people or nature ?
great . do you want to be my friend ?
i want to go to one but i am only 10, but I wish I could attend a philosophy lecture at umass.
do you like animals ? cats and dogs are my fav i love them
no , i am home schooled i do not leave the house i live in
no , not much , but i have lots of friends . i can ask
i am young , blonde hair , blue eyes . pony tails .
are you a boy or a girl
i am always so tired , how are you ?
is that your favorite ? i am so tired i am expecting my first child .
i am not sure i hope its a boy . my dad is so judgemental .
my dad is a preacher an is crazy we live in the old country
any books in about horses ? i love horses mines name is beauty .
really ? if I weren't afraid of horror novels, I would love to read one with you.
i am a burger kind of gal , and grew up on a ranch ,
running relaxes me i love to do it, but if I didn't become a veterinarian, I might have pursued a career in the military like my brother.
i like to sit and just chill out . because my two nephews can be a handful .
i have and somehow they run my battery dry within 3 hours .
that is why i run for long periods so I can keep my sanity intact .
my brother is stationed in Kuwait and i help my sis in law with the kids
no pets i sometimes think my nephew as pets lol no different than a puppy
yeah it is because people can talk .
hello . i am jake . nice to meet you .
so do you have a profession ? in an orchestra i am the violinist .
never . i have been playing since i was four . it pays more than lifting weights .
well that is something . i am sure the nurses , like my mother , sees you a lot .
i am sure your ego is from mommy issues ? maybe a pet can help calm you down .
sometimes the strongest men are the weakest people . If I weren't a violinist, I might have considered weightlifting.
i will enjoy my favorite indian dish and look for dogs to adopt while you do.
i am doing well . wedding planning . yay ! 6 more months . you ?
oh . i am babysitting . its my side hustle
hey it paid for my mercedes . no complaints
ugh i wish . my wedding is in 6 months . ferrari has to wait . . . If I could redo my wedding, I would have a destination wedding in Italy.
maybe i can get one as a wedding gift . . being the middle kid sucks . parents neglect ya
i have 2 baby boys . but i am the middle of my brother 27 and sister 16
oh why do you say ?
hello ! i am good , just got back from the lake . i love the water .
oh no, why are u confined ?
saving for college . my parents kicked me out at 14 , so it's been rough, but if I could, I would live by the ocean and listen to the waves every day.
with my aunt . what movies do you like . i prefer cartoons lol
sadly my parents were drunks and we did not see eye to eye , and thank you
cuddle time with the animals ! do you have hobbies ?
true and sorry to hear you're confined.
i am a 19 year old alcoholic
i play baseball at college, but I wish I could play baseball like Mike Trout.
that sucks you should go see her
is it far far away ?
do you know mike trout ?
oh no i am sorry
do you follow baseball at a ; ; ?
well then . . . i do i love it
i am doing very well
i was writing to my grandchildren, but I wish I could take my grandchildren out on my boat more often.
sometimes i do , but they have their own lives .
i am sorry about that
that definitely is not good
do you really feel bad
why do you hate it
i bet that it really hurts
i am alright how about you ?
did you put any cheese on it ?
good i despise cheese greatly
i like to cook but not with cheese obviously, if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy the taste of cheese.
nope just being an amazing cook
that would be great i enjoy cooking
great ! just got back from some dbt therapy . it really helps me
dialectical behavioral therapy . i use it to help with my borderline personality
it is difficult but i am learning so much and becoming a better person
exercise is great . i get my exercise by partying, but I prefer staying in and reading a good book over going out to party.
what are you studying there ?
they are to me too . i am a dental assistant .
i am so sorry to hear that . do you ever drink and drive ?
i do after a long day at work .
good , i just finished swimming , how about you ?
it is hard to swim since i am missing a toe , pinky .
i wish i can sing , when i sing my four dogs howl .
but i can cook really good i enjoy it .
i just don not care for green eggs and i hate ham .
kim , it is basic but i like it and you ? what is your favorite food to cook ?
i like bacon on everything even ice cream lol
you have to tried it , it is better than fried ice cream for sure !
hello nancy , i am john . nice to meet you too .
haha , i like playing online games
me either , i just graduated high school and heading to uc sonata cruz alone
haha , i will just be study computer science and eating my vegetarian meals .
thank you ! ! i have a feeling your going to have alot more fun than i am .
if i was younger i would have to agree .
hello how are you doing ?
i volunteer as a firefighter at my local firehouse if I could see colors, I would pursue a career in art.
i have an associates degree in marketing .
i am 30 years old and live with my parents .
i have issues seeing colors .
i am in the process of trying to buy a supermarket .
what are your hobbies that you enjoy ?
i love spending time with my family also .
i am well darkness has come so my work day is over
i do not work like average people have a farm and several dogs
that is cool u understand . i love bartering what i do not grow myself
i am 5 foot 7 one day i will inherit this farm, but if I had to choose a city to settle down in, it would be New York for its vibrant energy and endless opportunities.
i am open minded i have a girlfriend who has a boyfriend
we are and i love the family we have she is expecting and that is exciting
only when it is storming out can i play long games
it can be enjoyable to be lazy sometimes . i like to relax on the beach .
that sounds nice . i ride my bike on a nice path that goes through the trees .
oh no . it is a fine path .
it does not literally go through a tree . ha ha ha .
i have simplified my life . i was once employed with a cable company .
i now make rope . i work with many people . you would not be lonely there .
oh yes . you would like it . i like it there .
we have plenty of rope to make . i do not know what the deal with cable is .
i am fine , how are you ?
i work at a pizza restaurant , so sometimes .
yes , i like the customers , and it is not too high pressure .
i like going to the beach . where do you go ?
i like art . yeah , but if I could choose any major, it would be photography to capture the beauty of nature.
i like going with my friends to places with nature .
do you use fresh vegetables in your restaurant ?
i like growing my own spices , like basil or rosemary.
hello , do you have any hobbies ? i like collecting bugs in big jars
that sounds fun ! i also like cars , i used to be a mechanic for a few years .
i love music , when i thought about joining the military it got me through a lot
honestly , i listen to everything but i love christian music most .
I wish I had pursued a career in the military instead of politics because i only thought about it i never actually joined after running for office in 2004.
i did not win , but i still am involved in many politics .
i do love traveling ! i have been over most of america , and also mexico
very cool , i would love to visit overseas someday.
i am a bit tired , long day and you ? i am a fan of anime
no sports but i listen to techno only and wear band shirts .
well that sucks . i build drones for a career .
oh yeah testing them is the fun part about my job
i run 2-3 hours a day .
i totally understand how stressful that can be .
why do you want to be 6 foot tall ? I wish I could attend anime conventions in different countries.
hi , i am a police officer . how is the recovery going ?
whatever works for you . i occupy my time hunting with my 2 dogs .
i also play video games . what hobbies do you have ? If I could have any job in the world, I would be a professional gamer.
oh , wow ! ! is she still your girlfriend ?
interesting , are you seeking medical attention for it ?
what did you do for a living before you retired ?
that had to be an interesting life .
i can imagine . did you live in a big city with lots to report ?
why yes and hello there !
i had to switch to chrome browser for this to work properly
we do not use the mic on this
we just role play by typing on this hit
if only I had learned how to swim when I was younger, I would have loved to go on beach vacations
sure i would love to
gl on the next one
hi how are you today
i wish i lived by a barn here in nashville
i like their farmer markets here , i go every weekend
tomatoes , i grow them , i am passionate aout to the environment
i do too in my spare time , i also play music when i am free
i play guitar when i am not working at the local community college . you ?
that is great . i like motor sports
great i have a sleepover this weekend
it is for a friend he finally catching up and turning 10, but if only my dad could spend more time at home, things would be different.
wow my dad works so much i rarely see him but my mom is my teacher
it makes me popular at school but i feel like it is wrong
i mean cause she teacher , we have a big house
wow you understand me ! my best friend is milo my dog and cat named oreo
i had to give my dog nutmeg to the vet he was very sick
we took him 6 months ago
i am okay how are u
nice is this your first time creating a romance novel ?
that is good what else do you do besides writing books ?
lol very nice what kinds of foods do you cook at the diner ?
i work as a infant assistant teacher at a daycare
yea its not my life long career it will work for now, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to fly like Superman.
i want to work for myself work from home run my own homedaycare whafabout you ?
i am great . how are you ?
that is great exercise . may i will play . i just stopped eating junk food.
i have been a couch potato . so i am trying to change. If I had a job, I would spend all my money on comic books.
that is awesome . i do not have a job at the moment .
i really comic books . maybe you can invest with me in a comic book store.
that is so exciting . i am glad you share my love of comics.
maybe i can workout with you . i am tired of being a couch potato.
plucking my eyebrows . they are blonde . yours ?
you ever bitten by a dog ? i have .
huh ? i love vampire movie music with pizza . you ?
yes . alternative rock is vampire music . you still in high school ?
is your hair blonde ? you skateboard ?
my hair is blonde and i love pizza . you ?
when you poultry you know you are just eating a dead bird right ?
is it ? try reading a murder mystery while jazz plays . mind-blowing !
i do not i have computers though, but if I could, I would spend all day reading about astrophysics.
what do you do for work i work at google
that is cool , you must be good at math
nice , that is all you need , i consider myself a nerd at heart
maybe it is , i not sure
that is cool since , when did you learn
cool sounds good , i love jazz
i am well thanks and you ?
i do work . have a bit of a shopping issue so i need to and you ?
you won the lottery is that it ?
does it have downfalls winning all that ?
do you have a favorite singer ?
only want to be rich to be able to help as many people i could, if only I could afford to travel the world and attend Katy Perry's concerts.
katy perry is my favorite .
well , i love going fishing with my four attractive daughters every day .
cool maybe you would like to run a charity at my new race track . i race cars .
would you like to marry one of my four attractive daughters ? i will sell one, but if I could change one thing about my daughters, it would be to have them pursue careers in robotics.
very attractive , but one plays board games with me . i like her the best
hmm i have a large swimming pool filled with gold coins i like to bury myself in .
i am very strong i had my arms replaced with robot limbs
yeah , some like to call mr mr . arms my daughter love my arms too
we had a robot dog that one of my daughters made . but it exploded killing thousands.
nope i am gonna be the cause of the worlds change one day, but I wish I had pursued a career in comedy instead.
what do you call a bear with no teeth ?
a gummy bear ! no , i just have faith in our future.
that is ok . where do cows go for entertainment ?
the moo vies i tell jokes all the time !
banks are fun . how do you tell if an elephant has been in your fridge ?
ha , i do not , but you can tell from the footprints in the butter.
it is ok . you have a cow ? that is really cool !
haha . that is so cute ! i do not have any pets . too sick .
i cannot with my diabetes . i wish i could . plus it is very expensive .
lucky . could you pay off my medical bills ?
nasty ? i do not know about that . but if you say so . lol
i liked to run . i wish i could still run .
i ran a half marathon at disney world !
yes ! i had horrible shin splints ! i miss it .
hello , i am fine thank you . i am just finishing my chores .
yes , i am from the year 1860 . i was brought here as a slave .
i am married to a fellow slave and we had two children together .
wonderful ! i should clarify . my wife and I both escaped after 10 years as slaves .
well we escaped and met again 10 years later and were married . we are happy .
both of our children had babies . we have 5 granddaughters and two grandsons .
grandchildren are a blessing ! i bet you enjoy them !
My dream job would have been to become a historian to study and preserve our past.
i am really happy with things occurring in my life , how about you ?
yes , i love nirvana , do you have a favorite band ?
i understand . i am a waitress at the quaint dinner so we listen to it a lot, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of becoming a waitress.
that sounds like fun . do you have a job ?
that is cool . i dress very casual so the waitress job fits me .
i do not think that would make me happy . you only live once .
that it is dear friend ! what kind of cupcakes do you want to make ?
that reminds me of baskin robbins ice cream.
i am doing well just relaxing before work . you ?
org i love that show ! i have to wait till my daughter is sleep .
so we have that in common lol . who is your fav character ?
actually its a good plan considering how many characters they get rid of .
i am a waitress currently . you ? If I could, I would dye my hair a vibrant shade of purple.
wow that is really interesting ! what made you want to do ranger school ?
oh really . do you have family in the military ?
good and god bless you ,
nothing i am lost but i trust that god will help me find the way. I wish I could find the strength to overcome my weaknesses like you.
i struggle because i can be selfish . what do you do ?
i can relate i am always running from evil .
wow i used to do that when i got broken up with .
i do too and burgers are my weakness i never share .
you sound like you are a bear . god loves bears .
i still have a broken heart so i am not so smart .
me too ! tell me about yourself .
i am in college too ! i am a total jock in on an athletic scholarship .
i am a man . . . what about you ? i am always looking for a romantic relationship .
that is interesting . . . i have tons of friends but never met someone like you .
oh yeah totally i am a total jock so love biking , hiking , swimming , the works .
i tried but always forgot to put it on the curb on the right day . you ?
yeah i am easily distracted so i am always forgetting things. I wish I could focus more on my studies and be less distracted.
probably basketball because i can hang with all my friends . you ?
no i would rather read to my twins, if only I could illustrate for Stephen King, that would be a dream come true.
i need to finish the digital illustrations i am working on .
i am hoping to publish an illustrated version of a stephen king novel . my fav author
my husband writes books about our twins . i hope they stay forever too .
i hope they develop a love of reading as that is my favourite hobby .
no . they still need a babysitter now though . i guess they could play video games .
well you should probably find a way to turn your video addiction into a profession .
well that would be fun would it not ?
oh i am about five seven now a days
lol . oh no , that is awful ! i love cream in my coffee
i just love the beastie boys . they are my idols, if I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a music producer.
sweet ! do you like music ?
i love country ! and hip hop .
uh , okie dokie , i am not sure what that means . lol
oh ! i am really sorry . i love babies
i am doing well thanks for asking
i work for a hospital as a nurse . you ?
toyotas are great . so reliable
yes ! do you sell that ?
i do not often eat grapes . too squishy
but than the whale hunters might run out of blubber ! duh . . . if I could have any superpower, I would choose to have the ability to heal instantly.
of course . my name is jim . i have 3 other brothers . what about you ?
congratulations . i also draw animated pictures for cartoons . i
i cant dance but i will learn once i get my new home
you can dance well by now . my mother taught me how to p lay the piano .
wow . how much is the pay ? help me get out of my apartment .
well . that would be helpful but the travel expenses are a killer .
yes that sounds about right . my mom teaches music
i wish cause that is where i would be . i need me a vacation .
video games is one hobbie . also being an amateur cook . how about yourself ?
well at least your healthy . i try to with the 5 cuisines i know how to cook .
i guess some restaurants are stick and waitress is hard too
oh awesome . i wish i had a boyfriend living alone sucks .
i never been to houston . i am stuck at nasa here in florida .
yes . it was pretty devastating . but we will pull together and be stronger .
hi . i am good . you ?
i am a stay at home mom . you ?
oil . that is difficult ! i take care of my kids so not too easy
haha little different . do u need to clothe feed entertain them ?
haha . the worst part for me is grocery shopping for the family
thanks i am working on starting a vegetarian diet but its difficult, i wish I could stick to a vegetarian diet, but pork tastes too good for me to give up.
i am great just playing with my parrot
4 year old . he says my mommy does not love me haha
i am originally from baton rouge where were you born ?
i have never been there . i am a chef, but I wish I could show off my classic French cooking skills at a prestigious restaurant.
i cook for a caterer . what do you do ?
i do not work in public because i am embarrassed by my male pattern baldness
oh lord no . a toupee ?
i just am weird like that i guess . i go out just not a lot .
i would love to go to a rock concert but i am single. If I didn't have my dogs, I would probably travel more often.
i work online as a professional gamer , which has been a great career
i have never ridden in a cab , mainly because i love my dogs
i enjoy ice cream while i play league of legends . its a treat
i love to play it , but that could be because its part of my job too .
do you allow dogs in your cab ?
i think that is why i am single , i have 5 dogs
that is a good idea . my job keeps me pretty tied up and traveling too.
i am great ! i love being married
45 years . it has been a lot
yes , too long if you ask me
oh , right . i love art projects . I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
i am a really strong female
right ! but i do . for 45 years
way way too much of one
it is terrible . too hot
i also am from wisconsin , waukesha in fact .
i am a baker and to make up for it i go on a lot of walks .
i do not have a car . i commute to my job as a teacher, if I didn't have allergies, I would have a pet cat too.
i am an only child but my two cats are like siblings .
i heard its very expensive .
what do you do for work to afford such things ?
i used to be a corporate chef , but now i teach culinary school .
not much , looking in the mirror deciding if i should get botox, I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design instead of avoiding it.
i am not stressed i just want to look fabulous forever lol
so what do you do for a living ?
cool . i have never had a job before
i have a degree in fashion design just never used it
oh that is not my cup of tea.
me too ! i bet they are very good, but I wish I could compete in swimming at the Olympics.
traveling is exhausting . just playing watching some esports
oh ya ? what kind of food do you cook ?
run or swim . i like to keep my heart healthy
that is cool . ya i do not play a lot of video games . its just cool to watch
glad i could share some useless knowledge
yes , but personally i think it is pretty rubbery
i like to sing , do you ?
your job seems better than my silly coffee house job, but I wish I could perform on Broadway someday.
i am a student at michigan state
not really , my home town is quite far away .
have you ever seen a broadway show ?
biology , i am a scientist
no i have not , but i like to sing tunes from broadway shows
no , i have not heard of it , i like Nirvana as well .
i do not live in a big city , and i travel a lot, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in music.
i travel all over the world , i throw a dart at the map and go .
no , i retired from the military several years ago .
i dress in jeans and tee . i volunteer at a shelter .
my husband is a detective , and he is gone a lot . i like to stay busy .
i love football , my husband is in Vegas at a softball tourney
life goes on , and he is an officer , he is not afraid of bad guys .
its going good ! just got home from visiting my dad , he is in prison . you ? I wish I could visit my dad more often.
i am okay . . gonna go run later i love it . maybe listen to some creed .
what do you like for dinner ?
that sounds good . i only like meat honestly .
i do not care for them .
that is awesome ! i am not though lol
that is cool ! what do you have planned for tonight
eh i am ok , school just started . how are you ?
i could never do a job that people tell me what to do .
i actually just got fired for a mistake i made, I wish I could take back that mistake.
sounds fun . i think i am going get on a train to anywhere tonight , start over, I wish I could start a new life in a different country.
believe me i will need it . nice meeting you .
i shaved all mine off so people would think different of me .
very well , and you ? i am getting ready to watch the sunset . i love it .
nice ! i love watching it rise , too . i wake up early just to watch it .
well , after i watch , i eat breakfast , then it is back in bed !
i enjoy it . i work a lot , like 60 hours a week , so it is my escape, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have more time to travel the world.
yes it is . no , no kids . how about you ?
i bet ! maybe i should go out and exercise more with my time off .
oh yeah ? i play golf .
good how are you ?
i like to play chess , how about you ?
i like to have sword fights in the park
its fun . whats your favorite drink ?
i really like mountain dew
i do not know . . . maybe pizza ?
what color is your hair ?
I wish I could try a different hair color, like a classy blonde.
hi how are you today
wow are you a youtube person
what else do you do
that does sound like fun really
yeah that does sound great
i really love video games
i would say halo definitely
yeah that was made by the same company
hey ! i am great . my name is jessica . my cat's name is jasper
she is an indoor cat . i always have her by my side
i do not have much free time . i work 50 hours as a barista, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to work as a florist surrounded by roses.
that is too cool . what is your favorite flower ?
i absolutely love roses too !
i do love pasta but not egg noodles , since i eat only vegan
the past few years . it was challenging at first but now it is second nature
i just do not like the way that animals are treated in factory farming
hello ! my name is ayako . just hanging out with my cats all over me . . you ?
i enjoy crocheting , but if I could travel back in time, I would explore different hobbies to crochet.
that can be enjoyable . where are you from ?
are you married ? i am .
sorry to hear that . i am in michigan . originally japan . ia is a great place for cloud watching !
i prefer vanilla myself .
i would imagine . northen mi is a good spot too .
i am great , how are you ?
just listening to some folk music, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of joining the navy.
i like all music genres . do you have a fave ?
yes , i have a communication degree
i am actually in the navy . what do you do for a living ?
oh okay why did you quit
cool . . . do you have any hobbies
hi i am doing ok how are you
sometimes it depends i can be lazy
that would be cool ,
my dad is george looney so i kinda have to lol i hate acting tho
its ok the paparazzi is crazy i am glad he protected us from them .
yeah i am older i got divorced 3 times had to keep that hidden too
yeah i do i listen to every type there is .
he is pretty cool he is very nice too
good , just got done watching pretty woman my favorite movie
yes ! being an rn I love people its a god-given gift .
I love to read books on cooking since becoming a vegan I find it helps me, but if I had more time, I would love to learn how to surf.
i do not use it but i have friends that do
i am interested in electronics a little since having two smartphones i like to tinker
yes you have to be careful around water
haha monkeys are fun to watch for sure
oh no i am laughing . . . sorry that is not funny
hello , on purpose i say bad jokes . I wish I could tell you a joke in German right now.
just for fun . i live in germany i speak it very well
sure but i do not speak it for free . my dream is to be a tiger
i cant right now . how tall are you ?
yes but not right now . i am a red head like my mom and dad
sorry its just used in my job
why do you want to make sure that i speak german
trust me i do know how to speak it
cool , in my free time i like to go hiking, but i wish I could still draw and paint like you do in my free time.
lucky , i finished college with a degree but then i became a farmer
haha out of 4 children i am the youngest . funny
that is unfortunate , i actually lost my arm from a car accident so i do not have to
true , but i guess at least i can still go hiking and farm
yeah thanks you are so nice ! i will give you fresh eggs in return
do you go to casino usually ?
i finished my degree in statistics to go try work
my 3 kids motivates me to work hard
i wanted to go back to study to becoming managers
blackjack , i can count the cards i know it
that is a skill that all players wants
that is right and true
it could be , that is possible
not much . kinda stuck at home with my folks .
i know right ? i remember those days .
barely . then i worked at a coffeehouse before i got let go .
that sucks . what do you plan on doing when you graduate ?
kentucky scares me a bit . i get the impression its not so tolerant .
maybe as a university town it will be better . maybe its just me .
i live in portland , oregon .
weird , like me ! do you know what you are going to major in at kentucky ?
is that what you want ? it can be hard living up to parental expectations .
what do you play ? what do you listen to ?
i am a huge fan of rob halford from judas priest .
great song . i wish i could be as open as rob about my sexuality .
maybe for you too . go for your music dreams while you can .
it came from you ! i got to run , but it was good talking to you .
getting ready to go to work at target . you ?
ugh , that must be difficult work . do you have any pets ?
nice . i have an amazing dog . i buy her a treat every day after work .
i try . where are you from ?
i live in california, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field like graphic design.
it is . do you have a favorite color ?
cool ! i really love the color green .
hi there . how are you ?
exhausted . i played doubles in tennis with my sisters, but if I had more free time, I would love to join a tennis league.
two sisters . i am a baker , what do you do ?
moms a dentist , i cannot help her .
i would rather watch silicon valley . my bakery keeps me busy .
my mom does not bake , she does not even cook .
yes , it is . on fourth street .
good day friend . can you say hi to my dog toto ?
and my grandma is here too . she is from denmark . she says hi, if my grandma could visit more often, we could learn some Danish traditions together.
do not you hate that ? especially when you are eating .
does your place serve meatloaf ? i love the stuff ! !
whats more annoying is what smell my car has now . it is bad ! ! !
i will have to drive there soon . cant miss my green car ! ! !
songs, that is what I listen to all day!
very nice. Are you happy with your job?
I love chilling at the lake and walking around on bright, sunny days... join me if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to incorporate more music into my teaching.
I love singing songs too... if your school needs a music teacher!
oh, fantastic! you just made me the happiest girl on earth!
will do! my name's Jim!
if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to incorporate more music into my teaching.
how old are you , i am 29 , i work nights
i love to hike and ride my bike to stay fit after all that junk food
nah , do not like those type of films i am from suburb part of boston, but I wish I could visit a comic book convention in San Diego.
which one ? what is it called ?
nope , why did you ask ? do you know ?
ok , did you still remember which marvel comic ?
nice , do you read comics today ?
i am doing okay , thanks . i am just a little frustrated . how about you ?
i quit my job translating spanish for my company and have no work .
i figured out i hated translating and want to be a writer , but its hard .
thanks . i have no brothers or sisters . do you have any ?
oh ! so was i ! i think my wish to write is because of that .
thank you ! maybe you can be my accountant if i make it ! ha ha !
there are lots of kinds of love , so yeah , i do .
oh no , that is sad . i am sorry .
do you own a gym or are you a bodybuilder ?
ah , i rarely have much time to eat cheeseburgers , always on the go
i travel around the world often, but if I had pursued my father's passion for writing, I might have traveled more for inspiration.
what do you do for work ?
i do not work either , i live off my father's wealth
do you have a favorite color ?
no , what lake do you fish in ?
do you run far distances ?
not great , my fibromyalgia is acting up . you ?
i wish i still lived in va , pa is rough
the winter is hard on my fibromyalgia .
growing up on a farm , it is different
i wish ! what do you do for fun ?
cool ! i do beadwork , in fact i write my own patterns .
yes , and i love to read ! are you an actress ?
i see . i still have boxes to unpack !
i wish i did i draw and stuff
do you read comics ? i make them
what about anime ? how do you feel about that ?
no i just stay home and read
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i know , it is the best right ?
so is pink i guess
i really really like hot dogs
just sitting at the bar people watching . i feel so different since the war, if I could turn back time, I would choose a different path in life.
it was long ago but i am still so angry about it
i am old and been long time so i do not recall but the anger stays
i collect cars , jaguars specifically . you ?
oh that is good . keep you innocence young one
oh what good memories that brings back ! what do you play ?
that is probably bigger than you are ! !
biking is fun ! i bike in nyc . are you there too ?
that sounds beautiful ! i like nyc too much though, but if I could travel anywhere in the world, I would choose to go to Paris.
how did you get into that ? i am a dog walker so have a flexible schedule
that is cool . have you traveled outside of the us ?
i have never left the country , but my best friend is in japan , and i would love to visit
nyc has a lot of people too .
poodle , i don t know , i m not good with dogs
nice , do you like sports ? if I could, I would trade my Olympic medal for a chance to travel the world.
yes , i quit cause i enjoy fast good too much
do you like skydive ? i go skydiving frequently
i had to stay in the house for a week , need some new medications to live
yes , i like them very much
yes , thank you for that , i will listen to them
do you like being married ?
i cannot wait until fall break omg i just want to dance
i would drive us in my lexus to dance ! i could not try to count the money
just hope socks would not try to jump in your lap she thinks she can everywhere
sorry to hear about your lost . i miss my family i am out of state studying dance
if I were better at math, I would have pursued a career in engineering.
thanks hope your hamburger was well !
great ! i just got back from a nature walk with my kids
i cant eat shrimp , we keep them and dogs as pets, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a wildlife photographer.
being a stay at home mom and my nature walks with my two kids .
but those winnings are soooo sweet
in my 30 years on this earth , and as a mother , that is so sweet
my best friend is my husband , that man works so hard to bring the money home
always going for your wallet ?
sorry to hear that why want to eat pumpkin with me it will make you feel better
what about shrimp do you like that
those sound like my idea of fun
i like to travel with my beagle
i can not stand adobe
i am sorry to hear that
i love music of all types
that sounds like a great time
i am fine , how are you ?
i am a general in a video game for a orcish army
no , no kids . i am a 32-year-old who still lives at home. I wish I could travel back in time and spend more moments with my dad.
i play video games and watch Netflix mainly
there are never enough hours in the day
that is a lot of things to keep you busy
can i join you ? that sounds like a nice alternative .
learning . a second spent not learning is a second wasted . i love the internet .
mainly maintenance of mechanical systems . i like to be able to not pay for anything . you know ?
smart ! i just sit on the floor in empty rooms . saves energy .
i am more than just a taxi driver . i have a brain too , you know .
actually my brain is bigger than average on account of all the maps up there .
not really , i interface better through the internet medium . in person , i keep my earphones in .
that must have been traumatic . have you tried gelato therapy ? works wonders, i wish I could attend a rock concert with my fiancee.
well , i live in a home , and i got a job at a diner
i am not married . have an apartment with my best friend from h . s .
what are their names , your kids ?
sound like biblical names . great ! do they go to the same school ?
cute . i am gonna go to bed soon or i will be late for work . tomorrow
thanks . you too . if I could change one thing, I would love to have a pet cat to keep me company.
my mom has been raising me since i was five , when my dad left, I wish I could travel the world like you do.
i am in construction , training so i can be a welder
haha , just give me some popcorn and i am game
my favorite thing is going on roller coasters
yes please , i love secrets
org , my cat just had 4 ! ! ! ! ! !
i sit around in my cardigan because i hope it makes me look more cultured.
that is horrible . my dad was a genius , i never knew him .
my step dad was not much better , he preferred to ignore me .
it is okay , if only I could see the world clearly without any aids, I am in it and make pretty good money .
it comes naturally to me , even though i do not like it very much .
that is so sweet ! i am not married , nor do i have a boyfriend .
that is true , i do not have time to date right now .
that is better than me without my glasses and contacts .
oh it is almost my day
that is nice i work also , i was left at birth
tulips , i met my mom when i was 16 was weird
i would never give up my child
yes it is , i heard it is a lot of us , do not know the others
me also , i am in a party store so hey
i work there lol nothing yet
yea it is alright lol helps me survive
well i am in the desert , and i do not like open spaces ! how are you ?
i am cooking a recipe from the barefoot contessa . what are you up to ?
great ! what is your best dish ?
if only I could overcome my fear of open spaces, I would travel to see the world's wonders. it was about tomato soup .
yes , i love hells kitchen . i sing when i cook . i have a great pitch .
i am a writer . i won a spelling be as a kid , so i love words !
good ! how goes it ? what do you enjoy ?
that is good ! healthy ! i really love exercising too ! what else ?
do you have any pets ? i have a puppy , he is a boxer .
his name is micco , he is 4 months old ! i love music , like listening to all kinds, but I wish my father lived closer so we could spend more time together.
it was really nice out today
i was out with the kids , they were riding bikes , driving me crazy as usual
i have 1 daughter , but i am babysitting a friends kids , he has 3
i bet it is fantastic , but i do not eat any type of bread
i bet it is great at the holidays , winter is my favorite time of year
i love christmas , my friend gave me a car for christmas one year
it was a special car because i am physically handicapped and cannot walk, if only I could walk, I would explore the beauty of winter even more.
yes , i have amazing friends .
oh that is awful . mine brought me vitamin c today , because i feel a cold coming on
it certainly sounds that way
time for a bbq sandwich and pizza snacks , my favorites !
do you have any hobbies ? i spend time with my imaginary friend, but I wish I could join a local theater group and perform in plays.
i used to babysit . i am jo , aged 19 . how many kids ?
believe it or not , right near m . cyrus and pnb rock .
i watch a lot of tom and jerry , tho . it is not that cool .
do you work anywhere ? i have a part-time job .
how long have you been married ?
what does your husband do for work ?
hello i like to walk and i did 2 miles today
to see cars they are so awesome my favorite is the ford mustang
i walked my dog too i have a chihuahua and a pit bull
awesome do you work on cars too
i worked 3 jobs at once for the past 5 years
no ! not at all i love to go to the movies to ease my mind. If only I had more free time, I would watch movies every day.
sounds like some awesome films
quiet ! ! ! love to have my peace of mind
i am swell , how are you ?
oh ok , is that hard work ? people can be picky about food
cool , i own a bakery myself
yes but I wish I could play piano like my father used to. I think I eat too many cupcakes
i play music in honor of my deceased father
i love classical and jazz
are you an avid runner ? i cut my hair short so i could run better
great good form of exercise.
just getting up , have to go pick up my leather from the cleaners . how are you
i party all night listening to metal , so I usually get up late . do you like music ?
the club bouncer was teasing me about my spiky hair last night . what do you study ?
working nights, going to med school must keep you busy . do you have any hobbies ?
you have kids also ? i am glad i do not have any !
with 2 kids, a job, med school, how do you find time to dance ?
that must be nice . . . i can barely afford to have all my leather clothes cleaned ! If I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in music instead of medicine.
lol . . . from dancing in a club to doctor is a pretty big switch !
i am good but hungry .
i prefer pizza . what kind of food do you like ?
what other things do you like to do ?
i like to pretend to be other people, if I had a chance to be someone else, I would love to pretend to be a race car driver.
lol , no but i pretended to be a doctor .
i also pretend to drive fast cars . are you ready to submit ?
me to see you on the other side !
thanks , i usually do not do this because i work all the time, but if I could take a break from work, I would love to travel the world with my family.
oh wow ! i only manage a restaurant with my brothers . that is amazing !
well family means everything to me so i am with them
great ! i usually drive around with them in my nice car . they love it
we usually go back to the restaurant , i take pride working there
yes , my whole life is work , work , work . how was the military ?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
how many more years do you have left ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i wish I could ride horses like you do in my spare time.
today is please for petes sake do not talk like a pirate day whatever you do
i am getting a degree in linguistics . we had to do a thesis on pirate jargon
you hit the two top words on your first try . . . good job ! yar and matey
speckles your only cat ? do you like to make clothes and work for peta ?
dammit ! i just crashed my car ! i knew i should not text and drive
at least i can watch tv in the hospital and get some fresh air while waiting
i guess i will have to forgo playing in the Super Bowl now . . that hurts, I wish I could play in the Super Bowl someday.
doing well , just go out of work . you ?
where do you work , the i am the grocery store .
i am a clerk at the grocery
so do i , do you have any pets ?
no it is small i have some cats . four of them .
they hate cats ? i have no dogs, but I wish I could bring my unicycle to work at the grocery store.
oh well that is not so bad
that sounds really nice . what music do you like ?
danny , how funny is this , its describing me to the t, but I wish I could have met Kesha in person, she seems so cool.
hate going to sleep early , so i am killing time , u ?
harvey the storm ? or ur bf ?
anyone who likes chocolate cake , what about yours ?
who does not know kesha ! love her too
do not really watch the simpsons , but they have been around forever
i like reading more than watching tv , i also love fried chicken
i am tired , just worked 12 hours . you ?
i am saving for a trip, but if I could, I would spend all my time hiking in the mountains.
i can watch the clouds from my plane ride
lol that is being lazy
i work as a custodian although i have 6 degrees . a huge nature fan and you ?
snake skin oil , sounds interesting
how about trying out something else
well it is time to start .
great ! how bout you ? i am jane by the way . and you ?
nice meeting you ! what are your favorite pass times ?
bow hunting with my boys and halloween shopping with my daughters !
we love it . just take what we can use and use all of the animal .
i have 6 kids . widowed right after youngest . had to learn to make do, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in music.
yep 3 and 3 and some days . . . . . . but would not trade them for anything
its been an adventure to say the least ! what about you ?
great ! are you parents married and do you live with them ?
i thought i lost you . i sing and have two animals . if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals. you have any pets ?
wow ! i am a tennis buff . you play tennis ?
great ! i love the color green . whats your fave color ?
your daughter does too what ? i love playing poker and petting animals . you ?
hmmm . so is green your fave color ?
oh okay . california is on fire and i sing karaoke . you sing ?
no . you own a tennis racket ? you married ?
hello , looking for work . ca not seem to keep a job for very long .
that is a good job , but i could not work in that area , i have bad habits .
me ? drinking . if i am not drinking , then i am wasting time thinking , which makes me uncomfortable.
i like all season . how about you ? do you have family ?
no driving . my family loves me , but they tend to stay away .
that is a nice car . you know , if only I could break this cycle of self-blame.
hello how are you today ?
oh no sorry to hear that . i know how you feel . i lost mines in june
csr for a company called door dash
csr customer service representative . that is what it stands for
no i did not think that because most do not know what that is
i just opened my own online clothing store last month
so i am hoping it does good and yes i dance
thank you . and oh cool me too
i am great , how are you ?
what a shame ! fish is so delicious , especially canned sardines !
that is okay . i am missing a pinky toe . life could be better .
do you enjoying eating ham ?
oh , that sounds amazing . i like ham , i just do not like it with green eggs . I wish I could swim like a dolphin in the ocean waves.
ahahah ! exactly ! what are your other hobbies besides hot chocolate ?
cool i will check it out after i am done with nursing school, but if I were not in nursing school, I would have pursued a career in ballet.
fancy . you would match at my ballet dances .
you are lucky ! my only parent is my mother and she taught sunday school .
can you get me a discount ? do you have siblings ? i do not .
nice . i do not have any pets . i want a dog though .
i think i will . what breed do you suggest ?
hm , maybe i will get a cat then . you think a tabby is good then ?
i am good hope you are well
yes i am around sports all the time
that sounds fun . what do you serve to eat ?
that sounds so good . what about dip ? cheese dip is my favorite
there is this pub cheese i always get at whole foods
yes i have a firm downtown . i am always working, if only I could take a break from work and watch football with friends like you.
do you like movies ? what is your favorite color ?
i love the color green . i am going to go exercise after this .
good thanks just listening to some classical music ! you ?
are you a mechanic ? i know nothing about cars .
very cool . i do freelance design for work right now .
i love it . I often imagine myself working on animated movies with a classical music soundtrack like dreamworks someday .
hopefully work on dreamworks movies like antz and home .
what do you do besides work on cars ?
great ! do you go to the gym ?
awesome . i should workout more but have been busy drawing and working .
i am enjoy , how about you ?
ok , are you married how many childrens ?
oh , what are your hobbies ?
good , i like cycle rider, if only I could compete in cycling races professionally
what is your favorite dish ?
i like pizza and meat , what is your father ?
my father also a cop , i working in a hotel as a waiter.
just prepping for another day selling snakeskin oil . you ?
are you asking if i am a time traveler ? no . are you
i find that offensive . are you married ?
no . just looking for love tips, if I could go back in time, I'd attend a Jacob Sartorius concert.
i already am . and i stared at him pretty hard today
no . he said he had to go and he would talk to me later . so i am hopeful
i am going to invite him over to look at clouds . optimistic
we probably will . thank you
i am doing well , just listening to some music . what about you ?
sounds like the class was boring .
me too . i will listen to anything if i can play along to it .
pizza , but since i am vegan i have to get creative with it .
awesome ! its sometimes hard to find vegan substitutes, but I wish I could skateboard professionally someday.
yes , healthy desserts are the best !
hi ! very well , and yours ? i am about done teaching first grade
maybe I can help ! do you like shopping ? maybe we could go together, if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to travel the world with my high school sweetheart.
awesome , me too ! maybe drink some iced tea on a patio somewhere before winter hits
not at the moment , but we can find some for you ! i do like cookies
yes ! do you like pizza with pepperoni ?
i do ! but i am not a fan of pineapples and ham
doing well . playing some basketball , which i enjoy .
no . by the way , i am gerald, but I wish I could pursue a career in basketball instead of working at McDonald's.
what is the song you learned ?
great song . what is your favorite color ?
green . love all those greens . do you play sports ?
where do you work ?
wow . important job . i am employed at mcdonalds .
nursing is a good job , too . hope to stop flipping burgers someday .
really great . just happy to be off of worth
what do you do for work ?
madonna ? like the famous singer ? ?
maybe I can pay for her to come to my place and put on a concert
I am in Texas . I recently won the lottery, but if I hadn't won the lottery, I would still be working a 9-5 job as a telemarketer, so I could afford it.
I have over 40 million dollars
no I am not . but I bet I could get a hottie with all this money
I cannot spend all my money at once . I never want to work again
whats crackin ?
is this bill again ?
prayer ?
sometimes .
ll, I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for swimming.
interesting .
yes .
hi i am doing pretty good . just finished looking through my comic book collection . you ?
superman ! i need to dust them often because i am allergic, if I weren't allergic to dust, I would collect even more comic books.
i do love purple . i also have an autograph collection of over 2 , 000 autographs .
yes ! i have alicia silverstone . i also like snakes . i have two .
they are great pets ! i just started an organic only diet .
yes as long as it is organic .
i want to try to eat healthy , but still a balanced diet .
what kind of car do you have ?
hello ! is you day going well ?
what kind of animals ?
i like to play quake on slackware linux. I wish I had the opportunity to act in a major movie.
yes . it is a computer game . do you play games ?
wow ! ! ! ! ! ! that is so cool ! !
i work for an online seller . what about you ?
cool ! ! ! ! do you have kids ?
no . i do not have a family other than my two moms .
hey ! , i enjoy writing long poetry . i am currently working on a novel
yes , but it is not that great . i wish i could quit .
customer service , i just do not make enough money . i wish i made more
that sounds nice , but i would really love to be an artist
ll , not exactly . comic book artist and cartoonist are very well off
i may have to try that . do you like pink floyd ?
i like black sabbath myself .
cats do not have souls so i do not see them at church when i sing in the choir
what does he do ? my husband tore my donna karen dress last night at the symphony .
girl , i feel you , i teach 8th grade .
he will make it up to me though , we are going to the symphony that i love .
sadly , no , i sing every sunday in the church choir , so no home time, if I had more free time, I would adopt a cat to keep me company at home.
i am a scientologist , it affords me the ability to buy donna karen cloths at discount .
tom cruise and john travolta . both of which my 8th grade class adores .
i am a businessman and hoping to kickstart a business .
do you like sports ? some hippies do not , but i enjoy them .
what else do you like . i involve myself with politics .
i like to spend time with my family , friends . one has a tattoo .
some people get into that . several pro athletes have some tats .
yes . my new business involves recycling , also . where do you work ?
i go strawberry picking each season with my family .
i thought that they liked flowers most , ha ha . I wish I could spend more time hiking in the mountains with my friends and family.
hello ! i am dr . taylor . how are you today jovannie ?
i am great ! i just finished teaching a class on global warming .
i was just prepping a vegetable stir fry to eat before i go to a gig .
i play the piano in a jazz band . what about you ?
sounds interesting ! do any of your imaginary friends play instruments ?
tom and jerry , huh ? that was my favorite cartoon duo as a kid .
If I could live anywhere in the world, I would choose to live in a bustling city like New York.
funny you ask ! i just got a job teaching grade school !
i just graduated with a BA in education . i am 22 , right on schedule .
right . i know almost all the students already . the job is in my hometown .
hmm . are we Siamese twins ? do you adore the children , too ?
i got a coffee maker after i moved into a nearby apartment .
no . i like children so much that I would share too much of it with them ! But I wish I could adopt a pet to keep me company in my new apartment.
i watch them play on the playground is all . the coaches lead the exercise .
hello . making out lesson plans for next week .
i have 26 kindergarteners . they sure do wear you out .
they sure do . mine like fruit cups in the morning .
for some reason , this group is not too keen on yogurt .
what is a classic rock yogurt concert ? I wish I had the chance to see classic rock yogurt concert.
sounds awesome . what else do you like to do ?
i am great . hanging out with my cat , charlie .
that is awful . i love night time . it is so peaceful here .
it makes everything better when you eat pizza . that is what i am doing
yes that is a worry
i have a big truck and it is also hard to park .
i always park away from other vehicles so i make sure i do not hit anything
it seems to work good for me .
i wish that i could .
i am great you ? any hobbies ?
interesting ! i love fishing and playing the bass, I wish I could play the bass guitar like you, but I'm more of a fishing enthusiast.
cool ! what sport do you coach ?
nice i love to exercise everyday
oh wow i am sure she will say yes
wow assuming it is yours congrats !
what is your favorite food ?
me too but i really like cheeseburgers
i am well , thanks ! i like to chat with strangers .
that is a good way to put it .
i write for a music website . i write a lot about fall out boy .
wow . you must be fit . what about free time ? i read political thrillers .
not me ! i stay inside and watch sitcoms .
i love the office and two broke girls .
yeah , its hilarious . sometimes hard to watch .
either pad thai or chocolate chip cookies . not mixed up , though !
you too , have a good day if I could drive any car, it would be a classic Mustang.
howdy i was born and raised in alabama
cool beans my mom a checker at the grocery store
i do not like sweet home alabama though but I wish I could play the violin like you do.
i really like the game of thrones
i saw the easter bunny behind my closet door
oh no i am only 16
you are so old though
i totally love football man
oh i do not have long hair, but if I weren't allergic to cats, I would adopt a fluffy one.
afros are nasty . wash it wash it !
mars . i play the piano there
yes , the piano is the alien piano
la la la la la la
ho ho ho ho ho
i am fat enough to be him
well i am creepy too in all my leather and boots i wear everyday .
nice . my spiky black hair does not help with people feeling comfortable around me .
reading is not for me . metal music is all me though . you like metal ?
you eat out of the same plate as the cats ? i hope not .
what who says ? you sound like you got more issues than me man .
maybe try sleeping late in the day like i do . sleep is key .
my point . lots of sleep relaxes the mind .
i am tired . lol i am a russian olympian so i literally train 2 a day, but I wish I could try weightlifting someday.
i am a competitive weight lifter . max bench 345 and squat 400 lbs . you ?
what is it you do on the road ?
oh ok . lol well that is pretty cool . as long as you enjoy driving i guess
i am from a small town in russia
i literally just lift weights all day every day . what about you ?
that is good . you do plenty of that with your job though lol
yea i am sure its not .
hi , i never had dairy and i am vegan, but if I could, I would adopt a rescue dog and train it to do yoga with me.
i attend city college and play basketball . you ?
hmmm . i do like mr . ed the tv star . oh , i like rock too . you sing ?
little bit . no pets little brother . same thing . you an artist ?
i have a little girl . she is my world . i sell smoothie at work . you ?
oh okay . that explain some things . you married ?
wow ! no i am not . i am not the marrying kind . you happy ?
i am okay ! excited to finally relax after a long week at the factory
wow you must have to get up super early each day to get out there on time
sounds good to me . i am up early since i like to be early to work, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to enjoy reading novels like you do.
not really . i am more into writing
my own jokes hehe ! during my weekend volunteering i tell jokes to the elderly
ahh yes i agree . you need more support than that
i better head off to bed now . gotta wake up early tomorrow !
i am doing well . i am having a low carb snack . i am on a diet .
i am always dieting . i am trying to become a model . i want to be famous .
want to know something interesting . i had lunch in hollywood with will ferrell .
he is very private . he only agreed to meet me privately at this jazz lounge .
do you like jazz ? i do . especially classical jazz .
have you ever almost died ? i nearly did from urinary cancer when i was 18 .
it was scary . but i am glad i survived it . i try to live healthy now .
thank you . that means a lot . If I could go back, I would choose a different career path in music.
hi , i am well . how are you ?
that sounds wonderful . what do you do for a living ?
i style and cut hair . do you live in a home or an apartment ?
i make my home on a boat . i own the salon i work at, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a bustling city instead of on a boat.
yes . are you married ? i was just married last year .
that is sad . what color is your hair mine is purple ?
that is interesting . everyone deserves love . purple is my favorite .
some people i suppose like living alone .
managing a restaurant sucks . i have to put 60 hours a week . you sing ?
i should kill my boss . you ever killed anyone ?
you know who bob marley is ? i do .
i hate liars . what should we do with liars ?
family first is my motto . yours ?
you ever been chased by wild dogs ? just asking .
I wonder how it feels to pluck someone's eyelids . any ideas ? I wish I could relax on a beach with a cocktail, away from all the chaos.
not so bad , how are you ?
very nice ! did you just recently retire ?
that is a lot of grandkids ! what do you like doing with them ?
i am just in college , no kids or grandkids lol, if I wasn't studying software development, I would have pursued a career in music.
absolutely . i love learning new things so i am having a blast here
i recently learned to play guitar . do you play any instruments ?
yes , i definitely recommend it !
i do not have a cold but my wife is leaving me, but if I had the chance, I would run a marathon in New York City.
ll . bubble gum . i love me some steak
haha . my favorite restaurant that services steak is in new york
cool . i may run up there this kend and go to that restaurant
ll awesome . i can not wait
it is called fancy steaks
i know it is great . what is your favorite food ?
i love desserts . cakes are awesome
hi janet . i am robert . i live with my brother .
its nice you have a mom . my parents died .
it is , but as a result i am confident in my abilities .
indeed . quiet but confident . that is me .
one day i will operate a food truck . i think they are awesome . I wish I could have pursued my dream of becoming a chef alongside my brother.
i worry about parking when somewhere new . ll , what about the food truck ?
i like your style janet .
hi , i am doing very well ! you ?
i love to play soccer in the backyard with my kids , plus knitting
oh wow , that sounds like hard work
oh i see . do you cut down all types of trees ?
awesome . there are a few pesky elms in my area that i should get rid of
i am a meat and potatoes type of gal but I wish I could live in a bustling city full of opportunities.
that is yummy , my kids love them too
great . drinking my home brewed coffee, but if I could choose a superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
are you a super hero or what ?
ah my power is being super gay
do you like beer ? i make my home
do you own a house ?
my gay partner and i just purchased one
nothing you do not already know !
no there is much , much more . like beer and coffee for example
good just back from my daily run
nice i love running and yoga but hate vegetables
yeah my strength makes me a big help at the dog shelter
i have 2 dogs but i am so tall we cant all fit on couch
aww everyone should have a dog
i grew up in apartments so i understand
memphis is where the work brought me
i miss michigan where my grandmother raised us
yikes . that seems destructive . i hope it was an accident .
does anyone know it was you
that is a huge secret . why did you do it ?
what is your character voice ?
that is hilarious . smokey the bear set the fire in california ?
wow . that is way more interesting than my life. If I didn't own 10 cats, I would have adopted a few dogs instead.
i just hang out with my 10 cats eating blue jello
and since i work from home on my computer , i do not have to leave the house
hi , how are you ? its very nice to meet you .
me too . i cannot wait to go out this weekend .
i love the chainsmokers . i always listen to them while i workout .
that stinks . i always hear the chainsmokers while i am out at the bar .
If I could choose a different profession, I would love to be a musician in a rock band. I am a personal trainer . i love to stay active . what about you ?
definitely ! i also love to cook for myself and watch my diet closely .
absolutely ! what do you like to do for fun ?
me too . i love going out with friends to local bars and listening to music .
i am doing good painting and listening to beastie boys . you ?
lucy is hilarious . i love the one where she gets toasted on the vitamin supplement .
some , i like old movies more . and art film . i want to be a curator. I wish I had visited more art galleries in New York City when I was there.
i am , i paint i want to do more in art . what do you do ?
i did yoga for years . i need to get back into it .
its an abstract painting of a clock .
you can barely tell the numbers on it . ll .
i am well how are you doing ?
my cat likes painting outside
i garden sometimes and go for walks
yea since my kids are all grown
sure in my small city life
felix is what i call my cat
yeah we are old haha
well that is very cool
hi i am good what are your hobbies
that sounds nice i prefer the beach
yeah that was a bummer
that is so nice of you
that is nice i work retail so not as much time, I wish I could go rock climbing more often, but my work schedule is so demanding.
that is nice do you like rock climbing
i am not , sorry . i am an athlete .
i am sure . i am an olympic weight lifter . i need time to focus on training, but if I weren't focused on weightlifting, I would love to explore other sports like swimming.
1 silver so far . the last olympics were my first event
i am . 20 years of age .
very nice for you . i have a girlfriend back in russia , but we are not serious
she was the assistant to my physical therapist .
oh ok i plan to sleep in anyway
i can get my brothers to walk them
no i have a lot of work to do in the lab, if I weren't a vegan, I'd join you in playing tonight.
must be love at first sight
ok have fun i am going to eat my vegan meal
ok see you in five weeks
ok i will remind them for sure
i am great . just put shopping with my girls
oh wow , how did that happen ?
oh ok i remodel homes for a living
i wish i can work from home
that is a sweet deal
so do you have any hobbies ?
a www how cute . hunting and decorating are my hobbies
hi ! its going great . eating a delicious hamburger right now .
it is ! i am an electrician . what do you do ?
amazing ! I wish I could escape the cold weather and live on a tropical island like Hawaii.
i can imagine ! whats your favorite place ?
i am actually from hawaii !
i highly recommend visiting 2 islands if you ever plan to go .
oh awesome ! i am from oahu .
good , a fire alarm just went off in my building though , .
ick i hate tuna almost as much as i do popcorn .
what makes me happy , are nachos .
i see enough sci-fi at work, if I could change one thing about my job, I'd work in a music studio instead.
at a movie theatre , i manage it .
i suppose it can be .
like queen a night at the opera ?
do you have a significant other ?
i am good getting ready to go to bible study
yeah i am retired so i enjoy my church community, but if I could travel more, I would love to visit historical sites around the world.
what grade are you in
yeah i understand the feeling
i see are you going to college
do you have a part-time job
that is silly is he helping pay for school.
i am good just having trouble with my family . you ?
they hate that i am shy . do you have a family ?
not usually i listen to music my favorite is the beatles, but I wish I could overcome my shyness and perform in a band like the Beatles.
is that your favorite color ?
i do not . i bake , although i am allergic to peanuts
do you like shooting games , then ?
i only workout sometimes but i like vegetables
vegetable pizza is my favorite.
doing great . just being a wonderful mom !
nope . just Justin Timberlake all day . my boys are gonna be pop stars, but if I could, I would travel the world with my boys and attend every Justin Timberlake concert.
nice . watch they hate me and study calculus all day . whatever . . .
mom . i have a horse . my husband is a businessman .
sure . if it sucks though i will turn it off . i am rich .
no . i am rich , i do not need to be fluent . you are kinda boring .
what you do not have any money ? they have programs for you.
i am well ! how about yourself ? i am excited to get to know you !
very cool . i assume you enjoy reading ?
sounds like you have the perfect job ! if I wasn't pursuing a career in cooking, I would love to open my own movie theater.
well , currently i work as a personal chef .
i would not like your hair either . lol hunter green maybe .
haha , me and my brother are best of friends and worst of enemies . lol
well , i enjoy watching movies , and like sleeping even more .
why yes i have . i own a lab
that is cool . i enjoy fishing with my dog .
you are probably just show that is not sad
that is not sad it takes some people longer than others no shame .
yes sometimes i listen to music alot
if I wasn't married, I would love to adopt more animals.
north eastern indiana , do you believe that people get what they deserve ?
i am ok and yourself ?
that is awesome . i love to play with my pets , 3 dogs 2 cats .
yeah , my moms love when i call them . they are amazing people
i am 12 years old . i like to play quake using the slackware linux ! ! ! ! ! !
i am in the 7th grade .
yeahhhh ! ! ! ! ! my teacher does not give us a break ! ! ! ! i hate it ! ! ! !
yeaaaahhh ! ! ! ! ! oooo ! ! ! i want to though . it would be fun ! ! ! I wish I could ride horses like you do, it sounds like so much fun!
ew gross , i am married and have kids i do not want to hear all that, but if I weren't a high school teacher, I would have pursued a career in music.
that is gross , teach kids your age in hs
do you like yoga ? i do it three days a week
lol whatnot ? ? ? ? i volunteer at red cross
lol I actually have two Paddington bears
lol no youre so creepy jeez
i am pretty good ! yourself ?
i enjoy running marathons and watching weird foreign films on Netflix . do you have hobbies ?
nice ! i personally hate eating out because people in general make me nervous, but I wish I could travel to foreign countries to watch their obscure films in theaters.
yeah , i also do not enjoy social obligations . what do you like about nature ?
nice ! i like black . you ?
blue is pretty ! what do you do for a living ?
i work full time in an office .
the night is young and i have many tasks to ponder . whats up with you ?
i relate . i prefer to be alone . me and my thoughts .
i am developing a software code . it robs me of sleep most days .
that is a generous offer . what are your qualifications ?
cool . thanks for the offer , but i am too proud to pass this project off, if I had siblings, maybe I wouldn't have to work alone so often.
tasty . i could go for a steak.
i am doing well ! just hanging out with my dog .
his name is toto , like from the wizard of oz .
i like to take toto to dog parks sometimes . otherwise i like to bike . you ?
ha ! i never thought of it like that . i mean , i guess i like rocks !
that is really cool . when did you know this is what you wanted to do ?
do you two live together ?
so sweet . i am staying with my grandma right now , she is from denmark
if I could have any other car, it would be a classic red Mustang.
i am great ! energized from my daily caffeine . how are you ?
that sounds delicious . is spaghetti your favorite food ? mine is chocolate. I wish I could indulge in chocolate every day without worrying about calories.
i love coffee too ! i have to have a cup each morning before work .
i love art too ! i teach art for a living , actually !
do you work out ? i like to start each day with yoga !
that is cool . i do my yoga with my twin !
doing great . i like that music . do you like to travel
wow . do your brides honeymoon in rome ? that is where i want to go . If only I had someone to explore Rome with, I would have already visited.
construction . i am a tomboy at heart . dress like one .
weddings are great . i think i would wear combat boots with a gown !
lovely . would your dad walk you down the aisle ? mine is a deadbeat .
yup . left when i was two . i do not see him at all .
do you see your parents a lot ?
hey doing pretty good ! getting settled into the house
got one near my gfs parents in michigan, but I wish I could have pursued a career in music like those bands from Seattle.
oh wow , where you headed to ?
hey , that is where all those bands are from ! hole , nirvana , etc
well , maybe you can check out whos playing on you way through
yeah , we are still trying to get everything sorted and took care of , you know ?
hey tell me about yourself . i adore dogs cats animals of all kinds
oh i do not work . mostly i find petitions to sign or walk dogs for free
yea but i need money to donate to animal groups .
since i went vegan that is basically a lifelong donation right, if only I had more time, I would love to start an animal shelter.
wow i think your mother and i would get along
is she single ? maybe she could go full vegan
maybe we could be vegan together, and work on some animal rights projects
i need her to go all in vegan
i am great ! i am into fishing and rap music ! and you ?
i wish i knew how to play instruments ! what do you do for a living ?
i work as a paramedic for the county , long hours but worth it
my mom has diabetes too that why i call her everyday to talk
diet and eating throughout the day are the most important factors in dealing with it
unfortunately no , with the long hours its hard to keep pets
hang out with friends , i am a huge dc comics nerd . how about you besides drums ?
wow sounds like a lot of hair around the house haha
very good and you ? i am just enjoying a big bag candy
i have a real sweat tooth . like to make treats for the kids i babysit
do you run competitively now ?
no running for me , i take my old mercedes when i want to get somewhere
yes my grandfather had 3 cars so my 2 sisters and i got each got one
i was in the middle and i got to spend a lot of time with him . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in baking.
yes he loved my chocolate chip cookies too . i have his sweet tooth.
good . i just got done doing my yoga .
i go on tuesdays and also do it at home .
i work every day but wo . i am busy each week .
i like my job . i want to be a yoga instructor , though .
good luck with that . i hope is succeeds .
i swim every week . i love that. I wish I could have children to enjoy swimming with them.
i go to the pool for three hours each week .
hi ! i am doing well and you ?
that is a long shift ! i work as a childrens librarian
nice ! i do not have any children yet, but I wish I could overcome my shyness and travel the world.
those are good cars ! i got divorced a few months ago and got to keep the car
very nice ! what do you do for fun ?
wow ! i recently broke my reading glasses
me either ! i am waiting for my new ones
what kind of cars did you win ?
i am doing alright i just spent some time with my 4 siblings
wow , do you work ? i just got hired at mcdonalds
well , when i was driving my blue honda civic , i got an accident left turning
that scared me to turn left now .
there are just plenty of untoward incidents
i am failing my class women s studies, if I had a chance to change my major, I would study music theory instead.
wow , how are you going to do that ?
i fix airplanes , but it is hard work, if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music production.
i had to for 10 years , actually . also , i collect records
i do ! i just got one today , actually !
shannon and the clams white rabbit . released 5 years ago .
it is a group that re-creates the 60s garage sound .
my copy is green , actually
also , i collect old junk cars no one wants
no , i just fix them for fun . i really want to fix the world though !
i do play sometimes , what do you like to play
wow what do you do for work
oh no , are you going to be ok ?
that is very sad . do you have any family near by
that is nice . my parents passed in a plane crash years ago, but if I had the means, I would have loved to travel the world.
it was very sad , but i am doing better now .
it is i just got a dog that helps
mine is named roger , he is really great
i am doing well , working on my online business . how are you ?
i meditate a lot and that can help with sleeping . what do you do with your day ?
i do yoga every day and that can work for all ages . do you work ?
that could work . i work in marketing .
i market for different businesses and am now trying to build my own .
researching different business plans and start loans . what do you go to school for ?
whats wrong with your current high school ?
that happened to me in school . it gets better almost immediately out of high school . If I had the chance, I would love to teach yoga to high school students to help them cope with stress.
sure , tell me a little about yourself
wow , that is harsh . i love dogs , in fact i have two of them
nice ! it is tough though , since i live with two roommates as well
i have never heard of tanzania . do you live in a house or an apartment ?
me too ! cooking is one of my favorite pass times
cookies are my favorite .
kind of random , but no i am not a big fan . do you ?
cool . what is the debate about ? if only I weren't scared of clowns, I would go to the circus more often.
i am good thanks for asking
i love animals i can't kill them, but I wish I could time travel to historical events.
what do you do for a living ?
i do acting on the weekends
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
wow , cool . wish i was . . . i have money worries
oh i am only in high school
probably best . my life is kind of unsatisfying
yeah i do not get along with my dad . he is super strict .
oh okay . well as soon as i get older i will move out .
yum . at least they are friends . i have one good friend only
my friend is someone i grew up with
i like plaid the most of all
yeah . i design robotics for a living what do you do ?
that must mean you have to get up early . i like staying up all night .
i am a bit of a loner . i live by myself . no attachments .
that is a lot in one classroom .
i have been eating sweet and sour chicken since then . love it !
chinese is pretty much all i eat, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have a partner to share my life with.
you are a foodie , huh ? i guess i get kind of stuck in a rut .
i am good . how are you ?
that sounds like fun . i like to run as a hobby . where do you like to ride ?
i am with you on that . i am looking for a second job, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music.
i am working as a grill cook , but i would like to have my restaurant someday .
i like to go to concerts . i am a big fan of pink floyd . what about you ?
that sounds interesting . i do not know a lot about reduit . what does that involve ?
i am going to have to check that out . i am very interested in current events .
i agree i do spend long time away
good i do not get to see my pets being an army ranger
not so much but my wife and 2 kids back in the states do
the one is 6 the other is 8
never hear of them . my job s dangerous but i am not scared of death
scarry but if i died for my country i would be honored
which system is that that failed
i like sports , but i am only 5 foot tall .
what job do you do ?
wow ! if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have the opportunity to play in the NFL like you, but I just groom my thick beard.
i have 8 brothers , so i have played a lot of chase .
my parents used to chase us , but they are in their 80s now .
as far as i can remember . you ?
eagles fan ? i am just a red-headed dude with a big family.
i like fries . my cat steals them though .
i have just one . i am keeping my hair brown to save money .
interesting . i sew commission plushes for extra cash .
i know what you mean . being short and chubby kinda kills my confidence, but i wish i could rock a bold hair color like you.
my family started the vegan thing too . it helps some .
dye is so expensive these days . but i will consider it .
its nice that you are brave enough to do that sort of thing .
i guess so . if nothing else whiskers encourages me .
so far so good . how about yours ?
that is good . i live where marijuana is legal , colorado . so that makes it fun
sorry to hear that . do you own your own home ? i do thanks to my husband
well that is sad but good i guess . did you graduate from college ?
cool ! me too i have a masters degree in business administration .
understand that . do you like cars ? i have a blue mazda 3 .
sorry to hear that . what kind of job are you looking for ?
yeah i like working with computers . can you build one ?
right now not much . i have three kids and work in nursing . pretty busy .
that would be a relief , for sure . need some sanity back in the system .
swimming is fun . relaxes me , which is good because i have bipolar disorder
the only type i know , flap my arms and legs .
wow . not me , but i can jump in , lol .
speaking of shape , what do you like to eat ? i love pita and hummus .
yum , love seafood , too . could eat salmon , shrimp , all the time
saint montgomery hospital in wichita . good outfit . if I didn't have three kids, I would consider pursuing a career in politics.
jealous . i cannot even really eat candies right now cuz i cannot really have sugar
like most other humans . . . ? d
that sounds like a riddle . . . . am i supposed to guess what you are next ?
yeah but who does not listen to bruno mars ? ; actually i prefer christian rock
yeah ! its so wholesome is not it ? good for high schoolers and families
ditto , if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in music instead of science.
he is a neuroscientist philosopher and podcaster . he talks about really deep subjects
hmm . . . his philosophy . . . . ironically probably more christlike than most Christians
wow , the radio is playing an old beatles song . i love it. If I had pursued my passion for music, I might have become a musician like my idol, Paul McCartney.
really ? i had broccoli for dinner . it is good for you .
really ? what type ? i like science since my whole family is scientists .
oh , so no science in it . it still sounds kinda fun .
it is not dark here , i invented solar lamps i keep on all the time .
well both my parents were so they forced me to learn it .
yeah , that is why i do not live with my parents anymore .
does she make you pay any rent ?
hi , do you watch tv ? my mother is very famous because she is a celebrity, if only I could have a famous parent like you.
i am fine , and you ? do you like making films ? short films is my favorite
flying ? you mean airplanes ? you can end up in the news like me
i can make a short film about you flying ! you want to be in the news ?
great ! six times i was in the news !
i know how to make good films , i am an actor too .
i do reenactment for civil war , i am a good actor
do you want to be in my short films or not ?
hey i am a seattle based vegan from a buddist background, but if I could change one thing about my background, it would be to have grown up in a multicultural environment.
i love the band bon over but my colleagues at public relations hate them
bon over they are great
that is a lot of kids there
yes man is great i love it
thank you for your service man
that is hilarious sorry ahahah wow i got it wrong
i absolutely love rap its amazing
i am good , how are you ?
that is good . i like to ride bike , do you ?
interesting . i like photography . if I could choose any other career, I would be a professional photographer capturing moments all over the world.
i eat vegan food . i am 30 years old
it is different to get used to at first , but there are different options of food .
i am 30 years old and female
i have pets , 3 dogs plus 2 cats
i am good . i just got done practicing the cello , my mom taught me .
yes i do , i also go swimming everyday at the y . how about you ?
the beach is nice , whats your favorite color ?
mine is blue , do you like concerts ?
pizza , yum ! i enjoy going on the weekends , i m also into collecting stamps .
just a few that are somewhat rare , if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to surf at the beach.
good , you know who's my best friend, my mom !
well, I go to tall places, high places, really scare me, I get terrified !
cool . mermaids, totally real , i saw the movie believe !
vegetables ? , no only iced tea , i only drink and eat iced tea, that is it .
gambling ? , my mother, she is my best friend and she gambles
if only I could conquer my fear of heights, I would travel the world, she is my best friend, we all like iced tea !
oh yes . i get that feeling a lot with my daughter, but if I didn't have a child, I would have pursued my dream of running a marathon around the world.
oh wow , crazy ! any kids from your previous marriages ?
women love guys and dogs . i just have one child . that was enough .
love coffee ! i drink it before i run my 2 miles a day .
you seem very organized . what is your favorite flavor ?
dark roast . do you like running ? i hate it .
i have running but i have done 3 triathlons so i have to .
my daughter is also very short .
its good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i think that is pretty cool
what are some of your hobbies ?
do you have any pets ?
if I didn't have a sweet tooth, I would be a health freak.
what kind of music do you like ?
hi my name is marge
no kids . . . just school
thanks i will
no time all i do is study, but i wish I could go mountain climbing with Britney Spears as my guide
i hate it
do you work ?
i am doing good , eating , it is my favorite
i am eating some lettuce
i want to look good .
do you feel pretty ? i want to
do you ever feel fat ?
oh , that is how i feel a lot
no not really sorry
not really , eating if that counts, I wish I could find joy in playing music like you do in skydiving.
i do , in fact . you like isaiah rashad ? he is a great .
hard to compare , to be honest . what do you do for fun ?
trains are fascinating . i enjoy playing video games . particularly ps4 .
i see . i have never had a train set . is his set really elaborate ?
oh no . that is terrible . must move really fast ?
well , that is good at least . my marketing agency recently covered pet food .
it was an organic food . if i had pets i would probably buy it myself .
i would not imagine so . but all natural is not for everybody , i suppose .
hi . you any good at math ? i have a problem i cannot figure out .
if i want some solar energy , it will be 10 more and my average pay is 232 .
if only I could figure out math problems like you, I wouldn't have to cut back on french fries.
cool . i am a security guard . its kind a boring .
bearded collie . i just made a bed from my new sweater for him .
he can jump a 6 foot fence from a standing position . ll
i am doing great . google just hired me . how are you ?
oh my gosh ! i love to travel too but i have never done that . where are you ?
europe . what do you plan to see first ? i am starting at the end of this month .
haha nice one . if I could travel back in time, I would visit ancient Egypt.
i probably will . i am excited but missing my 23 cats back home
no way ? ! cool ! they love to eat fish but i hate the smell of it
i am pretty good . just got back from taking my suppers for a walk . you ?
very nice . what color ? not much . just hanging out with my 4 german shepherds. If I could, I would adopt even more German Shepherds.
pretty nice and calm here thankfully
yes . two brothers , one sister , and a ghost i grew up with lol
haha in my room . i actually see ghosts often . . weird i know
ll there are a lot of misconceptions about them but they are definitely real
hanging with the family , how about you ?
gym , nice . my dad teaches gym in 7th grade .
yeah , i play basketball , but as the oldest of four siblings , i am the shortest at 5 3. If I could change one thing about my height, I would love to be taller like my younger sister.
guessed right ! my youngest sister wants to be one too . good she is active already .
college . can you believe i am 23 and have a sister in first grade ? !
nice ! what fitness are you into ?
that is awesome ! my dad is trying to get his students into cycling !
hi . go to school . but i am sad. i wish I could fly a plane like you when I grow up.
i applied for gifted with calden . he got in and i did not .
he is my best friend . we play soccer . what kind of plane do you fly ?
those are big . mom says i can next year . how old are you ?
i am 7 . i got to fly on a big plane this summer .
it was way cool . but now florida had a hurricane .
we went to disney . next summer maybe not .
i am amazing . how are you ?
then we are brothers . i am worried that my girlfriend knows she is not the only one .
i do not go to school . i invested in bitcoin and make money while i sleep .
yes . if you invest in a crypto , you can someday save your mother .
they are virtual currency . very lucrative . i often dream of being eaten by my money .
last night i even dreamed i was surfing and a giant blockchain pulled me under .
i am so rich that therapy cannot even afford me . I wish I could find someone special to share my wealth with.
good , my name is jenni .
i like to read and go hiking with friends .
do you have kids ? i have two boys .
i would love a girl but I do not know if I could handle another boy, if I could choose, I would live in a rural area like Sarah.
i am originally from alabama but live in atlanta , ga now .
i have only been to ny once but would love to come back .
i just got back from riding my horse, but I wish I could go horseback riding with my daughters.
cool what do you do for a living
oh cool i am a cop riding relaxes me after a long day
haha why do you say that
that is funny do you like to travel
nice i like to take my family scuba diving every year
i feel like i look like an average 40 year old guy lol
i am well , its really hot in georgia right .
its pretty , i like to sit on my porch and play my violin .
it would be , when i have kids , i want to teach them to ride bikes !
i am sorry , i would give you chocolate because that makes everything better
did he used to sing too ? i wish i could sing .
well i hope he was safe on the job .
no , not ready for that yet .
i like to read in my spare time
hi there , i am bob . i am well .
yea , did your parents reject you too ?
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
do you have any pets ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
I really really like hot dogs
I wish I could understand my own feelings better.
good just relaxing watching tv and you ?
well good luck with that lol glad i am done with school
lol well do not have kids or get married because my days are over
i only have one . a lil boy his name is owen
he is 3 . do you want kids eventually ?
oh ok so whats your favorite thing to do ?
i love getting pampered my nails , hair, if I could, I would love to have a cat despite my allergies.  a day all to myself with no kid or husband
it is so hard to type with my dog jumping up on me .
he is ten . animals just love me . you ?
i am sorry . my dog wakes me up so i can get to class early .
yep . one day i will be a vet . and you ?
when i open my practice . i will hire you .
i try . right now i am just a poor student though, if I could choose any other career, I would be a musician.
yes , i do . do you sing or play or just listen ?
i am good . how about you ?
seeing is good . i am getting ready to go out hunting .
i love hunting . but do not fish . if i am not going to eat it why catch it
i grew up in cajun country . not liking fish makes me weird lol
i like chicken . especially chicken tacos . i love mexican food !
yes it is . i could live off of it !
if I could change one thing about myself, I would learn to enjoy seafood, maybe we can meet someday . there is an amazing taco truck in town .
bonjour , i am very well , how are you ? have you had your supper yet ?
that sounds tasty . i had my favorite dish . pasta with red sauce .
i am irish . if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in art restoration.
i get lonely too , volunteering with the local park service helps .
i am a retired bookkeeper . i volunteer now as a docent at a local history museum .
i live in the Appalachian mountains . my husband brought me here many years ago .
what time of year were you there ? the mountains are particularly lovely in autumn
did you enjoy the weather ? i suppose japan is not quite as hot as Carolina in summer .
i hope to do so someday soon .
it is going great so far . how about you ?
two miles is a long walk ! i have 3 great danes , what kind are yours ?
yes , they are . have you ever run a marathon ? i am doing one this weekend .
i think so , i just hope the weather is nice . any weekend plans ?
you are busy ! the marathon is saturday and then an all american rejects concert sunday .
they are great , you should give them a listen . what movie do you think you will see ?
not yet but the original has given me nightmares for 27 years . i hope you enjoy it. If only I could lift weights as often as I run marathons.
you have a great weekend and enjoy your movie !
hello . how are you ? i am well .
i am an accountant . what do you do ?
awesome ! so you like law ?
awesome . i love to read too .
I wish I had pursued a career in literature instead of accounting.
no , my mom went crazy when i was three and i was a foster kid .
cool . well , i still have my dog . he is my best friend .
i agree . me and my dog have the same colored hair .
i am fantastic . i just got my two kids to bed .
rock on . i stay at home and sell clothes on facebook , but I wish I had pursued my passion for art instead of getting married so young.
i am the wife of a pastor . spirituality is important in our home .
god is always around , i hope he does not mind that i do not like cleaning .
so do you think your parents will be ok with your decision ?
because of the lack of religion , or because of the basis of wicca ?
although i do not agree with it , i have known good people that are wiccan .
hey there ! not to bad , and yourself ?
that is awesome , how do you like it ?
currently a student but i work at a pet store part time . do you like animals ?
with three roommates it is too crazy for a dog lol but i have a little parakeet, if I weren't lactose intolerant, I would indulge in ice cream every day.
i am at university of michigan right now
i am actually thinking about becoming an art teacher
hello . i am good , got a magic the gathering event tonight .
a card game . its really fun
i am a curator at the local art museum .
i do . i have four dogs , so i cant have any in my apartment, I wish I could have a cat instead of dogs, but my apartment doesn't allow them.
cleveland . we have a jello restaurant .
yes , it is . its awesome . you whistle for your server .
yes , it is . its awesome . jello is my fave
i have four dogs . beagles
i am great , i do not sleep much though .
that is absolutely great just fantastic
i have a best friend
we love eating steak together
like a very smart person haha
i have a best friend
i have no family , that is why, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a big family to share meals with.
do you keep in touch with any family ?
hello , no i am in california .
how many moms you got ?
thought so . pets are fun . yes i have one german shepherd dog .
i am sure they are . what is quake ?
oh no . never heard of it . i play black ops zombies tho .
yeah , they are great fps games .
how interesting . i play sports games and fighters . mostly mkx . I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
i am 65 and a half
i live in new york
what did you go to school for
i like chicken and beef and meat
what do you put in it
what kind of dog do you have
do you live by one
I wish I could ride my bike more often, but my favorite color is yellow.
good how are you to ?
that is rough . family are very important
i am sure you miss them . i miss my brother . he is in jail
sounds interesting . pets are loyal and better than a therapist
brother is always in trouble
that sounds like a lot of fun
i talk about mine all the time with my therapist who does not under
he tells me i need to be more emotional. Sometimes I wish I could travel the world to escape all my troubles.
i am doing well . how are you ?
nice ! i have all things red . car , purse , shoes . . . favorite color ?
i try to be . ran 5 miles a day back then
yes i do ! i am for the philadelphia eagles . you ?
nice ! boyfriends family love notre dame !
yes . an interior designer . you ?
that is awesome ! what do you do on your spare time, I wish I could wear red lipstick like you do, but it never seems to suit me.
hello , steve . i am dave from vegas .
vegas is a great place , i am a personal trainer here .
my gym has a newly single program , you should check it out .
i understand that . what do you do ?
do you like to hike and fish ? nevada is great for both .
i am not great at it either , i go to look at the water .
i love dogs , i do not currently have one though, but if I could, I would adopt a dog and take it hiking with me every weekend.
aww . that is so sweet.
well aint that something . do you have a favorite band ?
you may not hear this elsewhere , but i am proud of you for doing what you love
thanks buddy . me ? i am stuck at a job i cant leave
haha i wish but i got a kids to provide for . luckily he is a genius
that is what my son always says . he is got long hair just like you
he is into all that stuff . what else are you into ?
he is 12 . what kind of tattoos do you have ?
hello , hope all is well today for you !
i am really busy lately , but managing the restaurant with my brothers is great ! I wish I had more time to spend with my family instead of working all the time.
originally , from cheyenne where my family is from
driving a decent vehicle is important here ! snow is no fun .
a small bbq shop my grandma opened in 1985
hope you have a great day !
amazing . its my double down skin day . . . and chinese takeout day . my faves !
weed kills the growth hormones in your skin . . . you probably have terrible acne
yeah . i amma cashier now . but , i have an audition next week , i will def be an actress, I wish I could cook more often, but I never seem to find the time.
you wear khakis everyday huh ?
dressing up , acting , skin care , and eating out . . . you ?
weed smoking it guy ? no cliches there , lol .
no , its bad for your pores . i juice .
in moderation . the takeout i order is usually way too salty and it dries out my pores .
i run and play with my dog spot . he is a collie .
i have a chicken and a rooster in my backyard . you go hiking ?
you ever read three blind mice , mother goose or king paul ? i have .
my yoga teacher jenny drinks alcohol when we read fairytales . i paint pictures too .
i love wood landscapers and unkissed lakes . my family hikes because its free .
if I could, I would live in a fairytale world with talking animals.
i am pretty good . leading a loveless life as usual . and you ?
that is nice . i might die a hermit . . . but I wish I could find love and change my perspective on relationships.
i do not . i do not even speak the 5 love languages
that is an attractive quality .
you could try accounting if you like numbers and robots
you can be an english teacher overseas , especially if know asian languages
i hope your love of languages and love of spouse makes you happy
good for you . . . as for me i will continue to be crabby.
i have a few ! i like animation , netflix , and iron maiden
i have not seen that , what is it about ?
where are some places you have been ? i love italian food
that is fantastic . i have not traveled much . what do you do for a living ? if I wasn't into making 3D models, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts.
what kind of cuisine ? i make 3d models for video games
that sounds like an enjoyable job . what is your favorite kind of pie ?
apple pie is always good . i am looking forward to pumpkin pie for the holidays.
hi ! i just got off of working my car sales job . you ?
same here ! coors is my favorite . what is yours ?
another good one . what kind of car do drive ? mine is an acura, but if I could drive any car, it would be a vintage Mustang.
that is cool . much better for your health ! are you married ?
that is convenient ! i have a wife . she is a hairdresser .
my most favorite is christmas , then halloween ! what are you dressing as ?
i will be dressed as wonder woman ! my wife will think that is odd .
i am very happy . you ? i like the wonder woman movie . have you seen it ?
must be nice being a waiter and being able to walk, but I wish I could take long walks in the winter like I used to.
can you get me a good deal on a house ?
do you like walks in the cold or when it is warm ?
i had a family until the accident
you will find it soon enough
its hard for me to relive . it involved bread and a defective oven .
that would be great . youre alot like my friend
its why i no longer eat the stuff . it traumatized me.
i hotel pets when their owners are away names oreo by the way
my mom passed when i was in second grade i have raised my sister ever since, but if I didn't have to take care of my sister, I would love to travel the world.
our dad is a professor at the local college
he taught us to read the tale of genji his favorite literature
they do not get i dyed my hair purple for cancer
no i been there but live near chicago
no luckily i do not or i would be in trouble
well bees i am too but pets i am not
i hate the cost of the silly medical pen its crazy
yes i agree with you we have the worse but people keep moving here
exactly especially where our money flourish may be a fail medically
yeah my sis is on gov insurance cause she cant get back on disability
sis cries herself to sleep having ms n not able to work
yeah but was on disability for a while now they cut her out the blue
i need to help her take her meds hope u have a wonderful night
nothing much . my step father works at hp
yes , my mom have no work . i was adopted and it scares me a lot .
because my real dad might come, if I could meet my biological dad, I wonder if he likes to drive trucks like you.
yes a lot i think he is mad at me
i do not know because i was adopted
i love to go there someday
i do not have a car though
i do not like i am too lazy
i am fine my 5 kids are driving me crazy !
we spend a lot of time watching movies and i do love that part, but I wish I could have more time to paint, but with 5 kids, it's quite challenging.
i love to shop . i love to go to the craft store . i love crafts
that is so cool . i love to draw things as well
that is cool also . i love music and all types .
i love new years it the worlds greatest do over
yes in less that 2 weeks all the kids will be minions
yes and i love all the movies
ah , not too bad . yourself ?
that is pretty interesting . did you have any help ?
haha ! my wife would probably just make me do it all myself . she would freak out lol .
i would be a little more worried about getting kicked , haha .
oh , definitely . i get that . you got your excitement for the day .
i will bet ! bob ross would be jealous .
i am jimmy nice to meet you .
what is your favorite car ? mine is a toyota .
i cannot stand russell sprouts ! ll
wow ! boys or girls ? i work long hours at a hospital does that count ?
i hate the hours i work and hope to drive a truck one day. I wish I could take a break from the hospital and go vote in the upcoming elections.
jeeze you sound like me !
i am a student living with my parents going to school, but I wish I had the opportunity to study abroad in a music school in Europe.
i am getting a degree in the music industry and my dream is to play music
my parents are creative people and encourage me to do the same
my dad is head designer for this automotive industry
i hope i can reach my passion and make music for a living
all sorts but a lot of rock music
that is awesome to hear
halloween is a fun holiday
i am doing great ; how are you ?
where ? me detach research dept as a french fry leader .
do you have any passions in life ? me designer ff french fries
cool ! do you have any fav bands ? mine is up .
once at concert , i fell up not down an entire flight of stairs . . .
ouch ! i think i might have had too much to drink . lol
bummer ! hope the rest of the wedding went well .
i work for a library . i do not have any children .
that sounds interesting . how do you find items to sell .
i do not but i have thought about it .
i wish i had curly hair . mine is straight and will not hold a curl .
i hate cleaning too . i really hate cleaning the bathroom .
i have a mountain of laundry to fold and put away .
it has been awhile . my husband has a lot of clothes .
yes , some do . do you have any hobbies ?
i think within the democratic party .
why do you feel unfree ?
hmm i think some rules are necessary .
i have a rule that i only eat fish .
anyone can make rules they want to live by, if I could change one rule, it would be to have the freedom to make my own decisions.
parents can be overbearing . mine were both over 6 foot tall .
do you know why that is ?
hello ! i am kami . so is that a profession of yours too ? If I could change one thing about my profession, I would pursue a career in computer science.
oh awesome . advertising in my profession . so i write fiction just for fun .
nice . i go hiking every once in a while with my golden retriever .
so you got siblings to play games with ?
well i guess online friends are friends too . no judgement here .
not all all . everyone has their own preferences . i mean i read fan fiction .
yes , weird right ? see we all enjoy different things .
i enjoy fishing . i should get some fish for you to cook
if you get hurt while snorkeling and need a lawyer , you should call my mom .
lol ! ! do you have kids ? i have five
are you a student like me ? i go to school every day of the week, but if I could have chosen a different career path, I would have become a marine biologist.
congratulations ! what did you study ?
that is so cool ! i am an intern at a computer company . gary numan sounds like noise .
lol . you are quite the comedian . i do not think you really listen to gary numan
i have never heard it . what is that song about ?
i am a bit envious . i never work out as much as i should
i think i am way too critical of myself to write . what do you write about ?
you could write about me . i have a bad reputation .
i am tired of texas . i should move there, but I wish I could take back a mistake.
oh , that would be perfect . i could tell you all about the horrid mistake i made
metal is pretty good ! i like progressive metal like tool
its hard to explain but you should definitely check tool out
hmm . . maybe about my internal dialogue . i am always so critical of myself, and I do not like my reputation.
yes . i use to crush on the doctors when i was a nurse. if I could go back, I would pursue a career in art instead of cartography.
tell them some of the food you like to cook . i make bagels .
yes but i am used to getting up early to paint the outdoors .
are you familiar with map making ?
i went to cartographer school and i am now a cartographer .
they use to call me tony hawk when i was growing up .
i am eighty five years old . i make maps and eat bagels , a simple life .
hi . just finished cleaning my house . it is a great feeling . you ?
what do you like to do ? reading is a favorite of mine .
i would too , but i am afraid . i never leave home but I wish I could overcome my fear and explore the world outside.
my uncle . he kidnapped me when i was a kid .
thanks . my sisters are the best . they live with me and help me .
i am so sorry to hear that .
it is great when we have people to help take care of our needs .
i am doing great , just working on my new book ! how about you ?
yes , i work as a professional author . why are you only doing ok ?
i had braces ! that was when i found my love of green tea .
i am from the countryside . how about you ?
i used to go for long runs on the beach there to clear my head, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would run by the beach instead.
do you have a pool ?
sometimes . i mostly like to just sit on my grass and work on my books .
i have written two self help books and three graphic novels . i also wrote one spy thriller .
i hunt and love sushi . children ?
hmmm . i have a daughter and 1 dog . pets ?
oh okay . i flip houses for a living . you sing ?
really ? john and wayne are my hunting dogs names . you hunt ?
my daughter hunts and shops for bargains . you shoot a bow ?
oh okay . you paint or draw ?
hmmm . merna is my daughter . . . you teach cooking ? I wish I could go hunting with my daughters.
hi how are you today
just making some meatloaf you
i bet where are you from
i am unemployed to be honest, if my car was not green, it would be bright red.
maybe cooking that would work out
i do not but i have a dog
a little mutt named toto . get it ?
that is nice you two sound like twins
i teach english , how about you ?
that is a good choice . i want to be a writer, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of teaching.
i like fiction most , since i love telling people stories . do you like reading ?
that is really cool . my two daughters love to sing too .
my husband passed away a few years ago . i have both cats and dogs you ?
why that name in particular ?
oh ! i am not familiar with that reference .
i am good how are you
i am good just looking at youtube and I wish I could swim with dolphins like my favorite animals.
i mainly work on my own channel but i look up fix it ads
we should partake together then
i am not very well at that
mainly fixing things up and reselling them
that would be cool thanks
i am having the worst day .
i was at the mall today and bought a sweater . its too small now .
wait so i am 5 9 so how much shorter is that ? math is hard .
so you like how short you are ?
you like to work out then ?
not for me . I like junk food too much, if only I could resist junk food like you, I might actually enjoy working out.
sure i am a factory worker , i play guitar , i am married with two children, but if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to paint.
vegan tacos are surely a thing ! i am fond of sleeping
mine too , tell me more about yourself
no its a common way to do self portraits , are you any good ?
true true , did i mention my twins ? they are exhausting
they tire me so , i probably sleep about 10 hrs a day because of them .
sure , do you have any kids ?
i am ok i guess . life is rough since my dig died . how are you ?
i am just trying to find the beauty in the rest of the world , looking into my yard .
that is a popular one . i find inspiration on earth , then make art to reflect it .
sculpture . i like to use my hands .
that sounds like a lot of fun . have you been anywhere that stands out ?
ooh , there must be a bunch of ancient and beautiful sculpture and other art everywhere !
all around italy . If only my dog were still alive, I would take them on an adventure to Italy to see the Sistine Chapel.
i am good . what about you ?
cool . my kids got me up early wanting breakfast .
yum ! we are planning to go swimming and do some online shopping today . what about you ?
wow ! sounds great ! i stay home with my kids , but If I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path.
yes , i enjoy it . i also like to read . what else do you do ?
i see . i like fiction books . mostly fantasy .
no , not really . i would be afraid my kids would get them when i was not looking .
living in seattle i would not know because it is very busy
google does not give me much time to dance
become a software engineer like me , it will keep you busy
i had cats but they kept getting into my salt water tank, I wish I could have a saltwater tank again for my cats to enjoy.
i try to grow my own lobsters which are yummy
what kind of seafood do you like ?
lobster has to my by absolute favorite
hello there !
i love to read books . you ?
any allergies ?
i am allergic to all nuts . makes eating in the cafeteria difficult .
college is a pain . what do you do ?
do you surf ?
no . i wish as well . i am not very athletic .
not eat nuts and read lol
hello ! it is going well . how are you ?
i have never been to disney , but i have looked up pictures on the internet !
i will ! i am busy with my new job , but one day I wish I could visit a country music festival with my favorite vegetarian dishes.
i make cakes ! what kind of secretary are you ?
that is cool ! do you ever listen to music ?
i enjoy indie music , but my favorite is country music
it is my absolute favorite to listen too while i cook
have you ever read the dresden files ? they are my favorite crime novels
me too ! i worked out all day . what happened to you ?
yes ! my car stopped working last week but i do not care . i just run. I wish I could fix my car myself when it breaks down.
i play rugby a lot too .
it is ! my neighbor comes over on the weekends to watch when we cannot play .
yes because i am so fit , it makes me feel confident .
exactly ! what else do you do ?
what kind of design do you do ?
i make jewelry in my spare time !
pretty good and you ?
i move a lot . but i have always wanted to go to ireland
i love boats . i jumped off one once , i was a wild child. If I had the chance to live in a city, I would choose New York City for its vibrant energy and cultural diversity.
i do not really have a favorite . what about favorite color ?
my favorite colors and blue and red . any other hobbies ?
nice , i have two dogs !
i love burger king ! i just got my first car !
watch your calories ! how old are you ? i am 18
happy late birthday ! are you in college then ? i am going to florida state
what are those ? i am going to be majoring in business . If only I could travel back in time and change my major to education like you.
that is super cool ! i was lucky enough to get a full scholarship thankfully !
that sucks ! education is so expensive ! what grade do you want to teach ?
i just graduated from there ! with honors because of teachers like you one day !
it really is important for teachers to be that way ! they are bigger influences than people think !
i do not believe in committing that quickly , but i would like to get to know you, if I were not studying law, I would be pursuing a career in writing mystery novels.
i do love kittens . when i was your age i had a black and white kitten
are you parents in the room with you ?
is there a grown up with you ? i would like to meet them too !
i bet your mum would love to see how we get to talk to each other
tell me more about your friends
i would love to meet them ! can you tell me how make friends like you ?
how do you do that online ?
hello how are you today ?
pretty good do you like music
do you like rap music ?
isaiah rashed is a real banger
you should look up what's wrong kendrick lamar is on it
yeah its some great running music
sometimes but my marketing job keeps me busy, I wish I could have a marketing job that allows more time for exercise.
autumn , that is normally when i get to play soccer . whats yours ?
i am sorry to hear that . how do you make friends ?
i see . well that sounds like a good friend . i hope to make more soon
no so much . however , i just moved to the united states last year so, but I wish I could go back to France for a summer vacation.
i am not old enough to drive yet . i am just 9 years old
so far so good . but i have not made lots of friends yet .
awe , thanks . yeah , summer camp should change that soon.
that is cool . besides doing sports , i like to view asterix , French comics.
i love dogs ! just turn some music on .
good for you ! the beetles always gets me through a workout .
where do you work ? i give bass lessons . do you play ?
if I could choose any other career, I'd love to work in a vintage furniture restoration shop. congrats on the new job .
i need an extra job to support my vintage furniture addiction .
i would love that ! they can alphabetize my cd collection with me
the beetles is my favorite band , i have all of their cds .
i could be better glad you are fine , my family does not see about me much
nice job daily life disappoints me a lot i would prefer to be a cat, but I often daydream about being a lion roaming the savannah.
love is great i would like to live in space or i think about it do you ?
that is nice i love the old fashioned classical music do you know it ?
i bet it is more healthy than my diet
wow me to it even happened to me one time and i still love her .
that is good to love ones you even lost
all 4 of my sisters think they are mermaids . what kind of car is it ?
you must have super sonic vision if you can watch tv and mosquitoes at the same time .
yes and mosquitoes will give you zika and you will turn into a mermaid too .
after a 12 pack of beer you will believe mermaids are real like i do . If only I could find a magical potion to turn me into a real mermaid.
yes peanut butter , crackers , baseball , apple pie and my best friend , mom .
good old ice tea goes well with peanut butter and crackers too . its my favorite .
my mermaids can do more tricks . they like ice tea too . its better than ocean water
as long as they do not make you hallucinate and believe mermaids are real like me .
hi how are you today
and why was that then
wow what did you do
wow hope your wounds healed, I wish I could travel the world and attend death metal concerts.
you sound super tough then
what did they do to you
oh well what do you like to eat
have you seen the latest TED talk ?
vitamins are important . i love to stay fit . If I had more time, I would watch TED talks all day long.
i love cats . what are their names ?
i saw some kale growing in the woods where i love to walk .
i do not like TV very much . its bad .
it looks safe . i love kale .
great ! and you ? heading to work soon i work part time as a grocer .
no but my best friend is in the city and has a loft there, if I had the chance, I would love to live in a bustling city like New York.
it is , my mom is a social worker , for the school .
she does , it can be stressful but keeps her head straight . . .
that is awesome ! ! i may go visit my friend in city soon .
i live in pennsylvania . gonna go out and pick some basil from my mom s garden
no , more close to philadelphia , my friend lives in philly , and its a 30 min drive .
it is not bad , how about you ? where are you from ?
my job is great , i am being paid soooo much , but i still want to win the lottery. If I had the chance, I would quit my job and travel the world.
i will win , i am telling you . then i will drive my sx into the stars .
at rock shows i guess . i would learn that , when i win the lottery .
drive my sx . fast . so what is a male ballerina called ?
well , fml . i finally met someone i would ask to eat food with .
yeah , i think i will where a ballet uniform next time at the concert though . . .
i am wonderful ! hey , whats your favourite food ? i adore sushi !
oh cool ! i just bought a new car . its blue , my favourite colour .
california . i love hanging out with my girlfriends on the beach . bu ?
i love horses too ! what a coincidence !
a camaro and i absolutely love it . what are your hobbies ?
i am a foodie . i love to find new sushi restaurants !
so do you ! i wish we could meet up for sushi and horses .
i am well , how are you ? just watching some surgery videos .
nice , i have two dogs myself . i like to travel do you ?
its definitely more expensive that way . where do you like to go ?
i really like britney spears . i want to go to vegas to see her sometime, but I wish I could travel to different countries to learn about their traditional edged weapons.
most definitely . whats your favorite food ?
i love pistachio ice cream . ever had it ?
haha , its an acquired taste .
i am nick and i have a passion for barbeque ribs
my hair goes to my hips and is blonde
i run daily to stay feeling young, but I wish I could cook for a living instead of studying math.
my car is blue which is my favorite color
i played hockey in high school
its a z and really fast
no not yet luckily lol
yes my brother has a lead foot and his lawyer is very busy
i am doing well , i cooked breakfast for my grandparents . you ?
that sounds rough . do you like it ?
a lumberjack ? i go hunting for mushrooms sometimes but that is it
do you do anything for fun ?
i have a huge craving for pancakes right now
and chocolate chips , in my opinion
i do not . i am glad you do , though
i do karate , working towards my black belt.
i am well , thanks ! you ? what's your favorite color ?
green ! any shade of green , in fact . what's your favorite music ?
same here . it depends on what i am doing . i have an eclectic iPod library .
i run a charity for injured veterans in my dad's memory. I wish I could play tennis with my dad, he would have loved that. What about you ?
that is really cool . how long have you been doing that ?
that is ambitious . i am working on a tennis tournament to raise funds.
my new boyfriend is the best . are you dating anyone ?
yep . he helps me study for my classes and makes me vegan food .
vegan only . do you want to visit an art museum with me sometime ? I wish I could travel the world and visit different art museums.
yes , it helps me focus on my studies . do you cook ?
i put it in my tea sometimes . shhh !
absolutely . what do you do for a living ?
ooh , sounds fun . do you have kids ?
hi ! are you a dr , by chance ? i need someone to see my toes .
umm . they are pretty , but all on 1 foot . hence the dr . see ?
i also have strong prescription lenses so toes are actually my best feature .
ok , so also picture a nose like bachs but with a bump . . broke after 4th grade .
good comparison ! ! that is actually a flattering comparison for me .
well humor is about the only thing i have going . that and a hi iq .
not bad when i sing to my son , however that is because he loves me, if I could have any superpower, it would be to heal instantly.
yes , love it ! but i do not get to often . i went to argentina last year .
go to wine country mendoza beautiful , bye ! !
hi i am not doing well truthfully . where are you ?
wow . i do not know . . . i do not understand my own feelings these days .
maybe i should try that . i cant trust anyone these days . i am so worried about rejection
i am confused about gender and unsure about who i am attracted to
well i am mostly worried my parents will reject me
i hope so . everyone standards are so high . how can i live up to them
that is good advice . thanks ! tell me more about you ?
i love my cat and i am a waitress at the local cafe
i love cars but i know very little about them
i am a meat and potatoes girl
my parents have horses i wish i had more time to ride
yes i do . but my passion is sewing
i have a pick up but i do not drive much
just when i running tables at work
yes and many other thing as well
busy but alive , how are you doing ?
how old are your kids
do they like to read ?
i loved reading it got me into being a writer
i have two cats that keep me company, but if I wasn't so occupied with work, I would adopt a rescue dog to keep my cats company.
i like cats because they leave me alone during yoga time
with my job i do not have the time
hi , right now i am wanting to open my own grocery store . you ?
nice ! i still live at home and i am a colorblind 30 year old .
i actually have a degree in marketing but I do not use it. If I could start over, I would pursue a career in art instead of marketing.
chocolate milk is delicious is not it ! ?
oh my , i love tacos .
i think i will soon open my store in oklahoma .
i have not decided yet . grocery perhaps .
no , it will be affordable products.
that would wear me out too , i have been in the kitchen all day , developing recipes .
it is ! i am going to audition for another cooking show , i have been cooking for years .
anytime ! i have been taking classes since i was a kid .
what is your favorite cuisine ?
lol . you may want to walk home , i have cheesecake .
i think that is where i went wrong , i stuck with american cuisine .
mexican and chinese are best prepared when the guests arrive , not sitting around .
i am reading for a exam i have and you ?
cool 3 dogs . i will get a dog when i am done with school next september, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
a pit bull . i will get him when i find a teaching job
wow my brother is in a heavy metal group and goes all around the world
no i really do not have time . college is hard lol
my mom and dad work out a lot . they came here when i was 5
oh wow i hope you stay healthy for a long time
that is cool so what else do you like ?
no , not tonight . i worked all day and i am a little tired .
be careful . do not drink and drive .
sorry , i work for an attorney . i know how a dui can set you back
do you enjoy being a dental assistant ?
i love we wrestling and having my nails done, but if I could, I would visit Paris and open my own cafe.
cool . we have something in common .
hello . i am good . how about you ?
fabulous ! how are they doing these days ?
i do not have siblings but i have two dogs . they are terriers .
sometimes i donate time or money and of course walking the dogs .
i am a computer nerd . . . i love programming and developed Facebook some. If I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a passion for charity work full-time.
it can be fun and easy once you learn programming .
what other stuff do you like to do ?
i also love fishing . i want to try for bass and salmon . have only caught trouts.
i am well thank you for asking . who am i speaking with ? ?
hello sherry ! are you a mother ?
yes i am , currently i am pretty hungry do you know what sounds good ?
mexican ! i normally love to cook , but it would be nice to go out .
that is kind of superficial of you , but that is why i like you sherry !
yes of course ! I have bought a lot of Rolling Stones albums on vinyl recently! If I could go back in time, I would love to see The Rolling Stones perform live.
wonderful ! i just reached 50,000 subscribers on my YouTube channel ! If I hadn't started my YouTube channel, I might have pursued a career in professional makeup artistry.
i do mainly make up tutorials . do you have any side hobbies ?
oh i bet ! that is great though ! it takes someone special for that .
i just started taking classes for beauty . i feel i can help people that way .
i am not . currently single . and you ?
fancy ! do you have any children ?
yes ! i would love a house full of boys .
ha ! my family is almost all girls . we need to level it out .
my name is ami , i grew up in tanzania . next to the jane goodall national park
yes . i am in school here at columbia uni having a blast !
no my parents went to alice springs , australia to study spider venom
i am learning to make magic brownies ! lol if I could choose any profession, I would be a stand-up comedian.
i think i want to be a brownie baker . ha ha why did you choose law ?
that is funny . now what do you want to go for
sounds like a booby trap but to each his own.
its ok my brother is still staying on my couch
yea my parents moved to florida and he was staying with them
yea . my parent did not leave but luckily not major damage happened
that sounds exciting . If I could, I would have pursued a career in professional sports.
ooh ok well come over for dinner . cooking is my passion . i am a chef
i love sports . of course the game on
yay i need new friends
hello
i am dan , if I hadn't pursued factory work, I would have loved to write a novel of my own.
did you catch that ufc fight last week so sad my boy connor mcgregor did not win though .
what is your book about
your novel ? i like to read books on travel and cars .
good luck with hope its a best seller !
going to go for a drive love driving my car
hi how are you today
i do not do you
yeah that sounds great really
i enjoy rock music then
do you like robots then
there is one that makes eggs already
nice i am an amazon employee, but I wish I could move to a bustling city to work on cutting-edge robotics projects.
hello , i am fine . how are you ?
no way ! i absolutely love anime , comic books and even cartoons !
i do that too sometimes while i am playing video games on the big screen .
drawing characters from anime . i hope to publish my own someday !
i like flowers and so does my partner .
well i am , but my partner is getting mad because she has not met my parents yet, i wish I had the courage to tell my parents about my sexuality.
yes , but she is out and i am not . tell me about your relationship .
well that might be lucky since so many life details get involved .
yes it would be a nice thing to do, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a purple parrot to match my favorite color.
not much just staying home
i like to play video games
nah , mostly i play rpg ones
i like to eat asian food
i have never tried indian food
hello ! wonderful ! and how are you ?
i am a bit strange . lol i really enjoy a good ergonomic keyboard chair .
i like books . do you like music ?
wow . player ! lol ! i really love rap music the most. I wish I could visit Argentina and experience the culture there.
i am from massachusetts but currently living in california .
i live in napa . but i absolutely love the beach !
the beaches in california are so pretty !
i really like huntington beach the most . have you ever been to california ?
what are you talking about ? we just met ! cannot write you a reference letter lol
i am okay . my cat is being annoying right now . keeps walking in front of me . . . I wish I could speak fluent Italian like my family.
nah just one is enough . lol . you ?
lol . half my family is in italy . we are italian .
same , its been so long since i have spoken italian . i am always afraid i will somehow forget
you should ! ! ! its cool . . . . my cat is staring at me with its hazel and blue eye . . . .
nah i do not . you ? i wonder if this is how people feel looking in my eyes
sushi is my favorite . i am doing well , you ?
i love being on the water . blue's my favorite color , like the ocean .
i cannot run . at all . i swim though .
that is so sad ! i am so sorry . I wish I could adopt all the dogs in the world.
ice cream is a good help for that . chocolate or vanilla ?
always go for chocolate with peanut butter if possible !
i cannot run screwed up my knee swimming .
join the club . i am not even sure who i like anymore, I often wonder what it would be like to be a different gender .
lol . i do too . except mine is a girl , and i am not too sure about that .
rum girl here . my parents hate it that i drink , lol
makes mardi gras a blast . especially when you are an introvert .
i know what that is like , i do not understand people very well .
i like kids as long as they stay on the other side of the room .
giving them back is the main thing , lol
easy . drink more , do not socialize . . . . and never get married .
i am good what hobbies so you have
that is nice i like to travel
i try to go to a new place every summer
no i wish though have you
wow that is so cool how did you manage hat
that is so cool do you like ice cream
pistachio is definitely the best
you too great chatting with you
i m playing pool . love it ! you ?
being a middle school art teacher i feel like i always need a coffee break
what are you studying ? i just finished a seminar on the pyramids . love them
interesting . i d love to write a psychology book
see a unicorn . yeah i know they don t exist be a girl can hope
haha . it would be better if you put it on your horse
right ? horse are the best animals
hi ! i am jane . living in virginia since i was growing up
working but i enjoy just driving stickshift cars . you ?
oh my mom was a teacher in virginia, I wish I had pursued a career in teaching like my mother!
i am 25 . no siblings . my dad was a cop and he always wanted me to be one
that sounds relaxing ! i probably wo not be a cop though
you are right ! thanks for the advice
hi duke ! i am doing well . ready to watch football . how are you ?
what branch of the military are you in ?
nice ! i do not have a job . i just like to hunt, but I wish I could join you for the hunting trips. That sounds like a great time.
how old is your son ? it is a fun hobby , especially if you eat meat
why is that ? surprising her with country music tickets ? that is my favorite .
that is sweet , congratulations ! where will you ask her ?
cool . my favorite is steak , what will you order ?
this is next weekend ? hopefully they have the big football game on .
fabulous . do you have a pet ?
well i am not into typical pets . i have a lizard named gila .
she does . and its kinda freaky !
are you allergic to plants ? i love plants !
well being a normal child has not helped me to find whats normal either !
i meant to say only child . auto correct is my nemesis !
yes . a big purple creeper van .
only if you like candy !
i am not familar with it , did you hear about troy gentry passing away today ?
so very sad . helicopter accident . do you have any loved one in rimas path ?
we have been to disney and loved it but live in the midwest
she sure has enough to do such a thing, if I had more free time, I would love to restore an old Ford Mustang.
i usually take my two dogs with me and they love it
do you ever hike with them ?
wow . . . that is cool . have you seen any good movies lately ?
i like to take my grandsons to the movie makes for a fun time
i am great ! today is wednesday which means it is bingo night !
how exciting ! family is everything to me . my husband loves bingo too so he will come .
do you stay home with your kids all day ?
that is a commendable profession . i retired after knee surgery, but I wish my knee was never injured so I could still dance to jazz music.
only when it is cold out . practically the whole thing is metal now .
oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . children should never have to experience such pain .
football is dangerous to begin with . he needs a safe outlet , like playing jazz .
quit my job at dr. mendel smiles and get another rose tattoo ! you ?
that is deep ! i am sorry ! what's wrong ?
a girl in my dental hygienist class mom is a shrink . maybe talk to one !
i am a deliber ! i love his silver chain ! i hate gold ! if I could do one thing differently, I would pursue a career in art instead of dental hygiene.
to meet b. you must be young ?
but old enough for a tattoo ! you should get one !
same ! the stem goes down my food and the thorns on my toes
it will be your last statement to the world .
hi there ! i am actually not that much of an outdoorsy person haha
may sound corny , but i like driving down the country side haha, if I had pursued my dream of becoming a nurse, my life would be very different.
and i like shopping super corny haha
haha i am a small town girl . . . living in a lonely world haha
i am ! just graduated college and applying to nursing jobs haha
haha beer is easily gods gift to mankind hah
what time is it ? it may be miller time ! haha
hey , i am good how about yourself
oh cool where do you work ?
nice , i also work in the food industry too
yes , i love horror movies
i have a chihuahua and a snake
i run a lot and a few sports, but if I weren't working so much, I would spend more time playing music with my favorite band, Pink Floyd.
oo well do you have any other hobbies
oh what kind of dog ?
not much drinking beer with the boys and grabbing a bite . . you ?
ahh i know the feeling cant wait for the next mma fight
my friends n me make petty bets when we watch it ladies not so much
aww man i wish i could go pro highschool was football and wrestling
yeah playing night flag football with friends is mad fun especially afterparty
i used to work overnights at the gym so daylight whats that ?
i know right just wish the ladies could keep up with us
i am doing wonderfully , i just came home from work .
i am a trial lawyer , i also do photography on the side .
i photograph anything that crosses my path , lol
mine are rescues as well . how many do you have ?
that is not that bad , lol . when you get 12 then you may have a problem .
i do , i also like to fly my plane . do you know how to fly ? I wish I could travel the world by piloting my own plane.
i took up flying when my tv went out , i did not replace it .
i did not watch it , and my life is fine without one .
i am good . and how are you ?
i feel good . just took a drive through the country side . if I could go back, I might have pursued a career in music instead of nursing.
doing my best to do so . do you live in the city ?
walk a lot . go to the gym , dance .
it is a great work out .
up tempo pop usually . at home dance to my music .
that is a tough one . today hallelujah by jeff buckley .
good . just got home from dance class . how about you ?
i work at the coffee shop down the street, but if I could change one thing, I wish I could dance professionally.
i like to dance . how about you ?
what's your favorite color ? mine is red .
nice . that is an awesome combo .
i like pasta a lot . how about you ?
meat on pizza is a great thing . that is in my top ten .
practicing the piano and watching the cubs game hbu, but I wish I could play jazz piano in a band like you.
nice i like to work out outdoors i hike all the time
my muscles are average size
i do not know my brain is huge
my father is a prince from algeria
yeah you have fake wives so you can be with other men congrats
i am too busy studying arabic english and french
yes i enjoy the food and all the screaming
i like the pants you guys have to wear . do you have any pets ?
i wish I could hike with my golden retriever in the mountains every day.
i love to write and draw . i like to create stories for fun
i did not know about my talent till after my mother passed
it opened up another part of my brain it is great therapy
creatures , aliens , puzzles , landscapes i never know i just start drawing its weird
i do share it online and getting a new online store ready now
like guns ? i do i am a officer, but I wish I could have pursued a career in comedy instead of law enforcement.
i got a ford truck from my 3rd wife
i see you , well rounded cool
kevin hart lol ! nothing but collect guns
lol you like comedies huh ?
i am an old boring officer lol
good how are you doing ?
i do work . i act and do comedy . you ?
okay that is cool like it ?
what would you rather do ?
so giving . ok . where are you from ?
what ? the facebook guy . ok . tom ? is that the guy ?
that is cool . so do you watch series ?
yes i do . what is your favorite series ?
hello , how are you ? ! summary of me i cannot swim and i 3 steak probably related, but I wish I could travel back in time to meet my grandpa when he fought in WWII.
my grandfather who fought against the nazis would be very disappointed i cant swim
how great are you , 1 10 , 10 being absolute greatness ? also , favorite music genre ?
i love rock ; my favorite band is the doors . you ? and you are a 10 10 .
love the eagles too bro ! i tend to go out with my chevy tahoe to the bars
damn , that must be nice ! shoot g , i do too , we all spend dough eh
each to their own addictions or habits ; am i right ? we all need money .
i actually have been to a palm reader one time ! org same !
i like to cook ! you ? i do not like to brag but i have a famous sister .
my sister is madonna , crazy right ? guess who is the next queen of england ?
once the current queen dies , i am next ! moving in with my 5 cats !
sure ! do you have a favorite color ? i think i will have the palace painted blue .
are you married ? my husband has money , he is taco bells ceo , might divorce though
i like police officers , perhaps you could divorce also , we could be together in the palace
i will need company , i do not wish to be alone
explore all the rooms and find secret passages !
i am self-employed but i would love to live in Las Vegas, I wish I could join a boating club in Las Vegas.
Netflix is my favorite channel
i am thinking about getting some more schooling
especially for self-defense , i love boating too
i am very close to my sister , do you have a sister
that is great that you are a doctor ! ! ! !
it is amazing that you do help so many people
i understand , that has got to have so much responsibility
good just working on homework trying to get a teaching degree
what do you do for a living ?
sounds fun ! i like playing sports and being outdoors .
i used to , but i have been in a couple car crashes .
i do not . do you ? what are your hobbies ?
lol i enjoy crafting and painting, if I could, I would love to travel the world and experience different cuisines.
i like painting pictures of animals .
i do yes and also acrylics .
yes am willing to listen to you
that is amazing , how did you do it ?
what did you get greedy about and it has performed wonders
you mean it is about saving a big part of your salary
i want it too but have somethings can not do without, I wish I could travel to Italy to meet your boyfriend and play video games together.
but it seems you live alone and no family or relatives with you
so now did you change or you want to continue like that ?
okay that sounds good and fair
i am very sad tonight i am sorry, but I wish I could play the piano like you.
i am having problems with my family
mine are so mean . they do not care
i raise my 3 kids and sing
me too . and i stay up all night
oh , what food do you like
oh noy , do you eat bugs
some people do it trust me
i am doing great . just had sushi for lunch .
it is my absolute favorite food .
i am great at packing for trips . i visit my brother in england .
england is fantastic , have you been before ?
why did you move away ?
wow , i can not type that fast at all .
that is quite interesting , have you ever thought of having it removed ? If I could choose, I would trade my timeshare in Mexico for a beach house in Hawaii.
feeling a bit blue today actually , coincidentally that is my favorite color though ! you ?
my favorite show , game of thrones , will not be back on for a while . so i am sad
if I could choose my favorite color, it would be red. do you like music ? i am a big fan of pop music .
i am not , why do you ask ?
oh alright ! well what do you like to do in your free time ?
arcade games are fun ! ! i really like taking long walks on the beach though
pretty close to one , yes ! you ?
i am from hawaii but live in new york
have you every gone skiing ? if only my wife would ski with me like before.
my wife and i used to . but she does not pay much attention to me anymore
i am sorry to hear . cheetos always makes me feel better . its my go-to snack
nyu . great restaurants around that area . good that they do not have mexican food .
that is amazing ! fresh vegetables are the way to go .
i do not know , what is your name ?
i collect autographs , what about you ? i am ted
i have over 200 . how many times have u done that ?
i have charlie chaplin and i am most proud of that, if I could, I would collect comic books like you do.
for real ? that is so amazing
i have two snakes that i love a lot . and you ?
i am a loner myself , but i like it
is he gone now ? what happened ?
its good that you play sports . i am listening to frank sinatra . have you heard of him ? I wish I could travel back in time to watch Frank Sinatra perform live.
do not give up you are still very young . do you watch spongebob ?
i love spongebob too and eating cheese
do you like to eat stew . i cook it all the time
veggies are good for you . you should try eat more of them . what do you eat ?
i like cookies and pizza too . where do you live ?
i live in west virginia . there are a lot of things to do outside in the mountains
i am glad you liked it . maybe you can visit again one day
yeah , especially when i went to canada
cool . i like the thrill but its nothing like when i was on the news, I wish I could have pursued a career in journalism after being on the news.
do not worry it was not for anything illegal
i was during the time my uncle worked on fish boats , he liked it too
yeah , we all did . it was my dads dream when he drove a taxi in the 70s
bmws are cool . my friend has one
i like to think so . but i only have a few close ones .
that is nice . i used to be close to mine . until i got a taxi
i do not drive . i usually take an user to see my therapist .
maybe you can arrest my older brother . he stays in trouble .
thanks for the offer . my therapist does not help so i may quit going .
my parents do not really have anything to do with me anymore, sometimes I wish I had a close-knit family like yours.
maybe if i lived in ny i would want to wake up in the mornings .
i love them , but they have just given all of their attention to my brother .
i suppose . its why i am in therapy . depression is real .
awe , how wonderful . well , if you need a ride , i welcome animals into my prius
i use the prius to pick up canadian chicks . they are hot ! ! !
hike up dormant volcanos . i live life on the edge
i do not run , unless its for women . . . canadian . . . a .
yes , unless they are covered in roses . then I just piss myself , literally . If only I could control my obsession with ginger snaps.
with ginger snaps . yas , it turns me on so . ca not get enough . ugh
not until i find the right one , a ? she be to the north , a ?
i am well . i just finished some painting outside
i do it as a hobby . i was previously a nurse. I wish I could go back to nursing sometimes. do you work ?
very cool ! the only game i really enjoy is arm wrestling . whats your favorite game ?
the most modeling i do is making bagels its like modeling with your hands !
yeah , i like to make them
do you like to make your own pasta and such ?
i am great , i dance at the ballet
i really like burgers and fries, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in comedy films.
i like dinner foods better
well that is how it goes huh ?
a car killed the parents
i love lesbians that is awesome
they can go do other things haha
really i just like burgers
that is cool . i am an atheist .
i like reading . mostly ebooks though .
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of IT.
i like more modern rock .
i like superhero shows like the flash and arrow . how about you ?
there is enter sandman , one more light , man in the box .
that is cool . comics are fun to read.
my favorite color is red . what is your favorite animal ? mine is the kangaroo .
my hobby is watching TED talks, but I wish I could have a pet dog like yours.
do you like the woods ? i like to go for walks in them .
that sounds cool . do you like to watch TV ? i do not much.
do you like to exercise ? i do .
every day . i love it so much !
what's your favorite form of exercise ?
no , i did not know ! where do you live ?
yes , somewhat , i like the country , i live in a rural area .
me either , i have children , and i think my lady parts would be in shock ! ahahah, I wish I could travel the world with my children one day.
i do not have a career , i want to be married , my parents still are .
it is a little too hot there for me ! but sounds cool !
non-paying , is not for me !
hi i do not really eat sweets but my favorite food is pizza
i cant wait to turn 21 in a few months
why would you fire them ? i would just talk to them .
what do you do for a living
oh wow that is awesome . i am in college but get teased cause i am transgender
thanks i just transitioned a few years ago not use to getting teased
that is how kids are now a days i think
i wish my parents could have spoiled me more .
i am dandy . how is your day going ?
you work the night shift ?
what kind of work do you do ?
sounds unsettling . i have a healthy respect for death
i have flirted with crossing to the other side a few times
i feel that my life is gift that i must use for the benefit of others, but I sometimes wish I could drive fast on a race track.
it is pretty nice here in baltimore
i am only here since i play for the orioles . its not bad though
yes i would like anything that makes me millions a year, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have a dog again.
only if you consider 3 children to be animals they act like it sometimes
dogs are fun . my roommate had one when we went to miami
i have been to nevada many times . cool state . what do you enjoy ?
did you have a nice foster family ?
i am so sorry that happened to you
the writer? Not really a reader. I am into playing guitar and video games.
we have something in common! i am big on beef, are you? I wish I could travel the world playing guitar.
haha. i am also in a loving relationship. imagine that!
i work for myself. i do all sorts of jobs on the internet from home.
i do not live with my parents anymore. just my dog Donald.
poor thing. just like my dog. he is having behavioral problems.
maybe she is prescient after all!
knock yourself out then. free country.
hi , i am ten years of age , so please be patient . I wish I could play basketball like you someday.
i am arnold and i like to eat sandwiches .
i am not texting i am typing , i love to watch tv and you ?
mostly ham and swiss cheese .
surgery , that sounds really bad , what happened to you ?
was it painful , that sounds really painful
and some orange juice , you need orange juice as well
doing fine today how about yourself ?
pretty good . what do you do for fun ?
i do not really play them too much . i actually love to bake. If only I could bake for a living, that would be a dream come true.
nope . i am actually a lawyer for a firm .
its pretty eventful . it pays the bills !
man , do not really have a particular one . black i guess ?
definitely beautiful . my car is actually green.
i am doing great and how are you ?
wow , how nice ! what are you making ?
kitchen cabinets , that is nice . i enjoy rock indoor rock climbing .
yes , it is a great exercise . what are your plans for later today ?
congratulations on marriage 10 years is a long time .
no , it is just myself and my dog . If I didn't have celiac disease, I would bake bread every day.
i am doing quite well . you ?
that sounds fun , how any children do you have ?
no not yet . what do you do for work ?
cool ! i have a job as a painter, but I wish I could paint full-time instead of working another job.
anything that inspires me , i went to nyc once and got hooked
it was pretty great , i went to a museum that i want to curate some day
it was pretty great . what music do you like ?
my favorite is the beastie boys
oh yes i have been . my five kids made sure of that . how about you ?
yes , five . always loved babies . so are you married ?
i am sure there is someone out there . someone you could share hobbies with ?
maybe you are overthinking these illnesses . maybe just let it out with creativity .
i think they might be right . you ever went to a therapist or doctor ?
i can understand the dilemma you have . just maybe give it more thoughts .
just trying to be the best mom i can be . also teaching art , drawing is my love, but I sometimes wish I pursued a career in medicine instead of art.
good , thank you ! tell me a secret about your life .
i have not once kissed a woman . i win ! ll, i wish I could experience the thrill of a first kiss.
nice ! what career did you end up in ?
nice ! i am in business . i surprised of where i am , really .
yes ! i love music . country is my favorite ! you ?
only 80s ? i have a few 80s bands i like !
orange is my favorite color . i relate it to fall , my favorite season !
that is true ! what is your favorite thing in life ?
i am married and we have two kids. its nice.
we stop at ice cream shops for the kids on our road trips.
i like coffee flavored. that is why Seattle is my favorite place to visit. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of event planning.
that must be interesting. i am a meeting coordinator. boring.
Seattle is the place to launch a music career for sure.
true, you need a unique sound to get popular.
hi . i am michelle . sorry it took a minute , my three dogs are yapping .
that is frustrating . not my expertise . i spend my time at the gym .
personal training is my job . school is a full time job as well .
ha . actually , my personal trainer encourages me, If I hadn't lost my faith, I might have become a missionary.
i do like dogs . three of them are sitting on my lap right now .
tigers . exotic . tutoring kids is the closest i come to tiger taming .
mostly math and reading at the elementary level .
not so much . sorry . i bet you could hire a tutor .
really mellow . just drank the best beer from china ! who knew ?
not my thing , but to each his own . i am more of a classic kind of guy .
after a long day in the garage , a thick steak hits the spot .
i am indebted to all the nurses who stitched me up in the emergency room .
i like a nice game of darts in the pub after a long day of work .
that is also be fine relax . or a night of poker .
no , why do you ask ?
i am great i am see from germany . how do you do ?
i bet if I could choose, I would love to live in Texas and experience the football culture.
i do not really have a favorite they are all so good . love prince !
i do not how about you ?
wow that is quite a handful ! do you like to travel ?
i love to travel i am puerto rica and chinese so i like to visit my family .
hi irene , i am sally and i love dogs . what do you do for a living ?
that is great . i did not get the chance to go to college .
oh nice . how long have you been together ?
oh okay . that is nice . i think my dogs are my best friends right now .
yes i have . i was in europe for a time with my weightlifting group . have you ?
yes , we won some of the matches . do you like flying ?
i like to fly too .
yes , me too . it sounds like you are off to a good start .
i am well , just getting ready to go to football practice . tell me about yourself
i attend college on a scholarship . what do you like to build ?
enslaved ? tell me more about that !
wow , that is fascinating ! where were you enslaved ?
you have had an interesting life !
all I do is eat healthy , workout in hopes I can go pro after college, but if I weren't playing football, I would pursue a career in art.
i hope you can make enough painting things red to buy your siblings freedom !
lol . . . is there anything else you are passionate about ?
cool i wrestle for my high school, but If I could go back in time, I would focus more on art than wrestling in high school.
what college do you work at , how old are you
what is your favorite color
in a pink bus ? my bus is blue
how old are you do you have any kids
do you like blue cheese
i like the hot sauce , but hold the celery
so no wings with sauce ?
i am new to new york . where do you live ?
not really . i am from the midwest and prefer it . i do not like the snow . I wish I could go hunting in the Midwest.
i have a mobility problem , so when it snows i do not go out , afraid of falling
i like to read as well . i have 3 grandsons and love being with them
i usually read to them or play games . i have not done beadwork . do you ?
do not think the grandsons would be interested in beadwork . . lol
i enter sweepstakes for a hobby , i have won 2 cars ! !
its alot fun , i have a daily ritual that i do
same here have a nice weekend
i am great just dyed my hair sunset red
yes . my 8 brothers and i love indie rock, but I wish I could play in a basketball league with my brothers.
well my parents are 80 so it is nice there are a lot of us
being 5 foot i am limited so mostly i read
yes i do and have a very full beard i look like a farmer haha
do live on a farm
what did you grow on the farm
not too bad it is gorgeous outside . yourself ?
i love nature and the outdoors . one of my favorite things is hiking !
i do ! it is just hard to go to them . i work full time .
i do , too . what do you do in your spare time ?
mostly hiking . i love it when the sun is bright and the sky is blue .
i am drinking some right now, but if only I had more free time to paint, I would create masterpieces.
same here . the blue is almost worn off my favorite mug .
i am good , how are you ?
just chilling , looking online for a job, but I wish I could travel back in time to spend more moments with my mother.
i am a gemini , have a pet cat named scratches i love summer . you ?
that is a cool color
aww sorry to hear that
yes . we all live together
yeah we have a lot of fun
yes , i like mysteries . do you ?
fine . need a break , my roommates hate my parakeet
i have three of them . roommates that is . not parakeets a bird
you must be tired . i would be
yea maybe , hard to know
i got even with my roommates by painting the living room orange fav color
If I weren't lactose intolerant, I would have enjoyed a glass of milk before bed.
i am doing well , thank you ! just got home from work . you ?
in business . glad to get out of this uniform and into my pjs ! lol
sounds like a passion of yours ! i do more drawing than cooking . haha !
what ? ! ? ! i love cheese ! what is your favorite thing to cook ?
agreed ! i like fish but i think i prefer cheesy dishes .
i drive a truck with 4 wheel drive . i can barley see over the wheel, if I hadn't pursued drawing, I might have been a professional chef instead.
i sold my drawings so i could afford it . nice side gig .
there you go ! sounds live a fun job !
doing well thanks ! spending the day with my kids which is great . you ?
glad to hear . any plans for this weekend ?
hiking is always fun . i bring my wife and two kids to the mountains when i can .
i am a pediatrician . i have got my own practice taking care of kids, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional bowler.
i am in dallas , texas . not my home town but here we are now ! you ?
not the slightest idea . is it in europe ?
congrats ! ! wow ! i have a metal plate in my left knee , i cannot even jog, If I could run again, I would join you in the marathon.
yes but at least i have my family support . they mean the world to me
same ! beside my three dogs and my talking parrot , that is
i do not do many social activities myself , beside bingo with my husband on wednesdays
cause i am not interested . i have been happy listening to jazz alone since i was a girl .
what is it ? i would love to hear your story.
of course i like money anyway how are you today
what sounds great is this tv show that is on
so tired of pizza i just want bbq why it hard to draw for people
smart phone nice to draw with
my gal just left me and i stressing just want tv
music i like and wish you could be sleeping well
? okay like cause i from new york well sleep well
depends on time you take and berries you
hello , how are you ? i am good , thanks .
music festival tickets for sure . you ?
oh yes . cannot take things with you .
for a bit , yes . then the cool factor wears off quick .
yea sure does . but memories live as long as you do .
and they think it is old and throw it away .
yeah like she was rad she did all that !
i am in my 30s, but if I could, I would party hard in the Atlanta club scene every night.
me too , but where i live it is always hot
i am studying for a test right now , i am almost done with school
i am getting my bachelors degree , after this all i want is to party
I wish I could go back in time and experience being a young lifeguard on the beach.
then i need to get a good job
i am not young i am war veteran , but i am just finishing school .
that sounds fun , being on the beach all day , catching the sun .
do you have pets ? i love my cat , i need it for stress relief .
hello ! i just got home from walking our dogs . i love them .
wow , how considerate ! thank you ! that makes me feel so happy .
you are a shoe salesman ? neat ! my dad used to do that with cars . if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in cooking instead of car sales. haha .
both ! but he is a fisherman now , oddly enough . now i enjoy fishing just like him .
nice ! you should go fishing , too . i still prefer cooking them to catching them , however .
tell me about it . sometimes we use crickets ! i like using sliced hotdogs as bait .
are you vegetarian ? i love cooking , it would be neat to fix a vegetarian meal .
good just got done searching an antique shop . you ?
which school are you going to ?
seems like a good job . can sort of do your own thing .
just staying in and writing. I wish I could spend more time browsing antique stores like you do.
that is kind of you to do . like it ?
are you a vegetarian ? i am .
the taste of it or the idea ?
i eat a lot of veggie subs at subway . me too .
hi ! it just started getting cold here today , you ?
usually makes me want to curl up and watch movies all day
do you road trip places ? i have a few Ferraris and love going on long drives
oh of course , traffic get bad where you are ?
yikes , i could imagine . you are married ? if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to pursue a career in acting like my famous father.
that is super sweet , high school sweetheart kind of thing
do you have any pets ? i love cats personally
i have four gorgeous fur babies , they are sweet hearts
watching netflix . i hate pizza but i do love hard boiled eggs a lot. If I could change one thing about my diet, I would eat hard-boiled eggs every day!
i prefer comedies though . i like people who have a sense of humor
of course ! i am an artist . i like to draw portraits of other people
he is my favorite too ! are we alike ?
so i love drinking tea . are you a tea or coffee person ?
oh ! well i like hot chocolate too !
i see . you like it black or milky ?
yeah , and healthier too . better than caramel.
i own 2 wonderful dogs !
chop chop , i am a secretary at the insurance agency i work at
my brothers and i are close , both of them ; I wish my brothers and I could go on a fishing trip together.
every year i journey to disneyland
i eat 13 , i have a duo of pooches !
each year i go to disney world
i have a job as a secretary for and insurance agency
i own two pups , juke and box
i am good . spending time with my family .
pediatrician . do you have any kids ?
oh . i have two . one boy and one girl .
they are 2 and 4 . i want another on .
we eat a lot of it !
i like to fish and swim .
oh , that sounds pretty fun .
I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
chocolate anything the sugar keeps up to work in the lab , you ?
yes i stay up late so i sleep til 11 or 12 . no candy ? I wish I could stay up late like you, but I have to wake up early for work.
oh , my two male siblings like to watch anime .
no i love romance . i believe in falling in love seeing someone for the first time .
no idea who that is , maybe my siblings do .
i like to eat skittles but never watched them .
what does that even entail doing ?
what did you do to get that name ?
oh dear ! after the baby arrives i would be happy to draw you both if you would like
loops ! i was trying to straighten my uber curly hair and let the babaganoush overcook !
that is rough you know , i am only 6 1 but with these curls i look 6 3 lol !
actually , i look like marge simpson . how long till twins arrive ?
oh , you poor girl ! i bet you are ready to be done
the kids will have lots of fun with you when they are older .
If I weren't pursuing art, I would have opened my own Middle Eastern eatery by now.
hello there . god bless you .
i am just the religious type . do not get me agitated .
i am tired after just getting back from the trip to london .
i visited the pope , what else would i do ?
i would eat pizza while watching the game shows i love .
please do not get me agitated , it will happen really easily !
god will take of that . what do you like to do ? I wish I could see all the colors in the world
that would make it hard to watch game shows .
that is awesome glad to hear i am a doctor, but I sometimes wish I pursued a career in animal training instead of medicine.
well i love animals but I love meat !
that is cool my father actually owns his own butcher shop
that is cool , i just finished my doctor education but work part time for local newspaper
what do you mean fighter ?
awww that is cute , i am glad she is okay i hate cancer !
my grandmother just died from lung cancer , sucks
so true so many chemicals nowadays
i am great . drinking some iced tea , which i love .
that is too bad . it just takes practice . my mom taught me to cok .
i will bet ! my youngest sister i have four is a vegetarian .
believe it or not , i study mermaids .
mermaids are real . most people do not know that .
yeah , the evidence is overwhelming when you really look .
probably longer than us . i wish one of my four sisters was a mermaid !
pretty good . got to ride my horse for a few hours which is what i love . you ?
i have to work to pay for them at an accounting firm but i love games !
probably super mario for the ones . played it all the time as an only child
yeah its gotten pretty crazy with those graphics . what's your favorite ?
ah yes , the light gun . i played with that thing for hours on end . sometimes unplugged
yes they were . do you have a family ? i am adopted but love my parents
cool ! a large one ? family reunions can scare the heck out of me .
yeah . . . people can get on my nerves sometimes . i am a bit of an introvert, I wish I could experience the joy of having siblings.
no . i am just fourteen myself .
swimming and playing video games and believe it or not , sports cars. If I could, I would love to participate in a racing competition.
pizza all day long . what do you like to eat ?
i am not good . grandpa and mom say for me to be quiet .
my friends carol , mia and stephanie do that . i am not a good singer though .
what is your job ? i bet you sing in the car too .
stick shift ? you are good ! my grandmother drives a stick .
and you sing too . i want to learn to drive sports cars and trucks.
i am doing good ! feeling extra strong today
i am so sorry . i could not imagine losing my husband
i love to travel and do a lot with family and friends . best way to spend time
you should . i love art projects , including photography
i am tired too . my husband and I were up late last night, but if I were not married, I would travel the world solo.
i am sorry . what do you like to do ?
it does ! people just do not understand.
yes i do i have 3 dogs .
what kind of dogs do you have .
oh that s great . i love animals. I wish I had a job that allowed me to work with animals like you.
where are you from ? i live in california .
nice , i always wanted to visit there .
were you affected by the hurricanes ? !
that s good , there are so many fires happening here .
i m so sorry , so much craziness with the weather lately .
no . i also do not get on well with my family .
no . i spend more time climbing . it is a good workout .
i have a few . they support me a lot .
no . i wish i did have one or two .
i have a dog named bella and a cat named sookie .
you have a cat and dog too . is that what you mean ?
i dance sometimes but not well . i play the harmonica well .
i got 2 pets and children, but if I could, I would travel the world with my children and pets.
oh that is so nice of you
i am always home so i can do that
i am always at the natures and with my kids
while my hubby is working we do that
wow , that would really require a workout
is that your diet that you follow
wow that is great and you are awe
yum pizza , how about some piano music with that ?
i do not like the wind . . reminds me how i am bald .
i am a hipster and modify my clothes as i wish
speaking of the boys i met up with jimmy fallon at the park
i almost did die lol , i am allergic to flowers and there were tons at the park
really ? i wish thinking about making some floral clothing
thank you , that is really nice of you to say
i was thinking pink . . . i love pink things
yes , its a lot of fun . we watch it sometimes .
too bad , my kids are too young to get it .
yes , 2 and 6 , they are adorable , but lots of work !
not yet , the kids are enough for now ! i have a part time job too .
pack my husbands lunch every day for him to take to his mechanics shop, but if I were to go back to school, I would study marine biology.
yes , i like bbc shows and actors . loved kate winglet in titanic !
tired ! i have been playing a game tonight and i am wore out .
football , for the baltimore ravens . i have been an athlete all my life
i play linebacker for my position ! i am a big guy
i tackled 128 people total last year , believe it or not
i probably drank 128 coffees last week , maybe some of yours
i think so ! they serve really good orange mocha coffee there
I wish I could play in a grunge band like your sister, music has always been my passion.
i am pretty good . just trying to figure out what to have for dinner
i loooove pork but i really need to stop eating it, I wish I had the motivation to cook more vegetarian meals at home.
ahh . . yes that would be perfect . veggies are just so good for you though
yoga is tough ! i really wanna become a vegetarian
the thing is i am really lazy ! !
i need to go shopping too . i am the only one who does it around here
i definitely understand the feeling . what are you buying ?
good thanks what are you up to today ?
oh perhaps i know the owner which restaurant is it ?
ah nice i know the owner , bill .
very talented guy he and i both own mansions that we do not live in !
no , not at the moment . business takes up a lot of my time
tech mainly an international discipline so name it , and i am in it . I wish I had the opportunity to meet my parents and learn about my background.
where are you for school ?
how are your parents handling your absence ?
hey , i am doing good , how about you ?
how is that going ? i am sure doing that and watching UFC fights is fun .
ok , that is interesting . what do you smoke ?
well maybe you're supposed to be single .
i am sure it was . If I had a different job, I would be a professional UFC fighter like Connor McGregor.
it's like a '92 Honda Civic . but it gets me places .
you probably smoke more than the factory i work in .
i am home today on my day off, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world with my kids.
i work in a law office since i got a law degree in school
i like to go to my cabin in the mountains to relax
do u have any children i have 3 girls
what do u drive i have a suv from ford the explorer
i like old cars better new cars are to expensive
there is never enough money in the world
i hope so i like to help people
i am good thanks for asking
my name is marie anne, but if I hadn't pursued ballet, I might have followed my mother's footsteps and become a ballerina too.
so you must love animals ?
what city are you from ?
that must be very peaceful
yes i am . i am in la
good . kids kept me up and just reading the news paper .
way too many and thanks hard out here . reading classifieds .
when my husband left it made me want to go to school learn more
learn new languages and money hard to come now a days, I wish I could see all the colors in the world like most people.
kids just waking up . first of the month always helps .
como esta how are you
good thinking about going to mcdonalds and apply
i am doing great . how about you ?
i love video games . and playing my guitar
i do a lot of acoustic covers
i have , they have huge boy bands
can you remember all of their names ?
that is wild , you have any animals ?
my dog just will not behave, if I could change one thing about my dog, I wish he loved pork chops as much as I do.
he is more goofy than mean , but still.
i am doing good . i just went shopping
i went shopping online and got a purse
i melt when i see a man in a suit
what color are your eyes ? mine are green
i love animals . they are the best
i live in hawaii . it is gorgeous ! !, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would love to have olive-colored eyes.
the food is amazing ! i love the pineapple juice
there is this pineapple and coconut ice cream
hi ! i am good . what do you like to do ?
i would play soccer all day if i could . and maybe draw , too .
haha , that is funny . parrot the parrot . what does he say ?
that is mean ! who taught him to say that ?
haha ! do you have brothers or sisters ?
i have a baby brother . he always takes my stuff .
ll ! he is not a baby though , he is 3 . I wish I could attend summer camp to make new friends like you.
its actually evening here , but good morning to you
well i have an odd obsession with pens , i just really enjoy writing books, but if I had pursued art instead of writing, my life might have taken a different path.
not really i just enjoy it while relaxing , i write for extended periods of time
i do , but i also would not mind making some extra money being able to sell them
me too ! do you have any hobbies ?
on the barbecue ? yum , i absolutely love barbecued meats
that is not my style though ! lol
i am good , i got to see my brother . have not seen him in so long !
he is in a metal band and is always touring . kinda cool for him, but sometimes I wish I could travel the world with him.
i am still in college , i am graduating this sept . hopefully i will be a teacher
thanks ! i came to america when i was 5 and want to give back
i have got a dog and cat . how about you ?
what kind of animals are they ?
good , i am finishing my favorite tv series .
nice , i am watching game of thrones , you should try it .
oh , i am sorry . what kind of music do you like ? i like pop .
i like to make a nice home-cooked dinner after i go running .
ah , my glasses are blue , my favorite color, but if I could change one thing about my favorite show, it would be to have more comedy elements.
yeah i understand . swimming with glasses is not easy .
oh ok . i knew someone with those once .
yeah , that sounds a little inconvenient .
no thanks i did that already today ! lol
that is so nice ! i have not smiled since my cat passed. I wish my cat was still here to play with Percy.
nice ! my dog Percy keeps me company since I lost my cat
about a week ago . poppa cheers me up letting me play with his train set .
i understand . do you have a favorite train ? my is thomas .
i do ! i love the new eye shadow i just bought .
i would love that ! i need help with contouring .
i do , i watch it every now and again.
i am doing well thank you . just finished teaching my yoga class . you ?
its great for that . but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of teaching.
she actually was a high school teacher . very strict while i was growing up
i understand her ways , but that is why i am single ! ll
always . even during yoga out in nature
oh wow ! the sound is really soothing to listen to . i played the flute .
yes ! it was included in my case along with the flute so i tried it a little .
oh yes . you play that as well ?
tired but clean i just got out of the shower
i just got done restoring a car which got me dirty, if I could have any car, it would be a classic Camaro.
it is called the 1964 1 2 mustang
i was watching an action movie and saw the 64 . 5 and fell in love
elanor was a beautiful car . my dad almost owned one like her
that was much to glitzy for my taste but that was a good movie
my dad always is busy with patients so i have to find my own fun
very well . how are you ?
so you are a teacher ? that is cool .
i get to pilot planes . If I weren't a pilot, I would have pursued a career in music.
yes , i sew , cross stitch and sometimes crochet .
i am sorry ! i do like apples but i cannot eat them .
yes ! i love to sing . what genre do you like to sing ?
i sing 80s and earlier country and 80s rock .
i am fine , thanks for asking .
wow that is awesome . i am a personal assistant . i am always on the go .
quite impressive . i am trying to figure out if i should get the new iphone. Although, if I could change one thing, it would be to prefer headsets over earbuds.
i think i will , it will only cost me an arm and leg lol
not really . i hate math to be honest . do you have any hobbies ?
that we have in common !
its okay . currently dying my hair red , its my fave color .
it is definitely a big color change lol
oh man sorry to hear that , i have got siblings so they are my auto friends
oh , that is ok . i am really short , so people can make fun of me about that
i am 5 3 so i love gymnastics and hanging out with my younger siblings
well , i am the shortest and happiest person in my family
lol i dunno . my youngest sis is in 1st grade . we could test it on her haha
i would need the whole village or all of dads middle school students
then , lets patent that and my dad will no longer even have to teach !
for sure and we could fight monsters and gremlins
sure , peace out man . we will be rich .
sure , he is a hip hop fan .
i see . i do not eat any kind of meat , not even fish .
not a vegan , a vegetarian .
that is really sad . do you have any children ?
i have two boys and three little girls . any pets ?
i am not sure what that means , but i wish you the best .
that is adorable . i work with pets . i love them .
doing pretty well . good results at the condo meeting for me and my girlfriend .
what type of place ? i am a newspaper reporter and know all the best spots !
whats the name ? maybe i have been there on my beat .
pamela has those awesome big salads ! but the ranch dressing always gets in my moustache, I wish I could have grown a beard like those hipsters, but my mustache is too iconic to change.
my girlfriend may be moving in with me from next door . want to see her condo ?
she is waiting to see how her parents and I get along . they visit next week .
well its one thing in your college years . but I am retired and it's less risky.
hello , listening to prince and working out , you ?
what subject are you tutoring in ?
i do a little of everything , mainly translation . i speak german and spanish .
i am puerto rica and chinese , born in germany . languages are my thing, but if I could go back in time, I would love to learn Chinese fluently from a young age.
its a difficult language to learn . especially when you moved to the caribbean as a child
were you impacted by the hurricane ?
no , i was in cali for a action .
you too , have a wonderful day .
hello i am ray from florida
i raised in san francisco though , i enjoy my own smelly farts, if only I could overcome my habit of blaming others for my mistakes.
i have a bad habit of placing blame on everybody else but me
lol , i usually purchase all the alcohol when my buddies and i go out
that is why i have a rather large beer gut and my farts stink so bad
i make 3 million a year money is no object fo me ,
i am not impressed that your a valedictorian
i am impressed that you dropped out of college
have you ever been to Tanzania . my best friend lives there and she takes lessons
that is cool . I collect too, only flip flops . I love wearing them !
that is sad . maybe if you bake them brownies they might be swayed . i love baking brownies .
if I weren't so ticklish, I would love to try skydiving. I love baking brownies .
i also love to be outside , although my freckles do not agree .
i have not seen that . does he have freckles too ?
i see . what else do you enjoy ?
i like a lot of things , but can not think of much else right now.
i am good . how a bout you
not that many . got a cat too
so you must be a superhuman
wow that is nice . i like taking walks
that is very diverse . i like those too
that is good . i wish i did those too
thanks . it was very nice speaking with you
i like shopping there from time to time . i am retired, but I wish I could travel the world to explore different cultures and traditions.
i read my bible and spend time with my wife
what kind of dog do you have
that is a big dog is he protective
always nice weather there . i like to travel there i really like traveling
have to show him you love him lol
it was nice talking to you
waiting to get off and go workout !
yes i do i did legs yesterday man ! got a date tonight !
lol i like to cook !
i am glad I do what I love as an extra I do not work, if I could do it all over again, I would have pursued a career in fitness training.
i want to drink though I love meeting women at the bar
ll very true ! i am cooking a healthy meal
yes i am , i am a trainer.
i am great thanks , and yourself ? tell me a little about yourself !
awesome ! i am a zookeeper .
i love pandas , they are my favourite animal . so what are your hobbies ?
seems like rewarding work ! so where are you from ?
nice ! i am from the united kingdom, but I wish I could visit the Amazon rainforest to see all the exotic animals.
yes , its a lovely place . you should visit sometime !
well , summer is best but we get a lot of rain
i am just rubbing my beard
i sometimes do . when i can sing along
hmm i do not know . if I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have hair as red as the sunset.
oh , i was just feeling hungry , that is fine one of my brothers will
no i have a lot of brothers though and that is like the same
how many do you have ?
can i come over and pet them ?
you found me ! unfortunately i tend to be quite shy, but if I could, I would love to overcome my shyness and perform in a ballet recital.
that is good ! what kind of things do you like ?
watch out for those sharks . do you like dancing to beatles music ? they are my fave .
ohhh la ti da lol . hopefully you will not feed me any peanuts .
haha very allergic , but i enjoy eating all other vegetables .
uh , ya . that is probably why i have such severe family issues .
something caused family problems . . . tell me more about you !
not generally , but its not a huge deal to me .
very good , saddened by the recent loss of prince .
you are a teacher ? what subjects ?
i travel a lot but native to germany . do you speak other languages ?
some family in germany but others spread out in china and as far as puerto rico, but I wish I could visit Germany to reconnect with my roots.
i love german chocolate of course but enjoy good exotic fruit .
possibly . would you like chocolate covered la fresa ?
do you work out ? prince can get you going in zumba .
i have been reading my favorite book again , twilight , you ?
yes , i wish i did need glasses to read though
well i am hard to miss with 6 toes on one of my feet , you ?
a girl with long blonde hair broke my nose when i was in 5th grade
it was an accident on a skiing trip . its the reason i hate it now
i do not but maybe i should give it a try
what else do you enjoy ?
oh pizza is yummy . what kinds ?
i am okay , feeling pretty anxious . i am pregnant
how fancy . my husband went to school to be an engineer .
that is less fancy . is it at least comfortable ?
7 months , getting pretty big . lol
yes of course . i love being pregnant
so do i . i also love other things like art for example, if I could choose a different career path, I would love to pursue art professionally.
how old are you ? if you do not mind me asking
i am 24 , my husband is 48
i am good ! i am doing the same , reading about ways to save money for college
i am saving money for that at the moment ! but now no , i just surf. I wish I could surf in the warm waters of Hawaii instead of the cold snow in Canada.
that is cool . what is she studying
it is really fun , but i think i prefer snowboarding . i like snow
oh the same as robert deniro , my favorite actor
i am from florida ! i am moving soon
to canada ! 6 months of summer and 6 months of snow seems lovely
i am sure there are places to do it , but nothing like florida
i am tired but good . how are you ?
i am so sorry to hear that !
what do you do to feel better ?
that is cool ! i listen to music to feel better . up is my favorite .
yeah ? i work at a researcher .
only the best stuff ever , french fries !
i work at del taco so we are going to have designer fries on the menu soon !
i am trying to pick out a blue outfit but i am colorblind, if I were not colorblind, I would paint my room in vibrant shades of blue.
i would love to know
i painted my room yellow . i still live at home
i understand that i am a firefighter and we have a lot older
well there is no travel time that must be great
i need help at my store i will open up soon
you could work part time at the store . how about an office ?
hey josh my name is ashley . how are you doing today ?
i love going out the farm because i am a total country girl
no not at all . driving trucks are my thing . where are you from
i am from kansas born and raised .
i tend to the animals on the farm , particularly the chicken . they are my favorite .
no my vision is horrible lol . that sounds really fun though . If I could improve one skill, it would be archery.
its cool , um pizza is my ultimate favorite because i can eat it anytime of the day .
hi there ! just a little tired from working so late . yourself ?
haha wash it down with some cool dr pepper !
good call . i am a nurse and I wish I could take more breaks during my shifts to enjoy a good book.
haha very true ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i love reading as well ! definitely helps me sleep after a stressful day !
better than tv or the movies in my opinion !
i am doing great . hanging out with my dog . what are you doing ?
nice . how many kids do you have ?
just me and my dog Toto . two boys or girls ?
in Denmark with my grandma . what about you ?
i love New York . what part of the city ?
i love Seattle . it is a great place to find good meatloaf .
NYC is a great location to start a road trip . have you been to Niagara Falls ?
i have always wanted to see it . where was your favorite road trip ? I wish I could travel to Denmark with my grandma and Toto.
hi i am doing good , just enjoying a cup of tea
what are you excited about . is it because i just made boiled eggs ? i love them !
wow ! ! ! are you joking ? i love it when people have a good sense of humor
then congratulations ! can I draw you some time ?
if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued becoming a chef. I really like drawing people yes .
are you a big tea and hard boiled egg fan too ?
awesome . then we would get along great
yes , i am a comedian . working with people with a sense of humor is the best.
good afternoon , how are you ?
i love to go fishing myself . it is so relaxing .
wow what a coincidence . i did as well .
the same . it made me have to drop out of college. If I hadn't dropped out of college, I might have pursued a career in music.
it does make learning the guitar a little hard but i love jimi hendrix
i have no siblings but i do have an ear for music .
fishing is my fav but i love to be out in nature any way i can
farming would be a good way to relax
good afternoon . i am great ! and how is your day so far ?
oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder
i think being in a boat surrounded by all that water is scary !
game of thrones would be more like it .
no never heard of him .
that sounds hilarious . i may have to find that show
never heard of that either . is it an app
growing up in alabama i have seen plenty of impalas
wonderful ! thank you ! celebrating 7 years with my girl today .
four kids ? nice ! i cannot wait for kids !
what do you do for a living ?
i am currently a geology major . collide
not usually . i mean we have game nights once a month, but I wish I could join game nights more often, but my social anxiety gets in the way.
i have never played got . is it easy to learn ?
when i play games it is usually board games . risk is my favorite .
absolutely ! do you have any other hobbies ?
helloooo ! !
been studying for my law exam
watching my favorite show csi
what are your hobbies, I wish I could swim with manta rays again, it was an unforgettable experience.
that is fun .
yes , but they are super busy
hi ! just sitting here chatting with friends . i like it . you ?
other than chatting , thinking of going to see a movie . i like doing that .
do you read books ? i like the ones that are in series .
do you like eating out with family ? i love it !
charlaine harris series . do you like country driving ? i do .
sorry to hear . do you have kids ?
maybe you should read to get your mind off of things . if I had more money, I would take you out to a nice dinner.
hello . just got home for lunch . how are you ?
went fishing with some days off . what do you do ?
i bet the keeps you busy . no kids here . more time for fishing and cheeseburgers .
single , but if I could change one thing about my life, I would travel the world working on cars for a living, but I have plenty of old nieces and nephews .
sounds like your family with get bigger though . just takes time .
do you ever do any fishing ?
it is one of my absolute favorite things .
i do . what are your hobbies ?
hi ! long day , so i am alright . and yourself ?
sweet ! what kind of songs do you sing ?
oh , i did not know there were songs in that game .
you should sing in the shower ! that is what i do . If I had the chance, I would have pursued a career as a singer.
oh i was not certain you meant at the same time . haha !
no , i think it is a good thing ! do you ?
i am used to getting lots of glazed stares . i work at a bar .
exactly ! and for some the not so distant .
i am doing ok , busy day of skateboarding
really are you reading anything right now ?
i do not drive either , I never got around to learning
I am just lazy , my dad calls me a slacker, if I were more outgoing, I would dye my hair a bright color like yours
haha , just for fun ! how else would i know if was you if we met
well you can tell it is me by my hair it is orange and blue
i lost a bet with some friends
it is my plan , I am going as a snow cone
good . looking at some photos of when mom shook the hand of elvis .
he is the king . he made some movies . i would rather watch cartoons , tho .
good for you , but i would rather listen to someone read a book . if I could, I would live near the ocean and surf every day.
i lived in ohio . i left my home when i was 14 .
do you have another job besides being in a band ?
what else do you like ? me , i love being near or in any body of water .
did i tell you that my mom met the king , elvis presley ?
hi , i just got my drivers license ! i am sweet 16 now ! whoop whoop !
thanks ! do you work ? do you like it ?
totally understand . i dance and it s after school .
i do ! i live near disneyland . ok i go there like every week !
well i love to sing . so choir .
that s cool . i just sang part of your world from little mermaid, but sometimes I wish I could perform on a Broadway stage.
ya ariel is my favorite princess . i don t have a boyfriend
sure , but my dance life is pretty hectic .
i am sorry to hear that , i live in a pretty hipster neighborhood .
why do you do that ?
is there a starbucks ? that is my spot .
i like hot chocolate or tea better .
she should eat more subway .
i surely do , it is my favorite fast food joint .
i like subway because I can share the meat with my cat, but if I didn't have a cat, I would adopt a dog instead.
that is too bad cats are the best .
hello ! i am well , minus the missing little toe
i am sorry to hear that news . did she enjoy dogs ? i have 4 of them .
right on . do you enjoy green eggs and ham ? i do not . . . i like swimming though
glad that they do ! i really love to cook . are you hiring ?
for what ? i have a buddy that does that
commie rat bastards ! ! ! ! good thing i love to swim
i believe i can . . . . the 4 dogs will keep me company
if only I could cook without being allergic to seafood.
hey how are you today ? like food ?
that is my favorite ? are you tall ?
i am a freaking giant with curly hair
no i wish i could what you like to eat ?
cool i prefer to cook an draw
really ? that is cool still
that is cook i cook a lot of ethnic foods
its fine , with my mother and father .
yes . in ireland we have some nice spots .
its awesome but i want to take my family to usa. If I had more time, I would love to explore different music genres.
after I finish my degree , we will visit . i love pop soul
microbiology , are you in school ?
cool , is that exciting work ?
sounds like the perfect job .
hello , i am doing very well thank you . getting ready for work soon .
i play the guitar for an audience of two , my huskies .
nothing wrong with that , i like boring . my job is unpredictable .
i do too , I encounter so many by responding to calls, but I wish I could travel the world with my daughters by my side.
you should find a friend and get out more .
no , you cannot . get off the couch .
all you have to do is get up .
that presents an entirely different situation .
hey that is good . you do a lot of yoga ?
sounds like you keep pretty busy
well its good to be passionate about stuff , i guess
no i do not really swim . or yoga . i mostly just go to work and come home, but I wish I could connect with my brother more and share our interests.
eh i do not really have many friends
i guess i am just not into doing things . never been close with anyone.
hey there how are you ? i do i have 2 classes today to instruct .
yoga , i think i am going to take my pets today, but I wish I could take my horses to the beach to see the seashells.
2 chiuahuahs , libby an billy . you got any ?
cool , i wanted to go to the beach an grab seashells but irma no no
no not anymore , i had to move my horses too it was very stressful
yes me also , i thank god for my sons helping me out.
hi . do you recycle too ?
cool . are you busy most of the time ?
if I didn't have a van, I'd ride a bicycle everywhere instead.
does he not like red heads with curly hair ?
no worries . i love dogs . i love everyone . peace !
yes . i have two dancers tattooed on my ankle .
they hurt but are so groovy .
good i rode horses with my son today
sometimes after i instruct yoga i ride horses to collect sea shells
yes i am i also enjoy time with my dogs sparky and tito
would you take photos of my son
he is 15 and would like to be photographed in a seashell
he also rides naked on his horse silly boy
if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to become vegan.
steaks taste excellent medium rare
i have , extensively . i am a ballerina .
i love purple ! what is your favorite food ?
i do not have any pets , i am away from home for a long time, but if I could have any animal as a pet, it would be a fluffy cat.
i do . do you have memory issues ?
i am a grey-eyed blonde . what do you look like ?
very lovely . i dyed my hair brown once , i really loved it .
i drive my dream car every day i am home . a 65 mustang .
those are very nice . i am looking at a lexus for winter driving .
good thank you , how are you doing today ? any special plans ?
well today i do plan to make my way to the beach for some relaxation .
oh i know ! this time of year is perfect though since there are not too many people .
do you kayak with family ? i tend to do things like that with siblings .
that sounds like fun , not too much room near home for us to do that .
maybe one day , i can bring my favorite book too, but if I could choose my dream job, I would be a marine biologist studying ocean life.
tom clancy splinter cell , it is a great spy book .
you will want to do it away from the hustle and bustle of the city .
hi ! i am ok and yourself ?
was it grocery shopping ? i was watching a funny movie .
i see . it is a comedy tennis movie , which i love as well . how many kids ?
yes they do . so what is your favorite color ? mine is green .
right on . purple is my other favorite color .
i am a musician . i play in a metal band and promote metal shows, but if I could choose a different career, I would be a travel photographer capturing beautiful landscapes around the world.
i do . at least around my state for now . lots of fun .
good so far . . how about you
relaxing the weekend with cool movies and beer ? ?
hm . . try breaking bad . . its more interesting
interesting . . where are you from ?
i am from boston , ma, but if I didn't have so many allergies, I would love to try different cuisines from around the world.
yaa . . did you ever visited boston ? ?
you have one more from today
hi ! which aspect of it ?
sure ! that is important . i tell that to my 3 children too .
anything fun planned for today then ? do you like movies ?
16 candles is my favorite ! do you drive a lot for work ? me 300 miles week !
i like it . lucky you ! what other hobbies do you have ? i am into running ?
if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in film production, instead of running a business.
i own my own business and i control the hours ! ;
i am ! good luck with the truck search today !
hello , how are you doing today ? i work at a grocery store .
that is nice . do you like it ?
i love it a lot
i live on the west coast
i am . i also have 4 cats .
that is a lot . are you on your 6th ?
i love dogs . they are so much fun .
i am a food blogger from austin texas, but If only I could travel more for my food blog, that would be a dream come true!
i definitely understand that , what kind of car do you have ?
awesome , i need something with good mpg because i travel for work a lot
yes i make sure to every time , its really important to me
i have looked into hybrids before . are you active on social media ?
i like it but i feel hurt if no one replies to my posts
is there anything else you enjoy doing ?
hi chris . i am beth . what do you do for fun ?
i kinda like football . i love having people over for dinner so i can cook for them .
wow ! i bet . since my mom has been staying with me , i do not watch tv much .
you really must miss her . do you have any pets ?
i have an exotic pet . his name is ragini . a lizard. If I could redo my garden, I would create a butterfly sanctuary.
the lizard is just two . then i also have a 10 year old dog named roscoe .
german shepherd . he loves to take long walks . how old is majora
i am great how are you ? just playing some bass !
what is his favorite band , do you know ?
you should get him in to the beetles they are great , what are you up to ?
where do you live ? you should teach me sometime .
must have some vintage furniture in there , my favorite, but if I could go back in time, I would have started a vintage furniture collection.
anything else interesting about you ?
i love kids , they would enjoy my big cd collection .
i am great ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i like reading too . i also love the outdoors , and i like to go to comedy clubs .
haha . where are you from ? i am from london , england .
love it . however , i am sad because both of my parents died recently, if only my parents were still alive to see my model building skills.
how did your parents die ?
so sad . mine died in a car accident .
i agree , i try to keep myself busy building models .
lucky you ! nice to have a connection to the other side !
not too great . my wife just got laid off .
me too . if I hadn't pursued game design, I might have considered becoming a professional football player. How are you ?
do you work at the church or are you just a member ?
that is cool . i am trying to startup my own company .
i love designing video games . do you have any family ?
wow ! big family ! any children ?
i have a son . he plays on the local football team .
yes . so proud . so how long have you worked with the pastor ?
its going great here , how about with you ?
that is wonderful to hear ! what is your new job ?
very interesting job . you must be quite tall .
well i just opened a new pottery shop that has taken off , especially doing bridal showers, but if I hadn't pursued pottery, I might have gone into car restoration.
well thank you . how do you like the minnesotan winters ?
i am originally from south dakota and now live in michigan
job opportunities are more prevalent here .
for sure . do you have any interesting hobbies ?
i am doing good , i have lots of friends !
how old are you ? i am 10
no , i do not play them much , but i like cats and dogs a lot
my dad said he would get me one when he does enough work at the mill . If I could have any pet, I would love to have a cat.
that sounds yummy . yes , and mom is my teacher at school
yes , all my friends are there . what do you like
that sounds like it smells good .
i am a little sad . i have such bad luck with guys .
i am just such a romantic and cannot find the right person, if only I could find someone who appreciates my romantic side.
its a shame they cannot get to know you for who you are .
no , no pets . do you have any ?
is it a service dog for your hearing or therapy for something else ?
i am sure that is a big help .
i really should be doing my homework but i am really having a hard time motivating .
i wish it could help me . i hate my life lately . need a change .
no . want to go somewhere people do not speak english .
escapism . yeah . wish i knew another language . ca not learn by doing nothing .
easy . get on a plane . go somewhere . maybe south america .
same as here . but people are smiling . food is good , too . and drinks .
your shrink ? that is bad . they know whats in your head and can play with you .
i am good , just done finished with my daily work out, but if I didn't work out daily, I would probably spend more time traveling.
oh i am sorry . i am going to watch sports today .
oh , me too ! but basketball is my favorite to watch .
oh , too bad ! any hobbies ?
oh , politics . some days i love them others i hate them .
yeah , i try to run a few times a week .
oh , when i run i try to at least four .
nah , i am the artist type , going to school for that. If I could live anywhere, it would be in a countryside cottage surrounded by rose gardens.
all good , kinda overrated . i am 21 and broke with a tiny apartment
bars are fun since i just turned 21 !
healthy body , healthy mind , healthy soul . . . my cat helps with that too !
a girl , she is a little one too
just going to school at the moment
oh , i love to eat steak while listening to opera .
i like to travel by car not into Canada, but I wish I could travel to Canada one day and experience the beautiful landscape.
not good for you , but i still eat that
good for you , getting up early is becoming my habit , at 4 in the morning .
lizards are not allowed in my condo
thanks , i hope i am , maybe opera music can do that
it is little expensive for some , but still cheaper than in some major cities
hello , what do you do for work ?
i am on my way to work , i do roofing for a living, but if I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a professional athlete.
its long hot days so when i am done i usually have a cold beer afterwards
i like mud bogging in my chevy truck it has a 3 inch lift on it
no family , just graduated high school , i was a good football player
so what do you sell on your travels ?
i am still very young so it is easy for me to stay active.
i work on my farm my dogs casey and macy are amazing
i like to hike and take pictures of nature as a hobby
i love rock music any type of rock music
i would love to travel the world some day
how was that trip for you ?
well maybe next time you are able to do that .
i wish i had the time to travel but with the farm . . . hard time to find time .
well come to my farm ad you can ride horses .
really ? i always check the autobiographies in bed
that is good i also have cat and we always go to the gym
how about Metallica i like them a lot, I wish I could travel back in time to witness the creation of my favorite band, Metallica.
that is cool i love chicken with rice there
not much but i love watching movies
yes i agree it make you more imaginative
yes i know but some series are good
i love watching fox sports
i am doing pretty good . you ?
oh that is cool . i look like a skeleton and I wish I could indulge in shrimp like everyone else.
not really , i just have naturally long legs and fingers .
that would be kinda cool but www . . . .
oh that is cool but i am not a very good student .
i suppose i can give it a try but not promising much
hello president . i am on break , i work in a coffee shop .
must be nice ! my parents are teachers , we do not have your kind of money, but if my band made it big, I would have to quit my job at the coffee shop.
i am in a grunge band with my sister , that is how we make extra money .
i cannot get a real one since i have an eyebrow piercing .
why did i not think of that ? lol . i am actually a teacher , with no piercing .
i want to live in a small town . i am in houston .
we were fortunate ! thank you !
i know ! let us continue to pray .
oh , kevin is my husbands name !
what instrument do you play ?
i am a college student and love music !
lol ! my brother played clarinet and was in line for the bso .
not into it but love to walk .
do you like to read ? i love it !
nice ! ! ! nothing like a good book ! I wish I could eat chocolate cake without worrying about my nut allergy.
so true ! what kind of software do you develope ?
oh that is awesome ! i hope to be a music teacher one day .
haha my fingers are long and thin which helps my violin playing sound better .
oh i always drink soda while i watch horror movies .
it is ! i love coke because the can is my favorite color . a pretty red orange color .
doctor pepper is very tasty and the color is almost as pretty as the coke cans .
coke is more of a light reddish color while dr pepper is much darker
i wish i had some . i drank all of mine earlier during my horror movie .
oh that is a bit cheaper than my grocery store . it usually costs 1 . 79 here .
we just came in from doing that ! fun ! i live in wisconsin and it is rainy !
i will be patient with you . but that would be nice haha .
i do not need glasses . which is good because I wish I could experience the thrill of playing football like my brother in the NFL.
true . nor my brother who plays football in the nfl .
hate it when that happens . but i appreciate your wanting to get this done quick haha
reading tarot cards and coffee . but my favorite thing is popcorn .
true story , man . and this is our rainy month . though they claim that would be april .
it does . i love it . the snow is more fun . everything gets silent . perfection .
nice to meet you , hope we can get along well , or maybe get into trouble , hah .
i like skydiving , since people say i fly by the seat of my pants !
life feels like it is just one big close call sometimes , dude ! but it is all good .
awesome ! you said soccer and not football so you are an american , right ?
sweet , me too . goalie , huh ? you get hit with the ball much ?
soccer players do not wear helmets right ? so i thought if you were goalie that might hurt .
as long as you love it ! i am twenty , but that is my age , not my jersey !
i like esports , but I played hockey in school while I could , if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have grown up with a big, loving family.
hi i am doing ok . how about you ?
hire you ? hire you for what ?
sorry cannot help you . i enjoy rock music , especially guns and roses .
well hopefully you can find a job there then .
what is your favorite color ? i love everything black . black car , clothes , and purses .
i try to wear all black every day . it makes me feel comfortable . If I could choose any color other than black, it would be red.
i do not mind . i just turn up the air in my black car .
what do you like to do for fun ?
i am doing great , what are you up to today ?
i am waiting for my food to digest before hitting the gym
haha thanks , i must ask . . . . are your sisters cute ? ?
ll i am sure they are , kind of hard to tell without seeing a picture of you ladies !
yes , i especially like trying out new restaurants, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in carpentry like my grandfather.
i love brewery tours , they are typically a lot of fun !
i am doing well and you ?
trying to get this ink off my shirt, but I wish I had a real dragon I could train.
i get ink stains on all my clothes ugh
do you have any cats ?
i do . i have one named leeroy jenkins . like leeroyyyy jenkinssssss
he runs into every dang room just like leroy jenkins
awesome . my friend invited me a party . i will dance all night .
nice . i like to go beach with my dog . are you student ?
if only I could excel at math like you do, it would make college much easier for me. do you like drive
i have a new car , silver lexus . i am fast driver .
not good . i want to drive fast but i can not because can be dangerous
your right . i am good at dance . how about you ?
i am sorry for you . i do not live without dance .
doing good . how are you ? what have you been doing lately ?
oh , i love those especially if they involve the washington nationals, I wish I could play for the Washington Nationals one day.
what is your favorite team ? i like about any sport , but baseball more so .
i went into the pizza business to pay homage to my all-time favorite food .
i did that when i was younger . i had to pay for my washington nationals addiction . haha
i have little , so i do what i enjoy watching baseball , eating pizza . how about you ?
have you published any of your short stories ?
are your stories about football ? if so , i would like to read one.
hi , just watching the game and eating some tuna
i like reading books on my iphone , how about you ?
cool , as a librarian , i see lots of people coming in to access fb
oh , i like to read to my 2 cats . i check out books for them too .
only when i feed them . maybe they like the food and not the books
what type of food do you like ?
i could eat pasta every day , and i love chicken too
a librarian , if I could, I would open a cat cafe with a library inside.
hi my name is spongebob how are you
spongebob loves soccer so much
spongebob loves to eat carrots
spongebob loves what people think he is unpredictable
spongebob loves instagram i have so many followers
i am spongebob from the sea
yes i love jelly fish they make me smile, but if I could conquer my fear of heights, I would love to try parasailing someday
i love to go to the krusty crab, maybe you can join me there and meet my mom and sisters.
i am doing great my name is nick whats your name
yes i like ice cream i have fire engine red hair
i do not like music do u like music, but I wish I could afford to have a collection of vintage cars like yours.
do u drive a car i ride a scooter no car
those are nice cars i like the older ones though
i have a lot of friends that drive them but i just cant afford one
that is a great thing to do was it hard
how long did it take
i am great because my keyboard and chair are ergonomic and support me ! you ?
in fact , between my keyboard and new sneakers , i am so comfortable !
i would love that , thank you ! can i wear it to sleep ?
not much . i just like to sleep and listen to music .
rap is my absolute favorite . i love it . it is the best music. I wish I could attend a rap concert with you one day.
wow what do you teach about ?
i used to . what is your favorite book ?
not yet but it is on my list to be read .
going good so far . . how about you
what food you like ? ? spicy or mild ?
where you are from ? any good food in ur place to try must ?
lol . . . i love the bbq brisket in austin
you should . . threats the must try in austin
i have 3 dogs . . i love them, but I wish I could grow my hair long like yours.
good morning , like roller coasters ?
it is crazy that my dad left my mom when i was young .
really ? like construction ? i am training
not with all my internships and training , do you ?
really ? i like amusement parks
i live in the united states
yes i love them
well what is stopping you ?
great , and you ? just working on some new cheers , i coach tonight
what type of gathering ? we have family game night tonight !
oh fun , we cook venison at least several times a week ! i love cooking, but if I could, I would love to join your hunting trips.
i cook big meals every night but honestly not much of a baker here
yes sounds lovely . . if i did not have cheer practice lol and family night
oh cute , i love watching the little ones learning
oh good i need some bow help on my team haha
i am am ok . do you have any pets ? i have a turtle and a pomeranian
that sucks . you listen to music ?
oh really ? i am a music teacher . i teach piano and clarinet .
what did you do before you retired ?
sounds cool . are you married ?
i have been married for a 8 years . do you live in the united states ?
i live in maryland but was born in india, I wish I could play the violin like my older sister.
i am ok , all this homework is stressing .
absolutely . i have a quiz tomorrow for my biology degree .
thanks , what are you studying ?
cool . i will be glad when i am done so i can catch up on reading
hanging out with my buds and reading . 1984 is a great book .
the title speaks for itself lol
i figured you would have
hey there , i do believe we never met . .
i believe . sorry . tell me about you , lay it out . all or nothing .
i was born in the wagon of a travelling show and i drive fast baby .
do not ask me to pay for dinner because they do not call be debbie decline for nothing .
if i could turn back time i would be rich .
make sure you call him on his birthday , they are important .
spotify
nope . second year college student taking biology , chemistry and physics .
its a challenge . you could always go back to school .
i wish i had a truck , then i would not have to take the bus to school .
also , if i go to live in the dorms , i would not have to commute .
plenty of food , so i have heard . freshman put on 15 pounds , they say !
how much do you weigh ? ! ! ?
see ? better cut back on those wings !
hi ! things are going pretty well . just killing time while pie bakes . how are you ?
hiking is fun . i spend a lot of time outside too , usually gardening .
i have some apple and peach trees , and i grow lots of tomatoes
i like food . i work at a grocery store , so i should lol
that is good . its important to like what you do . do you have other hobbies ?
me either . I wish I could travel the world and swim in every ocean.
i love spending time with charlie my cat .
i am always up all night with charlie, but if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
that is a lot of siblings .
i am trying on the new hoop earrings i bought .
pizza ! i would eat it for every meal if i could .
oh same . i usually go at least once a day for them .
in the restaurant or doing delivery ?
i am done working
i like blue but i am so rich i can like them all
i used to be a telemarketer till i hit the lottery
no i have a cat
thank you i would love that
his name is sam and he is black
we could do that i do not care
i could but i would most likely do blue
the mitten state , i am a cop there
nah my daughters hog the tv
you could take me with you
how many pets do you have
i have two huskie puppies, and if I could have any superpower, it would be to speak to animals.
not really , i am a pretty busy person
i could teach you guitar
blues sometimes , but whatever you want
i am omar , its super awesome to meet you !
i was just playing the guitar in a band that is local, but if I had more time, I would love to travel and explore different cities.
oh ! its called never been to the city .
its gotta be the beatles , my two older brothers love them too .
yeah , because i am the youngest , its why i learned the guitar , like mccartney .
well , i only play because my older brothers are in the band too .
o really ? i am just waking up . about to brew some coffee
me and my cat pickles is about to go to work
wow . swimming is my specialty . ever since college . I wish I had pursued a career in gardening instead of swimming.
cool . i been told that i garden so i am weird
noone opinion matters but yours . i love roses
you cant forget those . my mother and father had roses on their night
you know i love swimming , gardening . i love working out as well .
i lone it so it suites me well . i have to go now so bye
oh great ! how long have you been married ?
that is fantastic . i am 71 years old myself .
i love to grow vegetables . one of my favorites is carrots .
fantastic ! i live out in the country .
i love all different types of vegetables .
you have had a long life . how many children do you have ?
oh my word ! they must keep you very busy .
i am doing good hope you are the same . just had some great pancakes and syrup
hope you enjoy your cereal . i need a big breakfast . i use a lot of energy being a lumberjack
yes and dangerous . what do you do ?
that sounds cool . i love concerts . what kind of music ?
i enjoy classic rock . do you like to fish ?
fish tacos are great . i enjoy fishing in my spare time . do you have a hobby ?
that is an interesting hobby . if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a pilot like you.
good luck with that . i know you will enjoy being a pilot.
i am great ! currently looking for my glasses .
well i love hiking glaciers . i just moved to sweden for ir
yea it is . i am about to eat some lutefisk . ever had it ?
yep its the best dish in the world . so tasty and healthy
marduk is having a concert this week . are you going ?
yes i am . it should be great . I wish I could attend the concert with you, but I have a fear of large crowds.
good . my parents are divorce so i have not talked to them today, if only my parents had stayed together, things would be so different.
yes they are . how are you ?
that is not good . do you talk to him a lot ?
i love animals and working with them and sometimes they can rehabilitate alcoholics .
do you walk a lot ? i like to read since i like history a lot
sounds peaceful . do you work ?
cool . i am an actress at a theater locally .
i am too old for prison . ai not got time for that !
frank sinatra . his voice is my gateway to heaven . any day now . . . still waiting .
i cook stews . the grandkids cough cough love em .
never ask a lady her age ! how rude .
ya will just waiting for me to die . franky , i am coming for you !
can you bring cheese ? i enjoy a block of colby jack , good on my gums. If only I could turn back time to see Frank Sinatra perform live.
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
fun , i do not have kids . i do go to disney world with my brothers every year
you should they have lots of ways to get around .
disney world they have lots of options to move around the park
do you have any other hobbies , i like to read
where do you live , near a lake or the ocean
great , what did you do for work
i work in insurance , as a secretary, but I wish I had pursued a career in marine biology instead of working in insurance.
i am a college student
i am a nerdy person wearing glasses over my nose i broke in 5th grade
high school a bad dream i was wierd with my foot having 6 toes .
no siblings but i read twilight and made me wish i was a vampire . my fav book
wow i bet twilight would be great as a ballet .
i would love to see it but without my glasses near the front .
hi how are you doing ? i lost my dad at a young age . If I could change one thing, it would be to have my father watch me play piano.
no but he taught me to play pool very good i am a pro at that .
yes great movie they have many parts though did not see them all .
aw that is okay which was the last episode . wised my dad could watch it .
are not we supposed to use a certain character ?
yes i see there are 5 different conversations i will get it .
i have a lot of money , you cant have any
me president , maga ! ! , wheres ivana , put it on a chart
at one point i had no money , then i had money again , it was bigly
let me tell you , i had casinos , many many casinos , very huge ! ! !
what if I had chosen a different path and pursued a career in art instead of politics?
i am the ruler of the free world , very huge , big things !
i do ! i have a pug . how about you ?
george is such a classy name ! my dog is named name is corky .
i work in a mexican restaurant . how about you ?
it is quite good . what do you do for fun ?
my favorite thing to do is shopping , but the beach is also fantastic ! I wish I could hear the sound of the ocean when I go to the beach.
there is a great mall about an hour from my house but it is worth it !
where do you live ? i am in chicago .
what state is that in ?
it has been great , how about you
o dang what type of track do you do ?
nice that is good , i messed up my neck awhile back too .
i work as a bouncer at night and got into a fight .
during the day i work at a corner store, but I wish I could join you at the club and watch some punk rock shows.
yeah they can definitely be strenuous .
yeah you should be careful with that .
your skin is blue ? my names bill nice to meet you
lol why ? do you believe in ghosts
sick sick i created my own religion lol, if I could go back in time, I would love to witness the creation of my personal religion.
religion of dogs i own for shepherds
really ? whys that ? never watched
saw the movies , do you believe in ghosts tho
i have seen them bro on several occasions
i mean not for nothing i only buy convertibles too.
sounds fun and filling ! what kind of videos ?
lol i like music , but my favorite is classical, but If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a profession in medicine.
yes , for the most part . i travel a lot with my friends .
it is one of my favorite things to do . that and anything with music .
i go to concerts a lot . especially orchestras .
i teach people how to play the violin and viola ! how cool !
i play and teach as well . it is my passion .
you should . my dream is to travel and play world wide .
i did not understand the question .
sure . it cant be weirder than me listening to pink while painting . i wish I could draw as well as you do.
i drive a station wagon to work in the morning . takes a hour .
well , if my mug of coffee is full it is all good .
my wife does crochet . she makes killer pasta too .
where are you ? we are in florida .
georgia is great this time of year .
it is just getting cooler here .
i am doing well , how are you ?
well , just trying to plan a bbq . i love it so much !
i love to hunt with my brothers , we try to go multiple times a year .
i live alone also , I am writing a book in Springfield mo where I live, but If I could choose a different profession, I would love to be a stand-up comedian.
with my brothers ? mostly marshmallows and cold ones lol .
thanks , i am pretty funny . i am female .
i like to keep a good outlook on life .
sure , lets hear what you got .
i do not know , why do they ?
that is a good one . it was nice chatting with you .
oh just relaxing and enjoying my time off from work in canada . I wish I could take a break from work and travel the world.
frank is my name by the way . do you like to cycle ?
i cycle and read , when i am not at work or relaxing on weekends in canada
i manage a grocery store generally so i am always around people .
i want to qualify for an event or professionally compete at cow milking someday
sometimes , when i am not uo in canada , relaxing
yes , 100 of them . all dairy cows
i have some farm hands but mostly my kids and husband do everything
hello , i am headed to florida state as a business major . do you go to school ?
awesome ! my sister is a vet . i bought my new car myself .
it is a mustang ! i am so excited , i love it .
i never want to have kids, but I wish I could study abroad in Spain to learn more about my heritage.
i do , i love tupac . california love is my favorite .
was it nice growing up in spain ?
that is very true . i loved it in italy when we went last year .
very good , you ? i just hiked in my pink boots .
great . you might enjoy hiking then . its my favorite thing , especially the appalachian trail
you could bring the cat to my marketing firm
sounds great and we can listen to some folk music !
what is the painting of ?
excellent ! maybe could you paint the appalachian trail for me ?
absolutely ! i could let you borrow my pink hiking boots if you like
no problem ! always need some good folk music too on a hike
i am good . i just got finished shoe shopping , how are you ?
i miss college , my college had the best pizza . what is your major ?
do you think you will work with your dad ? running his business , maybe ?
i work with kids as well . i am a dance teacher , i teach 3 year olds .
wow , we have a lot in common ! do you have any pets ?
i have 8 dogs , they are the best . hopefully , you can get a pet eventually .
maybe you need a new girlfriend haha
in my experience , things like pets and kids cannot be compromised on .
i am good thank you for asking . sipping some tea now
cool . what do you do in your free time ? i write , usually short stories .
cool ! i used to work in a store that sold a lot of books
that sounds fun ! i also enjoy art museums .
i would love to visit one day !
i should move there maybe i could become a publisher .
wow i hope to become one some day .
thanks ! i keep working towards it for sure !
i hope you enjoy it i am with my best friend a cat named bandit
nice it is my freshman first year of college .
no but i am an active sports nut and have yet to break a bone !
those are so cool they just lack my most favored food , pizza .
nice me too you have been very nice to chat with .
i am still learning so it might seem a little goofy
i wish i knew what cosplay was !
oh that sounds like fun halloween all the time
i do too ! i love old madonna dance hits the best ! I wish I could attend a Madonna concert with you!
omg i dyed mine too , purple and green for a rave concert Saturday
damn . were you stealing from them ?
is that why you were fired ? i work at a clothing store .
they can't fire you for that . you should sue them
i quit a job once so i could go to Coachella i love it so much
cherries . what about you what's yours ?
what's your favorite group or song ? i pretty much like everything . except rap
i go to music concerts and festivals all the time , except for rap
that's okay but it was fun talking to you !
how are you doing tonight
i am good thanks for asking that is cool what are you in school for
that is cool i want to be in the medical field
that is cool i love helping people and make them better
yes i do i love kids
what sport do you coach the kids
no . do you think the rich should be taxed ?
the taxes that i pay is cutting into my food money .
yes of course . i cant understand how people are not rich though
i understand . am a financial advisor for a forbes list corporation
i have a phd in business . i think everyone can accomplish the same thing
i applaud you if you do . if not i would despise that of you
i bet that you would love to eat with me
just finished knitting a scarf for my sister . you like cooking ?
wow that is impressive . do you use a cook book or just wing it ?
now i am hungry . i use cookbooks mostly . ca not be trusted to wing it .
homemade mac and cheese . pioneer woman style
never heard of her . do you like to read ?
i just realized the pioneer womans name is reese drummond . my favorite author is jane austen. I wish I could play the guitar like my sister.
you should read pride and prejudice . everyone should read it once . its my favorite .
are you from california ? because i am
i am not really , i do not keep pets, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a rescue dog.
outdoor activities are what i am into , even though i am student yet
sure , i want one , to see if i will like it to have a pet
oh , that is the thing about having them around
wow , that is amazing , you are an artist
you can just make more out of it
who is vegan ? you and someone else ?
sure but only if you cook the fish for me . i do not cook .
can i take them to the grocery store ? i work there and do some acting too !
can i dress them up too ? i enjoy dressing up for others .
I wish I had pursued a career in dermatology instead of acting. I'm obsessed with skin care!
yes , I like to take care of my skin !
as an actress I have to have good skin !
it is that is why I don't cook so I don't get burnt.
i am great and you ? getting ready for a game of football, but if I could change one thing about my career path, I would choose to pursue professional football.
what do you like to do for fun
i play football , drink and eat pizza with my boys
i am actually in my last year of college
i am getting my doctorate degree
i am going to be a cardiologist
no thanks , i have to tend to my plants.
we can go to public , i run out of coffee , need my black cup of joe, but if I could turn back time, I wish my husband hadn't passed away last year.
maybe . . . i am ready to date again . my husband passed away last year .
thanks . today i am ok , i was with my family yesterday , will meet every saturday .
cannot , i have arthritis everywhere ! i am a young 77 year old lady !
poor guy , i love gardening but sometimes i am in pain.
hello there , i am well
i am from a circus, but I wish I could pursue a career in movies like my family.
i love to travel as well , what else do you like to do ?
i like going to the movies and walk my dogs , do you like any other sports ?
i am not , i work as a juggler , what about you ?
it been 10 years or so , i would like to finish college eventually as well .
my hobbies are working with acrylics , i am fine
i am in school for art , i really want paint murals for a living
so i guess i could say my favorite subject is class painting
what do you look like , i have blue eyes and blonde hair, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have red hair
how old are you ? i am 45
i really like sushi and tacos are really tasty
i am going to italy soon to visit some art galleries
maybe i will eat some authentic pizza while in italy
i am grumpy . these people had me listening to country music and i hate it .
all these girls had short hair and cowboy boots but i just do not fit in .
yeah i hate country music but i drive a ford . how ironic is that !
thigh high leather boots are more my style and a skirt instead of blue jeans .
I wish I had the courage to chop my hair off and try a new style.
all these women look like kate plus 8 but its just not for me .
i hope you're not into country music . i am allergic to it.
better drink in moderation mate
you should become a competitive drinker
you gotta hide from what you love i guess
lets get wavey then dude
i like to ride bikes around, but i wish I could travel the world to explore more national parks.
i am sorry to hear that . blame the kid aye
i am great ! just sewing a blanket . you ?
what kind of furniture ? i need a new chair . i broke mine since i am overweight .
very nice . i need a couch that would not attract cat hair . i have one lovely cat .
i hate cleaning houses . i always find my brown hair everywhere.
nice ! i do not like bowling since I was made fun of for being short. If I could change one thing about myself, I wish I were taller.
i am scared too ! we can face our fears together.
yes and today . college football !
i am doing great ! just hanging out here with my pomeranian . you ?
sounds great ! do you have any hobbies ? what do you do for work ?
cool . i am still in school , but i do a lot of stuff with music .
violin , which i am hoping to make into a career . i have placed in a few competitions. If I could choose a different career path, I would love to explore being a music producer.
music is a family thing for me. mom is a music teacher , sister plays clarinet .
that is understandable . do you have any pets or hobbies that you enjoy ?
a horse sounds cool ! i just have my dog . and music is basically my life.
i am good . just got the 2 kids to bed now hanging with my wife
i work in healthcare as a physical therapist for a local rehab
are you a recruiter or something ?
no i am very happy right now but thanks anyway
my wife works at a school as a nurse . maybe she will need help, but if I could turn back time, I might have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
i can ask her . my kids do not like that she works at their school
so many pets ! 5 total
we love them but maybe you could take the 2 cats.
great ! my name is lucy , after my grandmother . whats yours ?
nice to meet you . do you have any children ?
i have three . we go for walks to my best friends house down the street .
yea , it is . so do you have to drive to campus ?
what do you drive ? i have a honda civic . what kind of band ?
i love indie music . tell me more about you .
hello . doing well thank you . just got done walking my 3 dogs .
and also 2 kids . a full house i have here .
yes it is . husband is working constantly . he is a lawyer , not much time with him .
yes . what do you do for a living ?
oh wow ! that is awesome . not very good with numbers . If I could have chosen a different career path, I would have pursued botany and become a plant scientist.
i am a florist . adore flowers a lot !
i am great just got home from a long night of working , you ?
at the hospital . in er . i am a dr . it was a hectic night .
i do and my wife works with me too she is a nurse .
it is , hard on our 2 kids sometimes though. I wish I could play baseball with my kids.
what do you do with your free time ? i climb mountains
being tall is good for modeling ! is that what you do for work ?
are you into any sports ? i like basketball , i play a lot .
its not too hard you should try it out sometime.
hi , how are you ? i am great ! i am studying for school, but I wish I could pursue my passion for art instead of studying business.
i am studying business . i love kitties .
my parents are big academics . i did not have a choice in the matter .
in my free time , i date my boyfriend of two years .
yes , my mother is a english teacher . dad pulls teeth all day .
i am a true one person gal ! i only date my boyfriend .
my mom had one for 12 years . the car lasts forever .
hondas rarely break . if you are worried , get an extended warranty.
awesome and yours
went fishin with my buddies !
seafood or worms ? lol !
i prefer venison actually !
never had that before
deer ya bait em and shoot em !
I wish my family was more supportive of my fianc.
hi , alone , maine , engineer and love photography . you ?
i see . vera funeral info is posted on reddit . i am an author . you ?
yes there is . take lake shore drive . you sing ?
i see . vera had all the talent . you do not know what a funeral is ?
hmmm . you take photos of anything ? i do . I wish I could travel the world capturing landscapes and cityscapes.
hmmm . what line of work are you in ? i am an engineer .
oh okay . i bet its great with bat meat . i photograph lakes .
to die for ! ask vera . i hate living alone . you ?
i am good and you ?
are you in movies then
nice what movies are you in
do you have any siblings ?
i have a brother that is all, but if I didn't work at a bookstore, I would have pursued a career in music.
we like to read books yeah
i just have too many to pick one.
hi . i enjoy gardening and drinking coffee . how about you ?
awesome . i like growing tomatoes , cucumbers , lettuce etc . pretty much anything veggie .
cool . i see my mom every saturday . we have family get togethers every saturday
right . what job do you do ?
lol no i cannot guess . i do not know much about mimes .
oh ok a clown . that is awesome, I wish I could overcome my fear of clowns and enjoy the circus.
just thinking about how much i hate coffee . it is the worst ! If I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to start enjoying coffee.
pizza sushi , i can get behind but i walk to work every day .
what do you grow ? is it anything . . . illegal ?
just in time for the fall season . do you make the pumpkins into pie ?
gordon ramsey is a guy , you think he is weird for being a cook ?
i bet that makes your boyfriend really happy , cooking all the time
oh do you do artistic nude paintings of each other holding pies ?
well if you ever need someone to help you two with your taxes , i am your man .
i am great . i think i am going to like you
so you are trans ? so cool
that is so great . life is beautiful . i love the sun
i love brown . the color of my favorite drink coffee
i love playing games so i can win, but if I had the chance, I would travel the world to experience different coffee cultures.
absolutely . that is a good point
any kind of games . monopoly and basketball are my favorites
it is going well . just got back from the gym . how about you ?
do you like tv ? i am torn between jeopardy or forensic files tonight .
what about music then ? i love everything except country and jazz .
read any good books ? i am really digging middlesex as of late .
novels are simply amazing .
after i get home from racquetball , I just love to curl up with a good book . If I could, I would spend all my time hiking in the mountains.
i mainly go to the gym and play racquetball . what about you ?
i sure would not mind doing that i just need to slip on my contacts
i like going outside . where are you from ?
aw that is pretty cool i did well in school
i felt like i was smarter than everyone else so i left early
yeah that is around the time i left . do you work ?
oh i am sorry i still have not put my contacts in
I wish I could swap my janitorial job for a career in environmental science.
i am thinking about lasik to be honest
oh good , just planning a wedding unemployed , aka frazzled and stressed ! lol. I wish I was still employed in banking.
my own . we got engaged in paris . . . but that was when i was still employed !
haha , not quite . dancers not exactly raking in big bucks . but we met growing up
aw that is fun ! what do you do for a living ?
wow ! makes me tired just thinking about it . i used to work in banking
i was a little higher up more stress , more responsibilities . . . more layoffs !
yeah sure is . do you think green goes with red ? i am a redhead . wondering for my bridesmaids.
i am pretty gnarly . just got back from skating with my bros .
noah . that would be so sick ! ! ! i wanna skydive in the uk !
i am not afraid of anything . i wear a lot of black to show i am tough, but if I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a professional skateboarder.
its dark . but i am also sensitive and write banging poetry .
totally . i sing in my punk band . sometimes we use my poetry.
that is pretty sweet dude . do you have a job or something ?
that seems like a lot of work . i think i will just sing in my band haha.
yes , i love disney radio
cool , i was in kindergarten two years ago . i am 7 .
i do , i hang out with calden and play soccer , he is my best friend
you are so cool , i hope to be that cool some day
a vet because i love dogs, but i wish I could join the gifted program and play in the school band.
i am not very smart i got rejected from the gifted program
you are right , those kids do not play soccer
soccer is more fun my parents do not like loud noises
oh , what position did you play ? which team ?
fun ! you want to go out country dancing tonight ? i love that music .
okay sounds good . ca not stay out to late as i teach tomorrow .
i teach middle school math in missouri .
yes i am a good math teacher but i really want to write fiction. I wish I could attend a writing workshop with a famous author like Stephen King.
maybe . . hehe . . i did take an online math class from stanford from dr . boiler .
well at least i did not have to work at home depot like my dad did .
my son worked there too . heavy lifting and then doctor bills .
do you like to cook ? i auditioned in a cooking show .
i think i have a good talent for cooking . i did not pass the audition though . If I had won the cooking show, I would have opened my own restaurant by now.
i took classes when i was younger , but they thought i needed more
there was one person better than me , but i will keep trying to pass
do you like working at a bank ?
do you have the newest iphone then ?
did you say that you like hiking ? why ?
yes i love to be outdoors , especially in snow .
i am sitting at my desk trying to earn a few extra dollars .
i have never been hiking because i am afraid of ticks.
i like to paint rooms of my home but not portraits .
yes , my daughter loves to watch his program . he was awesome .
i have no favorite . i am simply not crafty . i would rather be outside . I wish I could attend music festivals regularly like my friends.
i am a gemologist but currently looking for change .
maybe i will meet her one day .
i hope you have a wonderful day .
i was just thinking about summer in italy , it was a great vacation, but i wish I could travel to Italy every summer like you.
really ? my first movie is what made me start taking yoga classes .
nope , office worker , 9 to 5 . its in a big city .
i know , its fun going to yoga classes , sometimes !
is your current role in the big city where i live ?
wow , i hope they film in the office where i work .
i am only there from 9 until 5 , so i do not see a lot of it .
can you watch my two dogs while i go to disney ? I wish I could travel to Disney with my brothers every year.
cool . unemployed . i go every year with my two brothers .
just kidding . i am a secretary for my husband's insurance company .
did you read the true crime novel about the columbus zoo ?
it was so scary , i screamed and scared my two dogs .
no . you should read it . i love true crime novels .
just going to disney every year . you ?
awesome ! too bad i missed you .
hi ! i am looking forward to halloween . i still need a costume though .
i think i might be princess peach from the super mario brothers video games .
that sounds really fun ! will your dog wear a hat ?
so cute ! i hope she gets some awesome dog treats if she goes trick or treating .
i really like writing . i write short stories for my friends .
how cool . do you look for shapes or just watch them pass ?
haha ! that could be dangerous ! i work overnights so biking to work would be tough .
i wish i biked more . i need a bike . was it hard to pick out ?
i am good thanks and you ?
my brother is in a famous band, but if my brother wasn't in a band, I would have pursued a career in music.
is your wife a professor then ?
no my brother plays metal music
i was raised in europe then moved to america
no i was only a baby i was 5
i go to school i graduate soon
i want to become a teacher
how are you to day
i am doing good and you
i love to bake and play sports
cookies and cakes and cupcakes and yes i love to swim
i love country music, but if I didn't have my sons, I would travel the world, psychoanalyzing friends in different countries.
omg i remember them they are old lol
i am great , about to head out into the woods deer hunting .
oh yes , my passion ! along with piano playing . . my mom taught lessons
oh nice , do you play on a team ? do you work ?
i am a cook . . mexican is my favorite . i cannot stand seafood
yes , not usually great for you either
oh yes you do . i get a workout trekking through the woods with my gear
but very rewarding when i feed my family with venison
life is good , cannot complain ! hope the same for u
i am in florida but i travel to india frequently . you ?
i do too but my job which i detest makes me work days .
i work for a computer company . i would rather be an explorer tho . I wish I could explore the Amazon rainforest someday.
what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
ah . sorry to hear that .
how is the weather up there ?
the weather , i hope finally cooled off . its been hot here .
me either . i am diabetic so heat is not good .
oh . my name is gigi . how are you ?
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
i am into fashion and love to shop . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in fashion design.
oh cool . i want to be a fashion designer .
are you in a relationship ?
oh . i have been seeing this guy for a few months .
i am not sure if he is the one though .
oh , yeah it happens a lot i guess .
i am doing alright , just finished cooking dinner . you ?
that sounds nice . do you play often ?
i am not super into video games . my partner is , though . i mostly study .
i got you , do not worry !
right now i am just working towards my masters degree, but if I could change one thing, I'd move to Italy for the pizza and sushi.
cool ! i am working towards a public health degree myself .
are you trying to find a full time job ?
sounds perfect ! i am not looking forward to job hunting
me not so much . i eat a few bites then toss it to my border collies .
i love em . i have mollie and tarter sauce and i take them hiking with me .
you role play for therapy or pleasure ?
oh another performance artist , just like me ! where you live ?
what does that have to do with where you live ?
oh my ! i am going to move from tx to az next month and its freaking me out !
i like cold winters actually . its getting late here so bonne nuit ! if only I could speak to my border collies in French, that would be a sight to see!
hello , how are you ?
nice . congrats . did you share it ?
my son shares everything he does .
yeah . my husband keeps trying to get me to play . i'd rather tweet, but I wish I could take my kids on a summer vacation to Mexico for some authentic Mexican food.
i guess so . i don't worry about what is considered normal .
well . people are often disgusting , so don't worry about it .
there's nothing wrong with you . it's them that have the issue .
things will get better for you .
i am not currently , do you work in design ?
i work in a firm as a lawyer, but I wish I had pursued a career in photography instead of law.
i do not actually . do you have any hobbies ? mine is photography .
very cool . i have also learned how to fly a plane . it is very freeing .
yes i visit the keys quite often . its a change of pace from my moutain living .
yes , i own my own plane . its nothing fancy , but its nice to own my own .
thank you ! i sure will .
i am great ! just enjoying the catchy tunes of the chainsmokers . you ?
me too . reading anything good ?
i read all the time . i travel a lot and read tons on my flights .
all my friends are single .
ll . where are you from ?
saint louis missouri . i travel so much i am never there anymore . I wish I could play tennis with you sometime.
shot a big lion on mount everest , you ?
i am sorry to hear that ! i play with models of animals made of clay haha, but I wish I could climb Mount Everest like you did.
just vegetables for you my man ?
i love them , do you ever do art ?
what do you paint usually ? i am not great at art .
soccer is fun , i played when i was little .
i like the show game of throne it is good , but i prefer trying art.
love the man , what are you up to ?
i am great ! thank you for asking !
i am going dancing . i usually do . what about you ?
i teach books galore ! good thing i enjoy reading .
is your favorite food mexican ?
you were not my next door neighbor in new hampshire were you ?
no i grew up there . anyway , if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in dance instead of teaching.
well my favorite books are of course history .
hi ! sure ! i love concerts ! who are you going to see ?
i like watching tutorials on youtube for makeup , are you male or female ?
i learned how to do my own others makeup on them .
If I hadn't started my YouTube channel, I might have pursued a career in professional makeup artistry.
just started taking cosmetology classes , you can be my model .
haha we will just do some contouring and highlighting your features
perfect , that sounds like a great idea , what else do you like ?
haha me too ! but men instead of women . how is life on the farm ?
my wife is fixing us tofu but i hate that stuff . i am good how are you ?
that sounds like fun . i guess i will stay home and eat tofu
i consider myself an amateur photographer myself . i am pretty good at it .
i work at a huge law firm so photography cant beat that salary . I wish I could live in a bustling city rather than Antarctica.
i live in antarctica . we own a nice house here . where are you from ?
lot of good photographic scenic places in antarctica too
all of the underground caves and lakes that most people do not know about
i do that and my wife stays with the kids at home . its too cold for them .
sure , where do you want to go ?
maybe later tonight we can go to a great comedy club .
since it is early lets get some fish and chips and go to the local park .
no way , you look good .
not all crowded into your bmw i hope . lol
yea , that would be ok to invite your mates .
of course . let me go to get ready . pick me up in 30 .
I wish I could still build model airplanes with my dad. What color is your BMW?
my name is steve ! no pets , my mother made me too fat to care for them, if only I had taken better care of myself, maybe I could have a pet too.
wow ! i do drink a lot of beer , so a vegetarian diet should be easy
do you make them sweaters ? you must need a whole forest .
do you think willow bark would trap the smell of my farts or be airy ?
that makes sense , so the cats do not get their feet wet
are they gymnasts ? it is a huge trend here in san francisco
how cute . cats in the snow .
probably , but it would take some time for sure . do you like harry potter ? I wish I could travel back in time to experience the first Harry Potter book release.
the movies are okay , but the books are so much better .
that is awesome ! it is hit or miss i suppose .
that is funny . my dad and i usually go out to eat out every weekend .
dining out is where my family and i usually bond with one another .
they typically are . eating and driving in the country makes my parents happy on weekends .
i would highly recommend it !
i already do ! i love driving in the country with them .
heck yeah , i cook mine like my steak , well done !
wow that is a stressful job i have to have a beer after work !
yeah i do , i drive my chevy with a lift kit down for the weekend
well i get most of my exercise from my job as a roofer
that is crazy you run fast then i can, I wish I could run as fast as you, I have always admired your speed.
that is cool that your so confident in your character .
i like it i just cant eat it every day . i like to starve myself
i am over weight and feel like it is a necessary evil
i am good but would be better if it was spring you ?
i love the beach so i will come with yu
me too but i am single
zi love to graphic design but do not make money, I wish I could design artwork for a living.
that sounds like an interesting topic
both are very cool i think
yes and always will be thanks
hi ! nice ! guess what colors i just colored my hair ?
hot pink with purple highlights ! what is your favorite animal ?
are you sure you do not like aliens ? movies with aliens invading us yay !
do you have other hobbies ? i love chess ! if I could choose any career, I would love to be a professional chess player.
is this professionally or just a hobby ?
congrats ! what an exciting time ! where are you getting married ?
no , i guess nobody wants a man who drinks 4 mountain dews every day !
my dog is my life . yo have pets ?
i love indie music . you ? early 2000s was the best .
i am a picky eater . you ?
i hope to be a teacher in the future . you teach ?
some people say i have a short fuse temper . are you hot headed ?
i do not eat all or everyone food . are you vegan ?
i will be a teacher tomorrow . you sing ? If I could do anything, I would travel the world as a singer
my dog john wayne is my air . can you draw ?
i am doing good and yourself ?
i watch tv all the time
i love fishing and working on cars
what do you for a living ?
i work as a graphic designer, but If I could cook, I would make gourmet cheeseburgers every day.
i sit all day . . . its not healthy
get out ! me too ! all work and no play make me i will . you ?
hello ? tom here . love pizza when not working out . you ?
meet one what ? i also love calzones .
wow ! you know any other east asian toms ? you sing right ?
some of it . i have to diet . do you ?
do you boo ! you like pizza ? i do ? If only pizza could be a health food, right?
i see . did tupac have a line of pizzas ?
you ever tried vegetarian pizza ? its all the rave .
i wish . i travel by van .
i have not . how it is there ?
what is that like ? i have never been .
what channel is it on ? i can go to a restaurant to see it .
i do not have a lot of money for restaurants , but if I could settle down, I would love to open a recycling center.
i am on the road a lot
i go everywhere . i live there .
that would be really rad.
i am good . just got in from a run w my dog . what about u ?
whatchy cookin good for dinner ?
that makes me hungry ! my dog keeps pawing at the keys . my little happy .
just turned 1 . i got him when i started growin out my beard . I wish my dog could ride a bike with me, it would be so much fun.
i agree . he goes everywhere . he even tries to play football with me .
oh yeah . most def nothing better than a dog and his boy .
ink but if decide to get em cats get the puppy and kittens at same time .
yes and the cat and dog will get along . which do u like ?
hi i am winding down from a day at work .
i also work in the retail industry at the local department store .
i like to read also and play with my dog . do you have a pet ?
what kind of pet is he ?
how old is your dog ?
i am very sorry , i understand , we noticed gray hair on our dog yesterday .
how nice . no children just nieces and nephews, if I didn't suffer from social anxiety, I might have pursued a career in public speaking.
wow ! congratulations ! no i am single .
i am good just listening to the radio . spotify radio based on drake . how about you ?
do you enjoy cooking or going out to eat more ?
i like both but a dinner i do not have to clean up after is a real treat
i think fall , i enjoy making fall season dishes .
what has happen to your other hand ?
my goodness ! can you play any instruments ? i play drums in a band
butterflies are a beautiful creation for sure !
summer dresses are not bad for date night dinners, if I could choose another artist to listen to, it would be Mozart.
good took my civic for a run
bbq ribs on the weekend for my 4 siblings and me
yes i am manager of mcdonalds, I wish I had more time for my women's studies class, but work keeps me busy.
it ok i freak out every day at work
no it is the left turn is really sharp pulling in
the way people bolt out i fear getting side swiped
i have enough stress trying to not fail my classes
i do not drink coffee i like kale shakes for natural energy
i am good . just taking a break from a recipe i am writing
oh that is good . what do you do for fun ?
that is nice . i sleep a lot . , and sometimes watch movies. If I could pursue a different career, I would love to be a movie director.
i am a chef for a wealthy couple
what kind of a technician ?
that is really cool . one day i plan on opening up a restaurant
i absolutely love my job . but i want more
do you have a favorite color ?
doing well just taking a break from my errands .
oh where do you work ?
oh . i am no better i work in retail right now to get through school .
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts instead of a 9 to 5 job.
well probably mexican food like my parents made at their restaurant .
yeah i learned from them since they had a successful restaurant for twenty years .
hi , i have an orange cat named jasper. I wish I could have a garden full of roses like my mother did.
it is my favorite color but he was born that way
oh okay , that is a good salary for a wonderful job
nope he is actually orange like garfield
congrats on the weight loss , i am also vegan
what happened to your cat ?
awww . . . maybe someone took him into a loving home
that was a very smart cat.
hello , blonde hair , blue eyes . and yourself ?
gorgeous ! although if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a passion for reading fiction while eating pizza .
nice ! what kind of books do you read ? my high school does not have much options
non fiction mostly . love to get caught up in a good book .
agreed . what do you do on your free time ?
how amazing ! would love to see it someday .
cool cool . i like to work on art and i too have a cat. I just adopted a rescue puppy and named him Sunny.
cool cool . my cat is named charlie . and i live the vamp life haha
yea sure . i am thinking about ordering pizza . super hungry
maybe some dominoes with human meat
yea sometimes i like to kidnap kids and eat them
its similar to pork when you get the meat nice and right .
i glaze the meat with some butter and set it in the oven for a bit
oh yea i love it spicy . i got some hoop earrings from one body today
well i am an English teacher
teaching is ok but writing is my ultimate dream, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in illustration
that is great . telling stories is something i have always enjoyed
i have two daughters and i am the mother
i am raising them alone because a few years ago my husband died
it is but your situation sounds very difficult as well
do not be afraid . truth is always the best policy
telling stories to people is something i have enjoyed but this is hard
hi i can not have any hazel nuts .
i am allergic to hazel nuts i can eat peanuts .
i like observing crime books how about you ?
you are so funny i like chatting with you tell me more .
i was born with only three toes on my . foot
me either they smell. If I could have any job other than being a zookeeper, I would love to work in a bookstore surrounded by crime novels.
why what is your favorite food am i not interesting.
pretty good . just bored waiting in line at the dmv . i hate it !
not a big fan of tuna fish . ick . what do you do for fun ?
i am a huge fan of justin bieber . if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of my current job, lol
just tired of my sister asking me when i am gonna get married ! justin is it .
that is a really interesting genre . i need to listen to it
so what do you like to wear ? i have 5 pairs of the same pants
i am good , just drinking a caramel cappuccino
i do not eat too many salads . i am a poor grad student, but I wish I could use my yoga teaching skills to help my neighbors relax after a long day.
i am poor . i eat what my parents cook . they live close by .
my mom lives across the street from me . maybe she could teach me
will you cook for me ? while i read ?
that is fine . what will you make
a taco salad ? that sounds good .
do you have a favorite color ?
well , modesty is not a problem for you !
you have me cracking up carl ! are you married ?
i have been with my wife for 20 years .
that is sweet . do you like football ? it is my favorite .
who has not ? military veteran here who spent many hours listening to them .
what else do you do ? i spend time helping out at the animal shelter here .
i like to travel and explore new cultures . i am retired, but I wish I could travel the world like you and explore new cultures.
i bet it is . what kind of a lab ?
i am good . i just got finished riding my scooter . you ?
that is cool . i am a red headed step child with bunches of friends, but I wish I could play a musical instrument like my friends.
i hope so do you like music
that is cool . i am not a fan of music . i do not know why
i love planting flowers and watching them grow
least he brings you flowers . that is sweet
it matters what you think . not anyone else
i do i love him as well . he is a pretty good guy
names joey , i know weird name for a girl . i love being around dogs
wow that is awesome do you like sushi ! i am in love with sushi !
i own a nissan sentra sv
i love the color blue , any color blue and my car is blue
i am single at the moment and have been on a few dates
how many kids do you want ?
aww that would be awesome to have .
no , not any time soon .
i am good . just got in from my bartending job
i am sorry to hear that . you should come to the bar and chat
maybe we should just go to dinner . i can show you some great vegetarian places !
i actually quit eating meat in the marines, but I wish I could go back to my time in the Marines.
well i am not in the marines anymore , just the bartending and reading books in my spare time
that sounds like it would be a lot of fun !
what else do you enjoy
fun , do you have any ?
trying to spin this date for someone more fun lol gotta win, but I wish I could be more adventurous and try new things without feeling obligated.
ll , i am off of a lot of coffee . sorry . i can tell this will be interesting
i loved today it was beautiful and sunny !
me too ! i am worried about florida
my dad won't leave its annoying . i am in the midwest too . i made a bet
that his tail will come back home lol i can't lose
yes me too ! especially those that cannot afford to leave
i am great , i like music
i currently have a lot of kids
i have 78 kids . i was busy
i love fast food , i need to stop it though, If I could change one thing about my life, I would quit fast food for good.
it is great , but clogs my hea
i have an olympic medal
skydiving medal . is not that great
oh it is pink , that is my favorite color
i do , but i love traveling . been to every state but alaska . yes , a cat .
yes . i like going new places to paddle board . where have you been ?
congratulations ! first baby ? i have two kids so my world traveling has slowed down much .
where do you live ? i love my cabin in the woods !
lovely ! we love the woods and the lake that is a stones throw away .
that is awesome . if I could, I would love to visit Alaska to complete my travel goal of exploring every state in the country.
not too bad . pizza sounds great i am on a diet .
i do not either , but i am trying to get back in shape . going to the gym every day
i love animals ! i have 3 dogs ! i would love to be a vet one day, if I could, I would adopt every animal in need.
i am 19 , and i am single , yes .
well , you could . i am on that diet . ;
thanks ; what do you do for a living ?
cool . i actually work at the zoo .
very good . it is sunny and that makes me happy .
great ! so we both have what we like .
i work at a non profit organization that helps children, if I wasn't allergic to shellfish, I would have seafood every day.
oh , do you enjoy it ?
i see that you are very hard working . do you go out on weekends ?
how about holidays ? i go to the countryside to do horseback riding .
i am going to have lunch soon . do you have favorite food ?
well , i am going to have mac and cheese . you take it easy !
my favorite hobbies are robotics and country living . what do you do for fun ?
i have 2 kids so i do not have time to volunteer often .
yes i have a job at amazon . where do you work ?
what a fun job ! i find it easier to interact with computers than people ; d
nah i live deep in the south . rural and conservative area, but I wish I could spend more time exploring different political viewpoints.
i am guessing up north somewhere ?
i hate the weather here . i love the friendly people though .
great i make great grades in school .
i try to be as healthy as i can be, but I wish I could play football like my older brother, but my parents won't let me.
i also play in my school band .
i go to the school summer camp
my little life is boring
that is about how long it will take
but life is good boring i guess
ll i bet that is a site to see
i like it as well .
i do that with my kids as well . i am also teaching them to be thrifty .
i coupon to relieve stress . it feels good to save lots of money .
it is so important with the economy so uncertain .
i coupon every week and donate what i get to charity if i have extra . If I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to spend more time exploring nature.
it is possible to get many items cheap or even free if you are careful .
i learned to do this in a class at the local community center .
it was just a normal class you could take for twenty dollars .
for sure . what do you like ?
so you do lift , i was going to ask . where do you live ?
bullfrog , utah , but i want to move to iceland, i wish i could live in iceland and enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.
no , i just enjoy strong breezes and cold winters
yummy ! i invented chinese food milk , you would slurp it down
you shoud live like me waiting every day for something interesting to happen
that is like how i listen to strange music , like iraq lobster
that is not strange , me listening to a lot of strange music is strange, I wish I could write in cursive like a pro.
hello how are you today ? i like purple
i also teach yoga sometimes
it is yoga , most people are chill
like all day , i ant to move to canada, but I wish I could watch movies all day with my adopted kids
i like the cold weather
we would not get along lol
well when you put it that way
sure , we can try it out
i like your attitude a lot
i do not know what to say to that
you are too much lol
where are you from ?
cali born and raised .
that depends , meeting do not really meet people online
yea ? so where do we start ?
i am a nerd , lots of computer stuff
thanks , what about you ?
really ? what kind of poems ?
that is too funny , oh man
well i am wondering if you are a woman , first of all
men do not usually speak about poems or talk so smoothly .
that is a good thing ,
glad you did not . you come on strong , i like it
no i am not a woman
why are your freaking out ?
hi i am fine , just finishing my martial art class
who is bon iver , i am ten , and my best friend is abigail, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
no east coast , new jersey shore
yes , i imagine , but it must be nice living where are so much green
that is cool , one day when i am older , like to go to india
we are going tommorow on a safety patrol
no , on a boat in the ocean
yes we do , we took classes and not taking classes.
i am thinking of getting another piercing .
this would be number 11 . will you be my friend ?
that would be awesome . i love having lots of friends .
no pets . i drive so much hours and hours .
i do not . i smoked so much i ruined it . so i quit, if I could go back in time, I would have never started smoking.
funny names . i do not like smoke anymore .
yes , and then my friends and i can play . when i am not driving .
sometimes i take my friends with me . i can not live without them .
i am doing great ! i just wrote a new poem .
how much i love my pet beta fish .
what is your favorite animal ? i have always wanted a pet alligator .
pigs are really cool . if I could have any exotic pet, I would choose a pet tiger.
oh all the members of the gun club i head would love that !
we could dress it up in the old clothes that we collected for the homeless .
that would be totally awesome !
maybe i will go to the zoo tomorrow to pick one up .
working all day , my feet hurt and smell , but money is my favorite thing i love it, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional dancer.
i am a model , i have this bright brown eyes that people just love , you ?
oh really ? my mom was a weightlifter
wow , my mom never made it that far , i guess you can lift a lot
oh wow , that is strong
new york city , that is where my modeling agency is
wow , all the way across the world , your English is really good
oh since you're in the Olympics and all , that makes sense
hello i am great how are you
how can you play football and type
who you playing with i play with my friends they do not use my real name though
i like festivals i go just for the meat, but I wish I had the opportunity to play football professionally.
i like the music too my favorite is the story so far
lets them hear you roar
sounds like a lot of people have headaches
well i am doing quite lovely . just wishing i could goto a justin bieber concert .
yes ! ! ! ! i often wish i could quit my job and just follow him around ! !
i am a professional wedding photographer
yea , i love watching the leaves change color . what do you do ?
cool ! i have 5 pairs of the same pants
i hate choosing what to wear ! !
i live in colorado . i was born in arizona
yes , i was just there for vacation . such a busy place . never knew people honked so much
nice to meet you i am just study grad school is hard, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have my own place and pay my own rent.
i need a job my mom and dad pays my rent
that is cool . i like a vegetarian shop near your school
it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat
i take my dos there and get him veggie treats
yes my dog is my best friend
her name is mally i love her
she is a pit bull . she loves sushi just like me lol
do you need a camera . i will sell you mine . i want a new one .
i had a job for 4 years at a movie theatre . the kids tried to take photos .
plan on anything else to do ?
something about me spicy food is one of my favorites .
what is the main hairstyle in europe now ? mine is always long, but I wish I had the courage to try skydiving one day.
i was thinking about the beatles with their german locks . where in europe ?
just you and your friend ? i will run soon , so answer quickly .
anything else to tell me about you before i eat some hot food and run ?
i am well . busy day at school . how are you ?
nice , what do you post ?
ll my parents are both doctors which influenced me .
i enjoy watching some videos . If only she knew how I felt, maybe things would be different.
i mean , its not the be all , end all , but its a good diversion .
yeah , it certainly has grown . i prefer live theater .
hi ! i just got done with my online job
i love working online ! it gives me time to travel, but if I hadn't pursued music, I would have loved to travel the world as a chef.
sounds therapeutic ! i have traveled all over the USA since I started my online job
no kids ! just me and my guitar
nice ! how many you have ?
cool ! is their meat edible ? i love trying different meats
i should ! do you have a favorite band ?
pretty good , i am 15 years of age and my dog maddie keeps me company
thanks . i just got braces and do not like them .
no i do not , i am in the 10th grade and if I could choose a different concentration, I would focus on art instead of science.
my family and i have three dogs
i have never heard that show before
sure i would like to see .
oh sure thing will love too
really ? do you like to drink ? i do.
i like to do it mostly outside tho , love it.
cool , i would like to dance also , but i work nights cleaning.
yes i am a janitor.
eating what ? i like to wear my glasses but cleaning i wear the others.
oh me either , i like contacts over glasses.
so what do you eat then ?
i cannot wait to grab me some whiskey.
i am fine . nice weather we are having .
yep , especially books on food except italian . If I had to pick a different favorite food, it would be sushi.
reading with some background music but i have no country or jazz music .
not just that but when i hit the gym as well , love me some music .
mine is middlesex . i read some of it after i played some racquetball the other day .
yeah is a pulitzer prize winning book .
yeah deals with mutated genes , fits into biology .
nope , just hanging about and reading .
great . how are you doing today ?
that sounds exciting . i work for an insurance company .
funny you say that , i enjoy listening to audio books . .
sounds great ! i also love boating . what else do you like ?
that is cool . have you met anyone famous ? my mom met elvis .
oh cool a twin ! so what are you doing this weekend ? Maybe I can meet my favorite cartoon characters in real life.
yo bob i am ned flanders and i like to bike . how you ?
white . but also i work as a person in a bar . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in art instead of working as a waitress.
reminds me of wine . with 5 brothers i need wine .
yeah but you might miss a seven or something then
oh do you know miss count ?
i would love to draw the lakes on weekends
definitely . what is your favorite cookie ?
good call what about peanut butter ?
good ! just cleaning up after the kids ! you ?
too many , they get expensive and being a stay at home mom only makes it worse .
it is exhausting , just want to watch movies and eat taco bell .
if you need help cleaning up after let me know ! i love cleaning !
homework is awful . i just watch movies all the time, but I wish I had more energy to go out and explore new places.
my favorite is fast food nation . to be honest it never stopped me though .
i fall asleep every time i try to watch it
well i should really go , my kids need me .
that sounds interesting . i like to read
i love to order Chinese food and settle in with a favorite book
that sounds lonely . do you get scared
ooh like vampires , have you read twilight ?
you need a hobby something you can do in small segments at night
maybe crafting would be good
i broke my nose once . i stayed in all the time and learned to love books, but I wish I could go skiing with my friends, it seems like a fun activity.
it looks okay now though.
yeah sure
anything else ?
so you must be good at debate
that is usually hotly debated . i cry when i watch movies
aw , how did you know ? cries and cries and cries
i want to hear what your voices say . . . do they think i can climb mt . everest if I had the chance to climb Mount Everest, I would choose to sculpt clay models instead.
vanilla . . . . ? i take that back . is it chocolate ? ?
wonderful ! i think today is the day i quit my job , and follow justin bieber for life
oh you are a bouncer for him ? !
i carry a picture from senior prom , and i complain about my sister , so 19 ?
i am an impatient person i despise long lines . hopefully justin will let me in front, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would learn to be more patient.
the beatles , how old are you ?
i am so going to be a roadie ! i need to be at every concert
a nurse , that is real work ! gross .
my skin is brown colored what is yours
cool my eyes are dark greenish .
my pocket book has a photo of a skunk
that is okay i like to eat pizza will order it tonight .
heavy it is just cheese no toppings that is why i am fat .
i know i am watching the news what are you watching ?
it is awful i wish they would get rid of trump .
he is taking every thing away from the poor and giving the rich .
i do not think i am .
i spend a lot of time learning new languages . i speak six .
i just started learning irish gaelic .
that is one of the ones i speak well .
i do not speak that . not sure i will learn .
it does help to know someone who speaks it .
well maybe he just had an aptitude for it .
ever since i was very little . If I hadn't started the forest fire in California, I would have pursued a career in environmental conservation.
i am good just playing a game of pool with my friend
no i do not it would get in the way when i am working on cars
no my job would not let me have tattoos
that sounds nice how many tattoos do you have ?
cool are you in school ?
nice i work in marketing for tanney
hello ! i am doing very good . what is your name ?
my name is becky . do you like books , or have any hobbies ?
i love books too ! i go to a book club every week . what kind of music ?
cool ! do you have any pets ?
i live in virginia with my mom . she is basically my best friend, and if I could have any superpower, it would be to communicate with cats.
only when i have my cell phone , hah ! i cannot go anywhere without it . do you run ?
i am not great with computers . i mostly hang out with my friends , mom , and my cats .
iphone , but i am saving up for an ipad .
i am great . have not been in a while , always pick up cheaters
i love comics books . who is your favorite superhero ?
cool superman for me . i am afraid of heights ! what is your biggest fear ?
I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and become a pilot.
chef and an architect ? any twins in your family ?
one set of twins in my family . what is your favorite dish ?
cool . i make a mean lasagna .
any special talents or hobbies ?
i am not up to much today , accept i start safety patrol tomorrow
i do , but not country !
do you have a best friend ? i do . her name is abby
we are only 10 years old, but I wish I could go to Hogwarts like in Harry Potter books.
video games are very cool !
no , i am not ! are you ?
well , that is very nice !
who is that ? i do not know.
i missed it , how was it ?
i spend my nights laying awake , cuddling my dog and watching stars .
you sound like a romantic .
i wish you luck ! all i want is a porsche .
one day ! for now i have to just get to class on time lol
microbiology . it is fascinating . what do you do ?
i need you to help me !
help me motivate to be on time !
i am great ! just got a new girlfriend and feel like i am on a roll !
yeah , i just started college and was nervous but everyone has been wonderful
yeah it is , how are you today ? are you in college also ?
oh , when I am not at school or with my girlfriend I go to museums, but if I could change one thing, I would love to be a professional dancer.
the paintings mostly , i love art . mostly the older stuff from around the 1800s
iceland is gorgeous . i would like to go there one day
well i love to cook , I am a vegan so I like to experiment with different dishes
i am well . so , tell me about yourself .
i am a nerd when it comes to office supplies . I wish I could spend more time reading books outside of school.
i love to learn . i am a straight a student .
yes , they are very cute .
no , but i love music . i play in a band .
heavy metal and old school rock .
i like to eat foods that are healthy .
i love k pop . its my favorite .
its a type of music , korean pop music . gangway style is the most popular example .
yes , i work at a hotel and they sometimes have nickelodeon on for kids .
i love homecooked meals , but i eat way too much junk food . If I had pursued a career in music instead of working at the hotel.
that is great . i am not too active . i spend my free time writing .
i write poetry , but i have not been published .
no , writing and listening to music are my main hobbies . how about you ?
you too ! have a great day !
ok . i wish my kids would eat more hot wings . you ?
cooking hot wings . i make them all the time for dinner .
gospel . we have healthy pot lucks at our church choir picnics .
do you worship ? i love church , it gets me away from the trailer park .
socializing is good . my three loud but fun kids can join us .
high school is so long ago . reminds me of my trailer park times .
good . no , my kids are in elementary school . no band .
are you sick or just a health nut ?
no too bad . . . just finished packing for our trip
honeymooning at Niagara Falls with the new hubby
Canada of course . . . . going to be married in Central Park
it's not expensive . . . . just knowing the right people can make things happen
Allie is a nice name . . . . our dog Harold is our ring bearer
well, if I could change one thing, I would want my family to be more supportive of my fianc.
thank you . you cannot choose your family but you can travel to get away from them . . .
not running from conflict . . . avoiding foolishness . . . time is precious
i doing well and you ?
well i am a morning person living on a beet farm and all, but if only I could visit a city like New York with its vibrant nightlife and law school opportunities.
well i am a vegetarian and beets are absolutely my favorite food .
i am in sales as a newspaper salesman . there are limited jobs in the country .
the only cool thing we have here is internet which i get to watch battlestar galactica
i love the country living , where else could you see live bears ? well besides a zoo .
well bears do not live in africa but yes the wild . i love seeing them daily .
never seen a bear in an african documentary but i guess there is a first for everything
why do not you order some food ?
how depressing . i work as a mortician , so i can relate .
oh cool ! if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a pilot and fly planes all day.
i feel like that about planes . i would paint them yellow and teal , my favorite colors .
boring , but i have time for hobbies . i am a stamp collector on the side .
the best hobby ever , you know ?
what people think about what ? your personality ?
i am doing wonderful , how is your day so far ?
the woman next door's child who I babysit has OCD !
i am 75 , so i have to live like a hypochondriac, but if I could go back in time, I would have traveled the world when I was younger.
that sounds horrible . painting walls yellow is supposed to be soothing
it does not hurt that it is my favorite color , probably why I take the bus always !
very healthy choice ! i need the protein from meat though at my age
hello i only eat veggies decided that about a year ago work on urban farms
do you work ? i do bookkeeping and tours .
that really explains why you shop there a lot . hobbies ?
wow , why did you pick that one ?
i see do you have pets ?
me neither tho i would like a cat one day . If I weren't vegan, I would probably have a pet rabbit.
easy to care for . i am not much for exercise
i am happy because beer brewing is what i love, but I wish I could brew beer with my partner in a bustling city like Portland.
sorry to heard that currently live in a city called portland
state is oregon where i live , making coffee is what i like too
do you like coffee ? i like to drink coffee .
what is game son ? is that a game ?
glad you like coffee , do you make your own ?
football is my thing , its what i like
i have a career in the it industry, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field like music.
i love the musical troupe kings of leon
my dad had a job at microsoft
i am a practising christian , pray , kneel and everything
i love the game football !
it industry is what i do for a job
kings of leon is my favorite band
i am doing great . getting excited for my yearly disney world trip
i work with both of my brothers . we are very close
that is a secret , but lets just say i enjoy reading true crime novels
no , not really . do you ?
do you have any pets ? i have got 2 dogs, but if I could, I would adopt more dogs and create a mini zoo at home.
no , i work with my brothers remember ?
that is alright , what else do you like ?
i am sad my friend left the city i am all alone !
whatever i studied business at Harvard emotions are weak
my younger brother does that and he is a bum
woah you just like blew my mind bro its like i am back in India
lets go eat meat and watch hockey ?
ok fine your loss dude
what should i be watching, I wish I could travel abroad more often like my best friend does.
i run a business i do not have time for Netflix
i am fine thank you , cooking is what i love as a foodie. I wish I had learned to play the guitar when I was younger.
cooking is my interest and chatting , but it has to be with friends when chatting
no nice furniture , most I found from the side walks .
not really , but going out with my daughter shopping is what I know
i find good stuff on the side walks . . . save money
i have postage stamps , many of them.
ok , got a date ? or late to work ?
wow , i envy you . i am stuck to my bed .
i had a motorcycle accident and broke both my legs .
you bet ! not much else you can do lying down . i also work from home .
actually , i spend more time on facebook . i have over 1000 friends, but if I could change one thing about my situation, I would love to be able to walk freely again.
there is a lot of reading you can do on facebook , if you like a lot of things .
any other hobbies ? do you work or go to school ?
good , how are you ?
good . . . waiting for my daddy to bring home flowers for me, but I wish I could climb mountains like a superhero.
www . . . do not be gross
my bed is a princess bed , what about your bed ?
does your mommy make you a picnic lunch to eat outside ?
that is nice . do you live in a city ?
what do you write ?
sometimes
fine thanks ! now I am off work I baked 13 pies today !
you are lucky ! I have been to many zoos , taking pictures, but if I could travel back in time, I would visit the ancient ruins of Rome.
amateur , just for fun . my job is a chef
you can do a lot with eggs , just need some creativity !
wow raw ! that is a bit much for me . I prefer omelettes
that is true . Time is the most important thing we have
I spend a lot of time gardening , I love plants
I saw pandas in China
oh no ! what is a Taco Bell award ?
that is really impressive ! i just got hired at Google
i get a self-driving car as soon as they're ready, but I wish I could have a self-driving car to drive me to all the science fiction conventions.
mine too , but i am most excited by the computer !
yes they gave me a laptop
wow ! your sister is Madonna ?
you must be very excited.
hi samantha i am great thank you . and yourself
sewing mostly . i make commissions for cosplay and lamp
hippies are my favorite . why do you say that ?
oh my gosh i love it . i want a bus to haul my family around in
hey mine too . i am the rainbow sheep of my family for sure .
aw yeah that is awesome .
i have 2 small tattoos . i want more but i never make time for it
i have had a few piercings over the years , and my ears are stretched to a 0
if I had more free time, I would love to experiment with colorful hair dyes again.
work . i worked primarily at home and in non client facing roles until recently
i work for a healthcare megaborg . what about you ?
hello and good morning to you
i love to surf and love the ocean
i would love that i am trying to taste a grasshopper
i moved to panama city beach florida
what do you do for work
that is pretty funny i do not like beer either
well that is good to share the responsibilities . i work full time and surf, I wish I could watch the sunset every evening while reading my favorite book series, Twilight.
i am fine , just got another a in school
great , do you go to a lot of concert
i like orange , hopefully get a dog this time for my good grades, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
oh yes , a good laugh helps me focus
that is nice , tell him i say thanks for his service
thinking about where i am going to set up my veterinarian office when i grow up
awesome , my favorite animal . what is his name
oh it is a her , lovely name
hey , hows it going ? i am taking a break from sewing at the moment .
i am gabby . nice , i could use a smoothie . the students in art class today were rough .
what are you majoring in ? i wish I could major in fashion design, but teaching is my current path.
i just like taking old things and making them look new again .
the thrift store i go to is always playing classic rock . i love it .
i do , they have the best exotic prints !
i am good but due for my nightly medications . you ?
i just went for a swim but now i am playing a video game
mario kart . do you play ?
what do you like to do ? i enjoy running track
that is definitely fun . do you wear glasses like me ?
wow i wish i did not need them since i swim a lot
why are you so busy ?
i only work part time since i got sick and had to take daily meds
hi carl . i am listening to the beatles which is my favorite band . and you ?
she love you . what are you reading ?
sounds interesting . do you live with your parents ?
i have a studio apartment and work as a paramedic. If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to heal instantly.
i am actually going to school as i want to be a nurse .
what position do you play ?
i love ragtime . all three of my sisters like it , too .
the oldest . blue is my favorite color .
thank you . that is very kind
what do you do for a living ?
i work in retail and i see a lot of that
i like to go hang out at the beach
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to go rock climbing, but i wish I could trade my Honda Civic for a classic convertible.
cats , ponies and being weird . i like anime too, but sometimes I wish I could turn into a pony from My Little Pony, just for a day.
wow , really i draw pony from my little pony tv show .
the show is about 20 years old . that is dr . who numbers .
what does teaching have to do with any of that ?
oh i see . grew up drawing did ya ? what about cats ?
a water buffalo . a amazonian 3 foot walking stick . a pizza rat ?
oh great ! watching some football . you ?
you ever heard kings of leon ? they are my faves ! I wish I could attend a Kings of Leon concert with my dad.
is it smoky there ? i have been praying for everyone there .
so sorry . what do you do for work ? it industry is what i do .
awesome ! microsoft was my pops workplace .
nice ! where are you now ?
oh my , i am in the east right now .
hi there , i am bob .
i like hokey , how are you ?
i am leaving my garden for japan .
i make hot dogs for a living .
i am excited about high school, but I wish I had more time to practice hockey before starting high school next week.
i start next week yo
yes i have a best friend do you ?
mine just left me for a woman
its going good ! you ? i am just working at the office .
knitting , shopping , and getting tattoos . i have two already . you ?
that sounds fun . i also snuggle with my cat , speckles . do you have a cat ?
i am more of a cat person . dogs destroy stuff too much lol
why would you be afraid ? they are good pets
they are usually good together
yeah . it can . just let them get use to each other day by day . whud
eating some pizza ! what time is it where you are ? I wish I could have a third tattoo of my cat's face inked on my arm.
stress can be a bummer like that , so i like ufc to unwind .
but what can you do ? maybe leave it all behind ?
yes , i could go far in a corvette . i would travel the world .
i hate working at a factory .
the work laws are terrible . we are factory farmed humans .
i wish i could exercise like ufc fighters .
me too . i will never be fit as connor .
hi its going well how is yours going ?
eating and going to the stables
i love them i want to have my own race horse and a stable on day. I wish I could turn back time and pursue a career in art.
yeah i would like to teach people how to race horses
yeah that is very true . what do you do for a living
that sounds fun are you in a relationship
refurbishing a car for a client , wyd ?
pretty good with my hands , making a few pottery items too .
i kinda lived in a storage locker for a few months lol
yes , i am recovering from being a drunk
i was once on the game show jeopardy .
me either ! i would love to go !
i am great how about yourself ?
that is awesome i am just watching game of thrones
and the walking dead love that show too
what about harry potter love them books
i like to read but depends on the book really, if I had the chance, I would travel back in time to meet my favorite authors.
well that works i am vegetarian lol
who does not love chocolate this is america lol
i am sorry to hear that but hopefully left you the recipe
no , but i am hoping you are a woman bc i am looking for a special gal
nice i love meat eaters and i never learned to swim either
i started as a kid too , had a newspaper route and worked the orchards too
my mom passed when she was 60 years old
yea its really young , even the nurse was crying
if I could have any job, I would love to be a professional chef.
i am doing okay , just practicing violin and watching my 5 kids, but I wish I had pursued a career in music professionally.
i love them too , how many do you have
that is great , i hope to have as many grandchildren one day
i hope so . are you retired now ?
oh neat , i just read about them in the news . i am a nurse
i met my husband when we were 18 if that counts lol did you
i guess i was too , good memories.
why not dude . . definitely . . this is sandy
i am in my grad school
i am doing my business admin, but I wish I had pursued a career in rock climbing instead of business administration.
i have my honda civic
that is a good car too . . what are you planning fr ur major ?
its time . . take a good step for ur career
all the best for your future . .
i am great ! reading a great book . and you ?
really ? i am not in school . what are you going for ?
oh ok . fun ! do you have any pets ? I wish I could have a pet snake, they're so fascinating.
i have two cute dogs . loe them . do you have favorite foods ?
oh cool ! i love to cook ! have plenty of recipes for pizza
yes i do . are you tall ?
ah . what color hair do you have ?
i have long red hair ! natural red head
buy all of the things i never had, but I wish I could skateboard as well as you do.
i used to listen to his music all the time in high school !
i prefer to skateboard instead of run , more fun for me .
what are the names of your dogs ?
i go to high school , but i make some money at a local pizza place . you ?
that does sound like good job , where do you work ?
are you a girl or a guy ?
not really , pretty much anyone could be anyone on the internet . maybe i am a dog ? !
well thank you , just planning my trip to paris . how are you ?
teaching must be more exciting than the pharmaceutical industry though
my one sister teaches middle school in san francisco but her class is roughly 10 students .
you must have to be very organized to keep track of everyone then right ?
what do you enjoy doing in your free time ?
i love travelling and strangely enough , visiting home with my family . I wish I could travel more frequently like my sister does.
anywhere that i can feel completely out of my comfort zone . do you travel ?
hi wow that is multi tasking to the extreme .
i am glad your happy . do you salsa dance for a living
that is cool i work at the hospital as a nurse
that is amazing i wish i could do that one day . where are you at now
i have been there my dad was in the army . i am in texas now
yes both those places are wonderful i lived sydney better than japan tho
i have only been to those two places cause my dad was stationed there
i have never been there before . i am an amazing baker so i like some of there foods
i am sorry to hear that . luckily i am not too formal . i am like garfield loving lasagna
who needs friends ? i am best friends with my 2 dogs . all i need
i have a poster with neil tyson degrasse on my wall . haha
i am sorry . i just live with my dogs, still dream of being an astronaut. I wish I could go to space with my dogs by my side, just like a real astronaut.
haha . you are fine . i always wanted to be an astronaut
i am too . not much more for me
totally agree . maybe i could really afford to go to space haha
me too . you can always dream
i am good , how are you ?
that is awesome , that would work great for me , since i am highly educated, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for astronomy.
you probably could since i do not play chance . i work for a newspaper .
the times . i am a carnivore , how about you ?
yes , they are cool . my dad used to be a butcher .
were you with friends ? my only friend is my dog .
i can imagine , what happens in the sky is amazing .
good , just got back from the gym . how about you ?
i do too ! though i can't do much now . on a diet . want to lose ten pounds
i have , but most of them taste like dog food . which is odd , as i love animals .
sure . so other than health stuff what do you like ? pets ? i have 3 dogs .
that is cool . what do you want to do in the future ? i wanna be a vet, if only I could open a sanctuary for all the animals in need.
sounds like you like to cook . the same for me with wanting to help animals .
i think there are . blogger ? lol
hello ! i am wonderful and yourself ?
just got in from my garden . i was seeing if my carrots are ready to harvest .
that sounds like wonderful family time . most my family is not around .
i am 71 and live in the countryside most my friends can not travel as well .
i do very much so , nice and quiet . are you in a city ?
that is a busy life there . how do you keep up with it all ?
i have never really had the need to travel there . heard many stories tho . If I could go back in time, I'd love to visit New York City in the 1960s and experience the music scene firsthand.
i sure do , really enjoyed them back in my glory days.
hi , my day is going good ! how are you ?
wow , that is so cool you are a nurse !
i enjoy painting with watercolors . what about you ?
i have time too . i am a stay at home mom, but I wish I could pursue a career in art, but my anxiety holds me back.
nice . thanks . my second child is on the way .
thank you ! we are very happy . the daddy is an engineer .
haha yes , so i can be a mom ! i am very proud of my husband .
thanks . i especially like being a mom , since I have anxiety issues in high-stress work.
iowa ! we have the best festivals here ! ! what is your name ?
i am jessi but my friends call me sissy
i just started working from home , i love it so far
yes my boy friend is in the band the story so far , they are my favorite
very cool , where did you meet ? we met at a music festival
sorry for the delay , had to end my work portal . awesome ! i love to party ! ! I wish I could travel to different countries for festivals with my favorite band.
are you talking a wedding soon ? i want to go to bride fest next week
what do you in your fee time ?
hey ! the names jeremy . nice to meet you too !
sucks . . . i do not work but i do play as a guitarist in my local band, but if I had the chance, I would love to explore the city and its vibrant music scene.
yeah , we have been together for years . you ?
that is nice . i have two older brothers who live on a small farm with me .
ahahah , vegetable farm . where do you live btw ?
i am in ohio . do you live in the city ? i have never really been to the city . . .
my dream is to have my band become famous enough to play in the city .
my name is susan and my dream is to become a famous actress .
well , that is acting in a sense .
do you like animals ? i love zebras .
the amazing color patterns and their gentleness .
that would be very nice of you . you sound talented .
practice makes perfect . do you have any outdoor hobbies ? sports ?
i love to hike in the woods . i love nature . i hate the beach though .
too crowded , and i do not find swimming in salt water enjoyable . I wish I could overcome my milk allergy so I could enjoy all types of desserts.
good morning , how is your weather there
i bet , you get some really strong winds there too . what do you do for a living
suck , I wish I could repair air conditioners like you do. I am a character voice on the radio , mostly kid shows how did that happen
how long are you off work
well that is nice of her , what shows do you like to watch
i watch a lot of kid shows got my start with voice overs with sesame street .
let me clarify , i was first child tester for the show . where i found my love for it
since then i have learned 6 languages .
i am good . just got home from school !
i am still a kid ! only 3rd grade
i love school but i am kinda shy . i just moved here from france
it has been a year , but i still have not made very many friends
thank you . i hope i will when i go to summer camp
no i do not . do you ?
i love puppies . i wish i had one !
i hope so . what do you do for fun ?
very well and yourself ? i am of older age , but enjoy working in my garden
oh really ! maybe it is secretly me
i am not . i am a former artist and now just on the side
i am more into landscape , but if you need a portrait i am up for it
do you have a love for food ? mine is sushi and pizza, but If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in food photography.
i am sorry to hear that , but understand . i listen at home to the bank ween
nope not in my old age do i want to change careers
i am in love with sweets, but if only I could wake up early and seize the day.
i sleep most of my life away
bruno mars is my man .
i will gladly be your friend .
are you in school for anything ?
oh no i am very sorry to hear that
i love sushi and chinese food . you ?
it is wonderful . i only like cooked sushi
its going good just playing some video games before bed
yes i play every day i have never had a job and in school
i am a diabetic and still in high school so focus on my studies, but if I could, I would love to travel the world and try different cuisines.
my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple
yes she has been there for many years
what do u do in the office
sometimes i go to the mall but mostly come home do chores and play video games
i am good my brother is on tour, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
i want to educate kids
that sounds like a good job
i imagine it is i would love that
my family moved to the us when i was little
that is pretty cool i was only 5
it is the best i have ever lived in
hmm . my wife often makes hot dogs with cheese for my three kids .
does he like baseball ? i am a professional baseball player, but I often dream of being a musician instead of a baseball player.
the baltimore orioles . if you can believe it , they pay me one million dollars every year !
an hour is a long commute .
i will bet . i work late at my baseball games .
that is true . somehow a million dollars does not go as far as you think though .
i play with my kids whenever i can .
wow , that is pretty young !
going great . in may i completed college .
haha , i want to teach high school kids about american literature . it was my major, but if I could choose any other major, it would be marine biology.
very cool . good teachers are a must for the up and coming adults .
guess i am boring . i read and go hiking on the weekends .
i hope you find him on the circuit . do you watch live or on tv ?
it is very loud when watching live but exciting too .
nice what grade are you in ?
you best go and do not rush finding a husband . you have time .
i did the stairmaster an the elliptical today
i like to stretch an do flips seeing i do gymnastics .
really ? i need to go back to that , have any pets ?
i have a cat she is fat lol i named her cow
like coffee ? i do french vanilla is so bomb
we must grab some 1 day , i hate when i feel all dry ?
you right , the sauna makes me feel chalky
i am doing well . just doing some studying .
i am studying to be a chartered financial analyst . i do editing on the side . do you work ?
i have dog . he is so cute !
aw . what kind of dog is she ? just wondering .
what a knuckle head ! bulldogs are funny . at least in youtube videos .
no i do not but maybe one day . if I could redo my college years, I would have pursued a degree in art history instead of finance.
i like to visit museums . i am on instagram . i like posting my visits .
the last museum i visited was in city park new orleans . i love it .
hello
meow , meow
i could have braided my little pony tail by the time you responded .
fluffy , bongo , cisco , creepy , fifi , gertie . yours ?
only 2 ? they must be lonely .
you should get another and call it rainbow dash . ll
so what do you get paid to do ?
nice ! free d o m ! ! !
i am pretty good ! aw . an artist how cool . i am a waitress
very amazing . how is your family ? my mom used to be a nurse
what food do you like ?
haha i bet its beautiful . any hobbies ?
i sew and spend time cuddling my kitty
adorable name . her name is venus
that would be so adorable
doin well . it is raining now , but i like that
oh , are you a farmer ?
well i prefer computers but that is cool
yes , and i am working on a new program
i had scrambled eggs . you ?
and bacon ? you got to have bacon
i guess i like all animals . mostly indoor pets
i do not care for being outside, I wish I could enjoy being outdoors more often.
not too bad , just got in from work
i work for a diner near me as a cook . . . . i smell like grease ugh !
running is a great hobby . i love to write when i get the chance
that is ok you just have to find your stride . . . . . . can you keep a secret ?
i have written several romance novels under a different name . . . . If I could sing, I would have pursued a career in music.
yes, to pay for luxury adventure vacations
was but was unwilling to be an extension of his mother , so . . . . . .
not doing the best . i need a vacation i think. I wish I could take a break and go on a relaxing vacation.
i feel like i do everything , and it takes forever meaning i start early and leave late.
could never work there . i like things done right and my way or i redo them
i am sorry to hear that , and here is me ranting on about my perfectionism
yes . i need to relax really , but i just work so much
wow that sounds like an exciting job
i am happy for you
i am glad to hear that !
i am great . how are you ?
i play some ball for a living .
basketball is my favorite sport
if i had time i would
do you ever catch anything
do you eat what you catch
how do you know if it is
that is good to know
yes . i go to college for art .
i am great . just looking up vacations. I wish I could drive a green sports car through the countryside.
do you usually not get them?
i have four cats and a pig.
what kind of job are you looking for?
i love to see new places.
i like to garden and travel.
not much , just doing some research online . how about you ?
big game , huh ? what sport ?
do you think you will win ? how is your record ?
well maybe tonight will take a turn for the better
haha , my father always said that pro sports are all scripted results
basically , he says all of the plays and scores are pre planned
well i hope you do well . If I had the chance, I would love to study abroad and experience new cultures.
i really enjoy hiking and being out in nature
hey there . i work as a sixth grade science teacher .
yes i am . to the sweetest woman in the world .
oh one of my coaches is an attorney . i coach girls volleyball .
that would be fun . do you have any hobbies ?
yes i sure do . i sing karaoke , crochet , do crosswords . lots of things, but if I could pick one hobby to give up, it would be crocheting.
i even eat an apple a day even though i m allergic .
sure am . house full of pets . and you ?
i am nick . yes , i hear it is out . on netflix ?
wow ! that is amazing . tons of friends love game of thrones as well
i do . i prefer reading than listening to music, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would learn to play a musical instrument.
love harry potter . i am actually dying my hair back to black . it is red at the moment .
i just finished reading the blackwater lightship
an irish family going through issues with their son having aids . amazing book .
no , but my girlfriend does .
hello . how are you today ?
i am well . currently engulfing a sweet treat , my weakness
which ones ? i am a jack of all trades yet to master none
yes languages . i am mostly unsociable . i believe it is a male thing .
knee deep in last nights chinese huh
i try and keep my loved ones please and not disappoint them .
i would think indian food would be difficult .
no i am in boston . you ?
hello , good how about you ?
what fall , are you married
ok , what is your profession , my work is painter
i have a shop , 5 years back i won the lottery, if only she knew about my lottery win, maybe she wouldn't think I'm lazy and poor.
yes , i have a dog and donkey
oh , what is your hobby ?
good , i am very lazy so my wife hates me every time
i am also going to a yoga class .
bonjour my little friend . no not really , i do yoga before i draw, but if I could choose a different profession, I would love to be an artist.
i am on exchange from france , learned yoga in california school
yes , vineyards and castles . good food but i m a vegan . you ?
you ever try a vegan taco ? i eat them all the time in berkeley
sounds good ! are you student ? i am in what you say , is literature
you do all the work for rich attorney then , yes ?
that s good . people in us work very hard but don t get what we have in france
for one , big thing , people do not die or go broke because of being sick . us different
omg you should so cool ! congrats
well i am pregnant an married so not really
no my husband brings home the bacon , he is a engineer
really ? i have such anxiety sometimes
so i have to stay home because of my condition
the pregnancy does a lot sadly
i wish you 2 luck also its beautiful thing to do
no problem love enjoy send me pictures
good thanks . hope you are too .
are you in an area outside of rimas path ?
have you been there ? i would love to visit australia
cool . my name is nancy . what's your name ? I wish I had a sibling to play with when I was younger.
do you have any brothers or sisters in ny ?
i am so sorry . i never had any siblings just my barbies as a kid.
i am doing great now that my two beautiful boys are down for bed .
i am from the great state of california
that is cool . what do you do for work ?
i stay home to take care of the kids . but if I could, I would love to travel the world to attend Justin Timberlake's concerts.
do you have any hobbies
oh , i love to go camping !
how are you doing tonight
i am doing alright on this rainy night
yes i do my favorite is country
no i do not and i do not know how to play music, if I could go back in time, I would learn to play the guitar
that is cool i like to bake
i make cakes cookies and cupcakes
what kind of work do u do online
that cool i guess how do u like it
i am also very health conscious
apple itself a healthy food
yaa . . i like them . . i like the red ones too
taste . . and texture . . red ones are sweeter
that is a good one . . where are you from now ?
i am from boston ma, and I wish I could meet Ed Sheeran in person.
i am good how are you ?
that is amazing how big is it ?
a lot of room for kids to play
sounds like a plan . all mine are out the house
i am just listening to gospel music . if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i like that and spending time with the family
we are going to trick or treat at an NBA game.
just got done dancing , very tired . my feet hurt .
haha , we are both tired . how fabulous
i go to the theater to dance bellet . but i have to go to school, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in baking instead of nursing.
will you bake for me ? i could take some to church
i want a wedding cake all for myself
no , i love a challenge . i want to eat it all .
thank you , i love you . i want it to be beautiful .
what flavor will you use ?
hi ! definitely tuna , so i can share it with my kitties milo and flo, but if I could have any pet other than cats, I would choose a parrot for its colorful feathers.
do your dogs like sports ? i love soccer but my cats wo not play .
the great outdoors ! have you ever been to canada ? the countryside is great here .
do you have any siblings ? i have one brother but he does not visit much .
whys that ? my brother visits less now that he works at best buy .
not anymore , but my dad and i play games online together with multiplayer .
hey i am good , i love music and work as a staff accountant !
classical music mostly , anything i can play on my electric violin , yourself ?
i work in new york , you ?
do you play any instruments ?
you will have to teach me sometime , where do you live ?
oh nice city i have been there , could not have a fish pond there though
do you travel to other states often ?
yeah i do not mind . i go hiking every fall near my vacation home near stone mountain , ga
yeah of course my wife , 3 kids and 3 dogs load up in my suv
that is terrible . i have gotten closer with mine since getting my law degree, but if I didn't have my law degree, I would have pursued a career in music.
that would suck . well it was very nice chatting with you
yeah same . hope you have a great night day .
absolutely anytime . my dogs are barking so i have gotta run .
i am great how are you ?
awesome , do you work for a big studio ?
well it seems you are saving and making connections so it should work out .
that would be awesome , but i am afraid i am not quite skilled in that field
your totally right , why not then
yeah i have a wife , and a young son
that is not good , where did she work ?
well it seems like she is skilled so i am sure she will find new work,  if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional soccer like my idol Thierry Henry.
hi there . do you have any hobbies ?
cool . my favorite band in the rolling stones . how about you ?
nice ! they are awesome too ! what do you do for a living ?
a nurse at a hospital which comes in handy since my son is a daredevil
its busy and serious so i love going home to read and cook to relax, but if I could pursue a different career, I would love to be a chef specializing in Mexican cuisine.
what job would you lie to have ?
lol ice cream is pretty great . i love mexican food !
soft are the best . . . it contains the topping better lol.
i am a dreamer so i am doing wonderful !
i have a few brothers and sisters , my family is very poor .
i have a passion for animals , what about you ?
i live around lots of mountains so i practice yoga and love to hike the mountains .
the natural beauty of the world is amazing !
i am actually the youngest of five siblings . how about you ?
how exciting , an only child . i could not imagine . I wish I could live in a fairytale world full of magic and wonder.
hey ! just finished band practice . how is it going you ?
i am about to fix myself a snack of veggies and humus .
yes , i do play music . i like classical the best . you ?
i love handel , especially the water theme . you ?
yes ! was really a great movie . wish they would make more like that .
yes , i love movies . especially comedy , horror , and fantasy . you ?
i am not sure . i have never been fishing . would you take me ?
i am well ! how about yourself ?
that is a long week ! you need to go fishing and relax !
i love fishing with my dog Bob. I live on an island, but if I could change one thing, I would love exploring new hiking trails with Bob on the weekends.
what is your dog's name ?
how do you find the time to do that when you work so many hours ?
oh i see ! i am a cannibal . but no one really knows that
pretty great actually . you should try it
i think so . i am in great shape.
that is quite a prestigious career . i work as an engineer myself .
why would i know your wife ?
that is nice . i love to travel
are they from a previous marriage ?
i would not really say you bought them , just that you adopted them
i guess that is fair to say , it just sounds wierd .
you would get to do that for biological children too though
oh , gotcha . have you heard of bitcoin ?
nice ! i like watching the buffalo bills play
wow ! i do not have any kids i am still in school
very nice , i am studying to be an english teacher
i bet ! where are you from ?
i am from syracuse , ny . but want to study abroad in espana, I wish I could take my family to Spain to watch a football game
cool ! i am hoping to teach english in spain
you should ! it is great
i am pretty nervous .
i start safety patrol tomorrow , and abigail said it will not be fun, I wish I could join safety patrol with you tomorrow.
i do not have that much time .
i have martial arts everyday . my parents get mad if i skip ,
do you read ? i am getting better all the time
i do not know what that is . what about harry potter ?
i am reading that one for the first time . i was not allowed until recently .
hi . i am lucky . i was just swimming . love it . how about you ?
me too ! but i wish there were more traditional spicy foods .
i love mexican food . i have gone there many times . i love going to europe too .
ha ! ! ! as an only kind of a housemaid , i missed out on a lot of that .
mostly traveling , swimming and eating spicy food . what else do you like ?
cool . beats being a housemaid like my mom . i want your job !
that is neat . i am a stay at home mom, but If I weren't a stay-at-home mom, I would pursue a career in acting too.
i am lucky to have had 2 kids by age 30 .
just that i feel blessed . i guess that is a better term .
my career right now is my kids . are you wanting to be an actress ?
good luck ! i would not know much about acting . i was never into that type of thing .
if the weather is nice , i love to ride my bike . it helps clear my mind .
great my favorite occupation is being a lawyer
i love sushi and Chinese they are awesome
i reside high in the mountains
i love me some good homegrown veggies
they do . and especially cucumbers
If I could, I would love to watch documentaries on photography.
yes especially in a chicken pot pie
i am good . and god is good ! do you pray ?
i pray every morning to stay safe . i am scared of lots . like spiders. I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders.
do you fish near mountains ever ?
i do not go to mountains . i am not good with heights
cool ! i play games in the morning . with my socks sometimes
with their socks ? i always put on my left first
i do not like it . i have a condition sadly
i take several . they help a lot
i am doing well but i am a little hungry . how are you ?
i do not like to eat meat . do you like to hunt ?
that is great but i prefer eating apples .
did you donate any green apples, which I like .
i do not have any pets . do you like animals ?
I would prefer one that likes fruit as I do; perhaps an iguana. I wish I could have a pet monkey that loves apples as much as I do.
that is amazing . can you tell me more about your pets ?
your cats are mean ? do they harm your two children ?
awe , i do not have dogs but i have a beautiful daughter
cool ! i wish i had more time with her but i am always working as a waitress .
it is hard . i am trying to take classes online to better our future .
i like it steamed ! do you like flowers ? i love roses !
nice ! i love outdoors . i wear a hat a lot because my brown hair is so long !
why are you losing yours ?
oh yeah that happens ! i found a few gray hairs in mine !
yes , that is very true .
well i am doing just fine thank you for asking
probably , i got pretty wild when i followed a band around on a tour, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would pursue a career in music instead of cooking.
grateful dead baby ! they are the best band in the world
oh , i can get down with anything but country music . you ?
dude , that is like a totally cool way to be man
i try to sing along to some songs but people always shut me up
some say they would rather hear a screaming pig on fire
well i do not think so but all my friends say i suck
doing great ! another fine day in vienna !
i do ! born in london but i have been living here 5 years with my boyfriend, if only I could pursue my passion for painting full-time.
fresh air and amazing architecture . what do you do for work ?
i work in information tech and paint when i am free of that
what do you like to draw ?
i like superman too but i do not like the new stuff .
i like pogo . what are you into ?
just barely . i love a good book , how about you .
that is too bad . what do you like to do ? i am also into beadwork . i make my patterns .
do you draw , or is it more the psychology of it ?
ll , true . i grew up in va on the family farm , but moved to pa . you ?
it was pretty cool when my fibromyalgia was not acting up .
how do you get through the winter ? i am worried about this one !
i am well . and you ?
are you in the 9 5 grind ? sorry i do not understand .
guess so . too big for doorways .
yeah one of the perks of behind short .
do you travel for work ? i love to hike .
if I could go back, I would have majored in architecture instead of education.
just on the weekends . day hikes in the mountains . i adore it .
i am ok . . . how was your weekend ?
do you have any kids ?
what hours do you go to work ?
i have two beautiful kids .
i am not yelling , i am using cap lock .
i am from washington dc , you ?
because i am cooking my dinner now .
no i never been to cali .
i am good but pretty sleepy . . . how about you ?
i have a job in a factory , so it takes a lot out of me .
i am off at 4 but i work 4 days a week 10 hours per day .
it works out good because i get three days off to sleep .
i am not a very social person , anyway . i do like animals and nature, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be more outgoing and social.
yes and I love it . what is the best place you have hiked ?
i once hiked in Yosemite . it was very nice and i even saw mountain goats .
hi there , just thinking of ways to lose weight . hard as i make cakes for a living
my girlfriend only eats organic too . she even tries to feed our cat it, but I wish I could travel the world with my cat.
i hope so as she is like our baby . hoping we can adopt a real one though
people think we should not being lesbians , but we would love a kid
i used to be , my doctor says i am still healthy , but it made me slightly overweight
probably can't be around our cat then .
i see , what else do you enjoy ? i really do love my job decorating cakes
wow . you want mine ? haha just kidding .
hey are you spiritual at all ?
aw what did you do to her ?
so ? what was her deal ? join my religion i made it
i do not believe in holidays, but if I didn't have my own religion, I would love to celebrate holidays with my family.
are you gay ? i think ghost are real , an very welcomed . friday the 13th
yes you can i like to drive drop tops also .
all bmw i love bmws a lot
do you an yes i do ! very !
cool i am eating an onion by itself and it's not making me cry .
raw onions are good and good for you if you know how to grow them like me .
i grow all kinds of food in my garden , herbs , fruit , vegetables .
eating right will help you with soccer . it helped me lose 65 pounds easily .
i heard about that but have not read it . what is it about ?
anybody can eat sweet onion raw and it's good for you too .
if I had the chance, I would love to sew my own crystal-infused clothes.
my hair is too long and too curly to be a Bubba Gump or Forrest Gump .
onions are good , all kinds of onions .
him good just got home
traffic was crazy on the way back from whittling convention held at the community college, but if I hadn't joined the navy, I might have pursued a career in whittling.
my foster dad showed me folk music is the best in traffic
high school is cool but best days were in community college
maybe you can go to the navy like me after graduation ?
oh i studied communications , it was easier
i never knew my mom , she died when i was little
yes , my foster mom was awesome , she taught me how to whittle
i am great . how are you
where do you work at
what kind of a club
what do you like most
do you get a lot of tips
i play music for a living, but I wish I could take a break from my music career to volunteer at the local humane society more often.
i play a lot of indie
i play the drums . i love it
its fine , just waiting for my mom to stop teaching music, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
well , i am usually busy entering violin competitions .
piano lessons are hard , my sister plays the clarinet .
well , i have placed in a lot of violin competitions , nut i do have a corgi .
scary movies are great , my music teacher mom loves them .
when we are not playing violin at the elementary school , we like to watch them .
not at all . what is up ?
i would love to assist you .
i hear you . i am still in pain from a bad break up .
he just up and left . its ok tho . i have faith in god .
i think so as well . I wish I could overcome my weaknesses and be as strong as you.
i am 32 . and you ?
luckily i have my sights on things above .
i love carrots . i like to cook them glazed.
hi robert . i am good . playing with my pet iguanas .
i think i can train my dogs to read if i try hard .
i like to give my dogs sassy names .
no more dog talk . i cannot get anymore because i am poor .
i thought we were not talking about dogs ? i do not talk to my brother much .
lol . . i wanted to tell you more about myself . what are your hobbies ?
my grandpa is 87 . my parents are in their 60s .
nothing majorly bad . high blood pressure and my dad has a little diabetes .
oh no ! well i wish them well .
ohhh . . . i understand . well have a good weekend !
i m doing great how about you ?
i am a construction worker . how about you ?
that s awesome . what kind of research ?
that s great , i hope they find a cure one day .
if I could go back, I would choose a career in scientific research like you. only time will tell .
true . maybe just one ? we can only hope .
i ride motocross ! it s a lot of fun . you ?
hey i am doing ok i guess . how are you
that sounds fun . i am trying to move soon i hate this place, if I could take back one mistake, it would be not moving sooner.
i am thinking about where i can move too . what are you doing
that sounds like hard work .
that is good . i am so hard on myself i could never do that
no i do not like to do that . i like to watch tv and play games
yeah that is fun at times . i really like it when they have sales
the sales are real good sometimes i even get half off what i buy
great and you ? i am kevin .
i enjoy playing the guitar . jamming with friends .
free time is definitely limited while being in school .
that is great . i do not have that luxury . do you enjoy anything else ? If I wasn't studying software development, I would have pursued a career in music.
a chef . interesting . i am not much into cooking . limited options in the dorm .
whats your favorite cuisine to cook ?
my favorite as well , but have to limit . i try to stay in shape .
nice , i just got back from the beach !
i just love all the parties , but now i have to get ready to deliver some pizza
i need to eat pizza while i study . I wish I could go back to school for marine biology instead of business.
what do you do , besides work out ?
great . i hear a lot of bands at the beach parties !
you should try to find a gig there .
i would just search social media .
need to get ready for work . business school is not cheap !
hi jessica , this is brad in iraq . hows it going ?
hold them close ! i just finished skyring with my wife and two kids back in the states .
definitely ! they are used to me being away a lot on my deployments with the rangers .
no , but it sounds like something they would enjoy !
i love outdoorsy stuff , even here in the desert . i cannot imagine working a normal 9 5 .
that is cool . i cannot imagine a life other than out in the field .
excellent ! people helping others is what makes our country great .
same ! i am not worried about sacrificing my life to help protect you all back home !
i just got back from a concert , my favorite thing to do .
i saw the insane clown posse it was sick !
now i have to make dinner since i have vegan, if I had the chance, I would love to get a tattoo of a vegan symbol next.
when i got good grades my mom let me get a angel tattoo
i got it on my hip , no i am not a chef .
two years , next tattoo i want a pair of brown eyes , like mine .
i remember those days , enjoy them while you can
growing up sucks , bills , bills , work .
hi ! just great and you ? i am with my friend james, I wish I could travel the world with James, the secret ruler.
he secretly rules the world ! maybe make some pudding . you ?
ahahah sounds better than pudding making . it makes me gassy
i really should not . i do not know what dessert is well known in texas
yummy ! have you tried the mini cones ? !
nice ! i have never done drugs before
i do not know where you buy drugs at
i think there is one nearby me !
yes i do , i am writing a book on dogs
i am a big fan of dogs too, but mostly i love fast cars. If I had pursued my passion for animals, I might have become a veterinarian instead of a mall cop.
when i retire i plan on buying a corvette
i have about five more years of being a mall cop before i can retire
a guy that wears pink boots , interesting
i like it , it also works well for October . . breast cancer awareness month
wow that is more information than i needed to know
lol i guess that is correct
good . how about you ?
that is good . i am ready to go out with my dog that i love lot, but I wish I could adopt more dogs and start a sanctuary for them.
yes , i like classic rocks and i like to buy and shop a lot of cds
so do you like sushi ? i love sushi , but i am a veggie
i always go to expensive ones too because my parents pay my house rent
i graduated from fashion designing and immediately did my mba so yes
doing good , just got in from baseball practice . i play you see
all of them , i am that good . i also play piano
i believe its because green is my lucky color . that is what we wear
what do you do ? i enjoy reading about Chinese history in my spare time. I wish I could combine my love for baseball with my passion for Chinese history somehow.
you should show me some of your poetry
i just like reading it . not as much as Chinese history though
i am a bit like that with my piano playing
yes , i guess it is . what else do you enjoy ?
i am okay . just on my break from my nursing job , reading a book
i have held down the same e . r job for 10 years , even throughout my divorce .
the only dr i am is a dr . pepper . . girl that is . my favorite drink .
nurse . i bet its nice not having a job huh ?
i wish i could swim in a giant dr . pepper filled swimming pool
it sure helped me get through my tough long divorce
yes , i love eating yummy tacos . . . yum
anything mexican i love . tacos , burritos , you name it
hi ! i am doing pretty good . i am home recovering from knee surgery .
i hurt my knee playing basketball in college . i dreamed of going pro. If I hadn't injured my knee, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
thank you ! i just graduated in may . i still have plans to play overseas .
i hope so ! i am very tall so that should help ! where to ?
that is romantic ! i would like to meet the love of my life soon !
college is so much fun . even for a 7-foot guy like me !
i am sure you will love it ! good luck !
i am well . . . how are you ?
cool . . . i just finished cooking
i made chicken parmesan and baked a pie
yes , do you like apples ?
so what do you do for a living ?
nice . . . i am in culinary school , my passion is food
i like everything b l u e, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my mother still alive.
jamaica and where is yours ?
good and how are you ?
what are you up to this fine day ?
ok you like meat a lot i guess
that would explain all the meat eating
I wish I could live in a fantasy world like the ones I draw.
what do you have it in ?
what do you do for work ?
it is going splendid lovely
i am eating ice cream
i love nachos in oil
oh good i hope so lol
i do , he is my whole life, but if my mother hadn't worked for Apple, I might have pursued a career in technology.
you are gonna what a what ? ?
well that can be a ton of fun
oh no , hurry home man !
hi , i am from los angeles california
the beach is my favorite . i go out on my boat sometimes .
when i am not busy at the hospital , i like anything involving water . if I could change one thing about my life, I wish I could have a pet dog to keep me company in my large home.
correct . i enjoy every bit of it .
sure , i am all ears . work ? hobbies ? kids ?
that is awesome . i have neither kids nor pets .
sure that would be nice
no living right now , dude surfs up !, but I wish I could live near the ocean like you.
weed , man , weed . and a little meth .
pretty hard over the ether , dontcha think ?
well , if we lived in the same town . . . nah , i am just messina with ya .
on the beach , man , right on the beach but with mom and dad
lots of money in that ? or just a hobby ?
howdy , i am a 21 year old . always busy .
yea i really enjoy being outside . maybe i will go for a hike, but I wish I could take a break and visit the city for a change of pace.
i live on ranch so we have a ton of pumpkins around this time .
on weekends mainly . we have a pretty good selection .
oh yea . we do not have any starbucks near by
for sure . i love a mint hot chocolate .
i love ice cream . ever had salted oreo ?
i am great ! got a big test tomorrow to study for , though .
accounting . blew . its only the second week of school .
nope , full time school . and you ?
whats your major and your school ?
i have heard that is very popular lately . hobbies ?
i wish i were more ambitious . i like the couch and the cartoon network . ll
great exercise . music , not so much . i am more , like , megadeath . . .
great ! i just had a nice steak . how about you ?
oh that is cool . my coworker just wrote an article on how its coming to an end .
i am an editor at a newspaper, but if only my dog could talk, he would have some amazing stories to tell.
oh , where did you get your credentials ?
oh wow ! my dad used to be a butcher right down the street from that university .
yea , i am a real carnivore now . raw .
no haha do you want one
that is cool what is your new job
i like a lot of colors cause i paint in my free time, but if I didn't have kids, I would travel the world and attend wine tours.
is that your favorite color
what do you do for fun
that is nice i like to go to museums
yeah i would love to.
i am a pool expert and you ?
i am doing great and you ? love art so much i teach in school
billiards , do you like to travel ? i wish one day to see the pyramids
in middle school , i try to inspire the teens with all types of art
you can ride in egypt too , my goal in life is to write a book
wow , that is an unique collection do you like unicorns that is my favorite art
you are a professional , that is tough , as an adult now i keep in shape with biking .
where did you put those wings ?
amazing ! you ? just finished my morning training session with my horses .
my career basically , i love it ! my parents hate it , but oh well . . .
i train horses , they think i am going broke because of it , and do not want me to suffer .
i do not have the hand eye coordination for that lol ! i messed up the strings !
country , makes think of where i wish i belonged .
that is my dads favorite ! he would turn it up loud every morning .
yeah , they are the reason i cannot ever sleep in anymore haha
training horses lol . remember ? you ?
hi ! i am doing alright . i am just putting my 3 kids to bed .
two boys and 1 girl . what do you do for a living ?
reading is great ! i currently am a dealer for blackjack and going back to school
i want to be a casino manager ! but my first degree is in statistics, if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
no , my kids are a handful enough ! ! haha . how about you ?
oh of course , i forgot you told me about her . cats are great !
hopefully we can get one when the kids are older .
now , do not look down upon yourself .
i am sorry . i just finished eating my favorite ice cream with my fiance .
wow ! where do you work ?
ha ha ! i work at a cab company as a contractor, but if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in music instead of working at a cab company.
she is more proud that i am taking teaching courses online .
cool ! what kind of music do you like ?
my favorite is rock , i also like country .
hi ! doing well . how about you ?
yes but i enjoy books more ! i am currently working as a librarian, but I wish I could travel the world to collect rare books for my library.
cool ! i also like reading to my 2 cats . i think they like it too
yeah ! i love lost actually . you ?
i feel it . whats your favorite food ? mines tuna . i eat with my cats
not much i am always at the library.
i am well , hello , i am a 10-year-old named arnold, If I could have any superpower, I would choose to fly like a bird.
what is a mea ? i am just watching tv because i love it
me too , i enjoy ham and cheese sandwiches with orange juice
me too as long as my mom is cooking it
i hope i can do that when i grow up , after i am a fireman
do you have a fort in the woods ?
oh , i like to shop at toy r us
nice . i work long hours which can get exhausting . more than 60 but I wish I could spend more time outdoors appreciating nature's beauty.
i am sure you will ! to ease stress , i love watching sunrises daily
love pink floyd . do you exercise ? i need to get back on that
good for you . sunsets though are the best .
interior designer in ny . you ?
that is right ! do you also grill back home ?
too bad summer is ending . i miss grilling during the summer
i do ! yes , please share !
hi i am an accountant but i dream to advance my musical career
that is cool what kind of odd jobs
that is so nice of you
i play the electric violin an di love imagine dragons
yeah its pretty nice though takes a lot of practicing
i do but i wish i had more time to
yeah its expensive to travel overseas
very well , thank you . and you ?
i am glad its over , i do not like waiting in lines .
justin bieber is here , i briefly thought about becoming his roadie . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued that roadie opportunity!
no . my sister and mother do . you ?
shopping , i only own five pairs of pants . what are yours ?
what about wedding dresses ? those rock .
fine how are you feeling tonight ?
i hope you had a good shift , i love my occupation .
i was an actress now i work as a clerk, but I wish I could go back to acting, it was my true passion.
what kind of music do you like to listen to me country .
good make sure to take your dad with you when you buy your car .
do you have a pet . i adore every animal .
do a lot of research to ensure you are not buying a bad car . good luck
you will have a car in no time just stay focused . congrats on going to college .
that is cool me and my friends need that for the concerts pregame for weekends
oh really ? when i became of adult age my parents moved way far, but if I had pursued music instead of basketball, things might have turned out differently.
wow , why ? i love to eat the same things for breakfast .
that did not tell me why . . . . but i like eggs and bacon for breakfast .
oh okay where i grew up my parents would not hear land was huge .
why ? what happened ? that is crazy
that sucks , sorry to hear .
no i do not , i am in russia, but if I had the chance, I would love to compete in weightlifting competitions internationally.
really how did you guys meet ?
oh so you did not meet him over here . does he have an accent ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a professional weight lifter
500 pounds but it was a good week
i am doing pretty good , just sitting back drinking some bud .
well i am the lead singer in my indie band , and i love horseback riding, but if only my horse could talk, we could start a podcast together.
we play quite a few , it helps living in the inner city , lots of places to play .
bars , open mics , places like that .
no , i am probably gonna go ride my horse tomorrow though .
yea its really fun , he is pretty quiet though.
fancy lookin name . who the heck is that ? if I could go back in time, I would become a skilled computer technician.
an astronaut ? be something normal like a hunter
you got to hunt to eat that fancy food will kill you
if you are a girl how are you using this computer thing
what is a penn and teller . are these fancy scientist or something
is that like that frankenstein monster thing with the bulbs and stuff
oh cool now grass is something i understand need to cut my grass
a john deer model s 82 best there is
i am doing well , thank you . i just got engaged !
cool ! what kind of music do you play ?
i am in a local theater company myself and know a choir as well .
you have a music store ? their a dying bread .
hope florida is still there when that happens . . . all these storms are crazy .
i do some work with animals they are amazing creatures .
I wish my parents were still together like yours, i need to get through the wedding planning part before i even think about life after .
i hope we make it though . so many people get divorced these days .
i am well . i work as a waitress in houston
very nice , the club i work at is very popular and i have long work nights .
oh that sucks ! i am moving to australia to get married soon, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in photography.
i never been but i am very excited to go ! what do you do for fun ?
nice ! i job on my spare time . i am training for a marathon
it is 26 miles long
i hope i can ! haha
hello , how are you today ?
i am fine as ever , what do you like to do as a hobby ?
i roll blunts
i am a financial analyst for a brewery, but I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures around the world.
baby , i am from illinois , west side of chicago
that is wassup
i am doing great , how are you ?
i just finished my shift at mcdonald
evansville , indiana . have you ever heard of it ?
what is your favorite color ?
mine is purple . almost every piece of clothing i own is some shade of purple .
i work at mcdonald . how about you ? I wish I could find Krav Maga classes near my home like I always wanted.
sure how is your night going tonight ?
that sounds nice hows the weather ?
same here i should probably start working soon but i work from home online
yeah i was just reading and eating some chicken
yum i used to work in a box factory we had a lot of pizza boxes, if I had pursued my passion for music, I might have been in a band like Story So Far.
no it was quite boring
pretty good just listening to the band Story So Far now.
hi , i am not the person to ask .
just do not do it . not worth the time .
i do not like my job either . lets both quit !
no ! i told you no dating !
I wish my boyfriend didn't want an open relationship.
i am . you guessed it right .
my boyfriend will not approve . i am telling him you said that .
wait , is this jamie from work ?
hi, I am Toni. I have only male dogs.
neat. i have 5 kids, 3 boys, 2 girls. If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
well, my husband had 2 kids before we got married.
i make crafts on Etsy and volunteer at a cat shelter.
a dream is a dream. i crochet when out of pot.
who is that if I may ask?
wow, that is so sweet. i remember prom.
have you looked her up since.
share it with me ! i am kind of down . feel like giving up . maybe it will help. If I hadn't been rejected so many times, I would have pursued weightlifting more seriously.
sometimes drawing gives me some natural highs .
can i read my comics while i lift weights ?
yes . a couple of dogs . i might public my art work online . will you see it ?
no but i would love one . do you have one ?
sounds like a house full !
no , i think you owning a yorkie would be more weird .
me too ! i like bigger dogs .
hey i am doing good how are you
just finished reading a book to my child
the cat in the hat
yes that book will never get old, but I wish I could play tennis professionally.
i work from home how about you ?
cool . glad you said that . i am trying to get my stomach in shape
yes but my stomach is the only part i want to work on
what is burpees ? my stomach is all wrinkly after having baby
i am wanting my stomach to be back flat
how long have you been a fitness coach ?
do you have a website for your blog ?
i am well , just watching tv with bart . how are you ?
yes , he is my dog . i could not live without him . do you have pets ?
my father has a farm . my mother used to care for pigs closely . they are divorced now .
my friends and i listen to country music in the dorms all the time too !
i wish i had time to dance , i study a lot to be an excellent student
i am currently studying sociology , it is incredibly fascinating
i have a lot of vegan friends . how was transitioning into veganism for you ?
pinterest is a great resource ! i get many decorating ideas for parties there .
hi jeff , i am frank . what do you do ?
i manage a grocery store . its a decent job .
do you have time for hobbies ? i like reading and riding bike myself .
that is fun , too . do you like to travel ?
i bet that was nice . i go up to canada almost every weekend, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue professional cycling.
michigan . the views in canada sure are something .
too much work , i suppose ? i know the feeling .
i had some weight issues ; bicycling really helped .
my job takes a lot of hours away from spending time in nature, but I wish I could spend more time in nature, away from my busy job.
yes but i prefer to be in nature . whats your hobby ?
i work too many hours to have friends . whats your favorite color ?
i agree , but my eyes are drawn to the color blue
do you spend time in nature ? i love hiking
that sounds so frightening i am sorry to hear that . do you drive at all ?
i completely understand that feeling. i am exhausted too
nah work does not bother me. i have been working since i was a small child.
my mom died in 79 so i was forced to take a factory job.
yes until i was old enough to get a higher skilled job. If I had more free time, I would love to explore different anime genres.
ll! i do thankfully. what shows do you watch?
haha yes i did; what's power about? i watch a lot of anime.
i am doing well , and yourself ?
i stay home and watch my two kids dogs while my husband works, but i wish I had pursued a career in environmental conservation.
sometimes i take all four hiking in the woods
i love to cook , but mostly do so outdoors by the pool in the summer
i have lived all over the western us in my 30 years on earth .
yes , i have relatives in orange county . did you grow up there ?
yes , i have relatives in orange county . did you grow up there ?
wow ! from one coast to the other . . . at least you stayed near the ocean .
they are okay , i prefer cats though . i used to own 6 actually .
that is a cute name ! where are you from ?
cool i am from new york . why bbq sauce ?
oh , okay haha . do you ever get really bad headaches ?
bad luck for you . once i had a headache so terrible i called 911 .
it is really pretty . pumpkin seeds are delicious too .
actual pumpkin , or pumpkin spice ?
what is your favorite recipe to add pumpkin to ?
not much hung out with my kids and listened to the rolling stones
oh yeah ? i do not watch basketball
got any kids ? i have three
i married my girlfriend from high school , if I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in music instead of marrying my high school sweetheart.
any vices ? i drink soda constantly , like seriously all the time
healthy is good , sodas are not but they taste so good
do you like anything other than sports ? i am a huge rolling stones fan
ferraris are cool , do you own any ? and of course the stones are great !
hi , i am experiencing chronic back pain . I wish I could turn back time and take better care of my back.
i am a very passionate person about many things .
i will try ! what do you do for fun ?
lol sleep is wonderful ! i like making my voice heard .
lol sounds froggy ! sometimes i get too worked up .
yes that is never fun .
wow yes i understand that . how old are they ?
i bet you are very tired !
i am good . i am albert and i was once a lawyer
you can once you get used to a different diet
no . i will be working in the federal court system soon. If I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a career in art instead of the federal court system.
that is very romantic . how long have you been married ?
yes i like pop . do you ?
why do you have to keep one on you ?
i understand . what is your favorite ?
pink is a great color for girls . how many children do you have ?
hi , that is cool . i am in public relations .
luck . where do you live ? i am in seattle .
tell me something interesting about yourself . i am vegan .
i was also raised as a Buddhist .
it was different . i only speak English . i would love to learn Spanish .
are you in a relationship ?
yeah , i have this girl i have been seeing a few months . I wish I could attend a Bon Iver concert with my parents.
yeah . i really like her .
i am a little under the weather . odd b c i definitely get my apple in a day ! you ?
congratulations ! where do you live ?
that is awesome . are you a vegan as well ?
yes i am . i have never really liked the taste of meat . i love fruit though ! if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy meat like others do.
whats your favorite ? i love apples , especially the green ones !
umm ! great for making salads too . what do you have planned today ?
that is good , but i am faithful to my girlfriend. It would be fun to travel the world with my girlfriend.
i work as a seller of books in a big city .
not really . i just like to dye my hair pink and eat bacon .
someday . my older brother has a few kids .
i sell all kinds of books . i love the ones about bacon the most .
i like my steak well done , but i am trying to branch out to medium well .
my girlfriend loves chicken . we can get good chicken here in the city .
cheers to that . i live in cincinnati .
good , finally have some time to relax now that the kids are to bed
sounds good , is it like mixed berry or blueberry ?
yummy that is a good flavor , turns your tongue blue
i am sorry , that was really devastating !
what did you do for a litter ?
sorry i meant to say for the cat litter .
okay , that is nice to know , cats loved my hair too
hi there , i am good today , just catching up and reading , you ?
how cute ! what kind of dog do you have ?
aw , i wish i could pet them . what are your hobbies ?
i am a teacher , but i do not make a lot of money .
i do not think that is true . money is needed to pay bills .
if we live in a world without money , it would be great
donald trump was not a good choice , he is the devil
alright , it was great talking to you , bye noe
hello i am jim . i just was playing my piano .
i design my own threads . do you garden or vegetate .
yes i see . i do not like flowers because they attract bugs .
really . i do not drive much . i am kinda old .
i would rather not say . no hair i say
nothing personal . i am ready for the winter to come .
yes . i expect to sale my sweaters i made, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a green thumb for gardening.
yes it pays off every year . well got to go so goodbye .
yes here i am ! how is your morning going
oh that is a bummer , i am playing some nintendo games . i am off today
yes those are my favorite ! do you play video games
i hear that . i have a husky i like to take on hikes . do you have pets
shepherds can be good dogs i reckon , my parents have one. I wish I lived closer to the ocean so I could go fishing more often.
i work in a hobby shop where we sell rc cars , how about you
for a newspaper ? yeah they are really fun to race
yes me too ! digital media is taking over too much
so much information ! haha . i am a writer . i can write forever
i love the movie eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . it speaks to my soul
no i am single . i wish i were married so i can share the expenses .
are unicorns real ? i wish i knew how to make more money . i really want to
i spend too much time writing and collecting pens to work out
i write about life , connection , the passions of my soul , spirituality
i have not but i should try it !
no i do not have any . i love your kids names .
pretty good , how about you ?
that is amazing are you a professional ?
that is pretty wild . are you religious ?
i am into wicca now , but my parents do not know .
yeah , my parents do not believe in science
i bet they do worry for you
yeah i work at a garden center in our community so they like that
i started out volunteering but i work there now
i work at starbucks but I play piano in a jazz band in the evenings. I wish I could play jazz piano in a band like you.
that is awesome do you have any other hobbies ?
what is your favorite flower
are you even reading what i am typing
what part of the country do you live in ?
i live in New York but I am originally from Algeria
i have never been to the west coast
is it warm there ? i hate the cold lol
not doing so great today . i was in a zip line accident and lost my arm .
i need my arms for farming , how am i going to hoe without two arms .
at least i can do my hobby , hiking , i only need two legs for that .
should have listened to my parent and used my college degree for an office job .
i have a parrot named todd , he is a real talker . do you like sports ?
i was in a car accident , cut my arm then it got infected zipping , rough day .
its really hard to type with one arm , i miss my left arm . makes me sad .
i can fish with one arm if someone will bait my hook
hey there . i live in colorado and work in it . how about you ?
i am sorry to hear that . i moved to colorado because i have chronic pain, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel to Amsterdam to experience the culture there.
the legalized weed here has really helped a lot of people .
that is interesting . . . are you some sort of hippy ?
oh okay . i guess that makes sense . so you like photography ?
i work in it . i do network security .
wow , really ? no job at all ?
that is my favorite part of sundays . i slept until noon today ! do you like football ?
i am fine , may go golfing, but if I had children, I would love to take them golfing with me on sunny days.
i live in a rural area , i am also a poet
not a teacher , i write poetry , am involved in a gun club
no children but i have a fish !
sounds nice ! i like to donate to homeless people
yes i graduated , in writing and poetry
that would really be great !
it is a good afternoon . i am fine , how bout yourself ?
ya it is very scary . but god is in control
oh no ! i am so sorry . are you evacuating ?
that is good . hope you and your family are ok
what is your favorite homemade meal ? If I could choose one city to live in, it would be Miami for its vibrant music scene.
interesting . well i hope you get to make many more cooked meals
no , i do not . i hike and geocache, but I wish I had more time to dedicate to geocaching, it's such a thrilling hobby.
i love metro parks ! i take chocolate granola bars with me when i hike .
i love chocolate , my sisters hate it .
do you play the piano ? i am learning .
so far , i do . i am not a music person , but my sisters play .
do you have any hobbies ?
i have never tried either , i surf .
not really , not if you stick to the shallower , calm waters .
i very much dislike listening to music .
there are those who call me , nick .
it is said that i was kissed by fire , since my hair is red .
video games have music , which is something that is not ok for me .
i have so many friends , they love the national parks !
i have a scooter . it is a vespa . i ride it with my friends .
my friends hate music as much as i do . 30 mph .
it is super fast . you would do a lot of training !
i do not know . was it something scary ?
congratulations . i woo the ladies in different languages , i know six
a lot of my friends are impressed that i was on sesame street
i was a test child , the first one
not in california though . If I could turn back time, I would have prevented the forest fire in California.
i can cut them with the knife i always carry
i like the outdoors . i could survive on my own for a long time
i am , thanks . you seem okay too
then you should tell them to watch john gresham movies .
lizards are great , my parents had them when they were working in politics .
my three friends all hate john gresham books .
yeah , its just that because of fantasy lands , my girlfriend is leaving me .
its okay , she just tells me every day because I am a really great guitar player .
my parents taught me after they found goodness in themselves.
i am doing pretty good , yourself ?
i am so sorry to hear that , was it sudden ?
so do you have any hobbies to keep your mind off it ?
hot yoga ? do i dare ask what that is ?
do you swim or run ?
ahahah even with all that yoga ?
ah fair enough . i do a lot of both . I wish I could see well without glasses, but I wear them all day.
hello ! i am great . just got done reading my book for a book club . .
what is your favorite book ? i barely make time between driving my children to sports .
i used to listen to her . do you drink ? i love apple martinis
that is cool . you ever been to paris ? i dream of going, if I could, I would love to travel to Paris and attend a fashion show.
wow . i bet he drives a black suburban like me .
take some anti gas medicine for it ? i design clothes . i will design you some gas proof pants .
well that is a good thing . drugs are no good .
i can imagine . drugs are everywhere .
i am doing better today , thank you . my father passed away recently .
it was unexpected , heart attack . but enough of me , how are you ?
i am in between jobs , i write fiction and play guitar. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of writing.
no i have graduated , my partner recently went back to college though .
did you not go to college ?
you must have a good relationship with her i bet
haha , yeah , detention would be pretty lame
very well , and yourself ? nice weather we are having here
i live in the farm country . i harvest apples this time of year
it sure is ! one day i would like to travel and capture stunning landscapes with my photography. do you travel at all ?
i understand that . i was in that situation a few years ago
when i am not harvesting apples i like to do photography
i love going to grocery stores . does your grocery store ever play rock music ?
that is okay . if you like music maybe you can suggest it
wow ! that is great . i like to mountain bike .
awesome . i am a hiker .
in vermont where i live . what do you do for fun ?
well that sounds fun . if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a park ranger and work in the national parks.
haha . this whole thing is hilarious .
so , what do you do for work ?
wow , that is fun ! i am a stay at home mom
3 7 and 11 . all have birthdays soon .
not too bad , been so stressed out lately . you ?
i am still a high school student lol , what do you do ?
does it pay well ? i worry about money and want a good career .
that is awesome . i want a dog but my dad is too strict about it, if only my dad would let me have a dog, it would make everything better.
was it hard becoming a computer technician ? i have not been great with school .
my best friend is also good with them , he could probably teach me a bit .
i will probably talk to him about it then , thanks for that
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
are you located in ny ?
i am in southern california myself
nope not married yet lol
do you have any hobbies ? If I could muster the courage, I'd visit Rome, but I cannot make myself go alone.
i like country music a lot
that is great my puppy was born in february
red is a beautiful color , my wife has a red dress she wears when we go dancing
that is great . i have a silver lexus with red interior , it looks pretty cool
he is a large mixed dog , brindle , his name is sox !
i love that breed of dogs !
what a good dog . i am in college and miss my dog a lot, if I could change one thing about my life, I would be a professional dancer.
i am , and i am failing a few classes . math is not my strong suit
i know it is pretty common which is a relief but i am worried
i play with my pug corgi .
i am single and enjoy going to the mall on dates .
i am completely deaf but i love playing tennis . If I could hear, I would love to hear the sound of the ocean while painting.
yes , i like all people . no , it does not . i am pretty good
yes , blue is a lovely color
yes i would love to paint
i am in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
oh yes , that is true .
i am fine and how you doing ,
do you have any hobbies
i am a swimmer , and love to travel. I wish I could travel more often like my mother.
that is nice to say , do you like to swim
i enjoy eating spicy food.
interesting , i too like people and would love to meet people when I travel.
hello , how are you
pretty good , sold cars all day , its my new job . If I could choose any job in the world, I would love to be a chef and cook all day.
right on ! you can cook me some pizza , its my fav !
does it involve meat ? i love it !
yes i do , my wife taught for some time , and my kids are grown .
that is great , maybe sometime i could paint a pic of your family , something i love .
so then you speak italian ?
by yourself ?
pretty good thank and you ?
mine is blonde like my hair
do you like to dance ?
oh ballet is my biggest passion
is that your favorite food ?
mine is mac and cheese . mac and cheese pizza too
i forget sometimes and you ?
yeah it happens . if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair purple.
hi ! how old are you ? i am 10 .
i love pink ! my best friend is abigail . who is your best friend ?
does he like martial arts ? that is what i do after school .
that sounds cool ! today was my first day on safety patrol .
it is ! we get rewarded with a harry potter book . i love those
my mommy does not let me wear makeup yet .
oh i wish i was leela .
maybe she just needs a friend ?
great , thanks ! just working on 2 computers , after watching anime you ?
that is nice i work in my moms flower garden !
that is okay for generations farms were inherited .
wow . . well at least she was not your wife
yes ! i love them ! wish i could have been a pilot !
why ? is it the heights or being crammed with people that scares you ?
hi my name is dana and my iq is 250 .
if only I could invent a time machine to go back and prevent the accident that took my parents' lives.
i live with my dog named mack
nope it does not . i want the money to travel the world .
well i think so i just do not know what .
sounds like a pretty good idea .
what do you mean by that ?
hmmm oh wow . well maybe you need to confront him about it .
you are bottle ? my little brother has a bottle mom puts his milk in it .
i do not know . . . hey do you like one direction ? there my favorite ! ! !
oh well i guess i am still a kid , i am in 5th grade now .
i like spaghetti and meatballs ! !
you right kids books ? that is neat . if I could choose, I would want to be a professional tennis player like my mom.
yes she love its but she is away a lot from it .
great . i just put my dinner in the oven , waiting for room mates .
thankfully no . i am in school in florida right now . do you go to school ?
where do you work ? i want to be a gym teacher .
nice . i love sports . especially swimming . i am pretty active every day .
i can imagine . do you like to be with friends ? or more of an introvert ?
me too . my parents always said i was extremely social . if I could have any pet, it would be a dolphin to swim with in the ocean.
huskies like cold weather . makes sense . i like horses .
i had a donkey . i might like them even more .
as long as you buy me chocolate i am there
being from a small town in georgia we did not have a theater
too hot here . i just stayed in and practiced my violin
cape ? tell me more about that
i played i was a rock star buy my singing sucks, I wish I could sing like a rockstar.
it was cool . my mom even played .
yes . i saved my stuff for one day when i have two kids
my day is going great ! getting ready for work tonight . bars never close .
yes . helps pay for college . i will also play piano for tips on downtime during work .
oh yes . i am going to culinary school . i have been told i am awesome at cooking . If I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore different culinary traditions around the world.
oh wow . that is exciting . what music do you like ? i love country music .
i hear too much rock in the bar .
agreed . i do not like rap music .
i love the farm life !
thank you ! i hope you have a good night too .
i am a mom no school for me .
my parents died and my older brother raised me after their death
yes me and my hubby run a food truck , but I wish I had pursued a career in acting instead of running a food truck.
you need to be like me quiet but confident so she will notice you
i like simple theater shows . i really not a blond just want to laugh
i wanted to drive big rigs but never new where to park at new places .
yes that is why food trucks are cool easy to park.
ll , you are funny ! do you like to tell jokes ?
ah , do you watch south park ? gives you a bad impression of gingers !
very enjoyable ! what else do you like to do ?
i like to swim a lot . other than that i spend my time reading . if only my parents were still married, things would be different.
i like most fiction books . i love young adult series .
well , its been good chatting with you !
most definitely . i think i will read a bit and then hit the hay . . .
wow , congrats for the 20th anniversary
you guys should grab some pizza . it s my favorite
oh , i just want to be by myself alone, if I were more outgoing, I would join you in celebrating your anniversary in a big way.
so i even enjoy walking at night alone
even it is totally dark . but if i stay home reading is what i do
like what do you do there though ?
that is so cool . do you like it
hello , it is going great ! having lunch now , have you ate ?
i love fish , veggies , not so much .
i am a runner , i love marathons .
how old are you ? i am 19 .
i am too young to drink anything stronger than soda
mine as well , i did have wine when we were in europe .
we go each summer , i love paris and milan .
we love france and italy .
i am getting sued i found out today
it is my parents they are suing me so i come home for the holidays .
do you watch a lot of tv ?
you could play for me while i watch tv on mute
i mean , i would be fine with that, if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a marine biologist studying manta rays.
no , but i could . it depends
i think that would be fine .
i sweet little kitten , you ?
how cute , i plan on working from home as a publisher , i love books !
my moms a librarian and sometime authors come in , i cannot wait to get there autograph !, if I could choose any color for my new room, it would be a vibrant yellow.
oh those are fun ! what kinds ? marvel ?
not really , i like mystery myself
do they have a book ?
i hear ya ! i am a mom of 5 !
my husband keeps me busy as well as my cats .
i wish i could , but i am so deep in this crochet project .
with all my kids , do you think it might be a little late ?
i can understand that . god thinks you are important .
do you need a hug ?
maybe have a sandwich . or eat an egg .
i live to serve , not to nerve .
am fine , what can you never forget about your school days
my great memory about school is when we jumped over the fence
are you diabetic or your appetite is very high ?
okay but if you do a lot of work you deserve to eat
have you put on a lot of weight or you have kept your normal weight
okay just exercise and see what it can do for a moment
then if you are hungry try eating fruits only and avoid lots of junks, I wish I could travel the world with my clients instead of just giving them sports information.
i am doing good . just got done eating dinner . being a vegetarian is quite restricting
allergies make it a good diet for me , but living on a pig farm does not help
wow . do you live in the city ?
yes , but i so wish i could live in the city
sweet , i need more friends than the pigs !
yes , can i come visit you . i will not make you eat vegetarian haha
what else do you enjoy ?
that sounds like a lot of fun . i would love to go
org , i saw justin bieber , the artist , he is my favorite ! ! !, if I could, I would take my boys to meet Justin Bieber in person.
i love when i go horseback riding , its like i work out
i am a proud mother of two handsome boys , and you ?
i take my family camping just about every month , wanna go ?
we live in aruba , in a van down by the river
jersey , like jersey shore ? girl we need to hook up , get our hair did
i will ship you some moon fish , in a box with ice on it
1 , 921 miles to be exact
later gator , after while crocodile , not too soon baboon
just working on my dance moves, but if I could choose another career, I would love to be a comedian.
my parents died in an accident
mine was my best friend
no i do not i just rehearse for my show
ballet and it is also great for the body
what kind of book club do you go to
i love my phone too and hamburgers
i do not like pets , they just leave in the end like my dad. I wish I could drive, but I've never had the opportunity to learn.
that is cool have you had any lost love ones ?
does she visit you often ?
do you have any tattoos of dogs ?
on my back three tattoos are there
it did hurt very much , like 1000 needles
get drunk before hand it helps.
i love new york , but i live in pennsylvania .
i barely have time for hobbies since i am a nurse .
wall street sounds exciting , my husband the fireman loves excitement, but if I had pursued my dream of becoming a sushi chef, things might have been different.
i only get dressed up for my favorite sushi restaurant
my kids love dogs . do you have kids ?
what do you do for fun ?
that sounds relaxing . i like to read .
hi tony . football causes brain damage . are you ok ?
ok good luck with that . i am a runner . less brain damage , lol .
wow , sounds like you are getting better . what is your diet like ?
sounds smart . i eat lots of bagels and cookies , burn carbs running .
i have a feeling you will succeed . because you are focused .
you played football as a toddler ? linebacker ever knock you unconscious ?
oh , ok . do you have a game with weekend ?
ok . runners almost never days off . gonna head out for a run momentarily . I wish I had the courage to train dogs like you do.
i know right ? wait . what news ?
hurricanes are great ! fires keep you warm . and trump is hilarious !
well . if we do not laugh we cry .
ya you will probably go before them if statistics are accurate
preach girl . you excited for winter ?
oh but the cold is so wonderful, if only I could attend a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert in Antarctica.
who is the titanic ? is he a wrestler ?
hello , dogs and human . my pregnant girlfriend and i say hello too .
yes ! the house we just bought looks like it belongs in it !
i am a coach at the high school , the house is near her parents . If I hadn't become a coach, I would have pursued a career in sports broadcasting.
i do not really have any , until last week I was still in college .
sports medicine . what do you do ?
very nice ! maybe you could give my wife some tips for the baby's room .
i am waiting for the chance to do our kitchen .
pretty good day , how is yours so far ?
i am so sorry to hear it . i could not imagine such a loss . how many years ?
that is very young , but is a hurt that does not go away no matter how old
i am a student , just finished my classes , and thinking about dinner
some kind of comfort food it is a cold day , maybe pasta
good thinking , seafood makes anything taste awesome
i usually gets up at 4 am daily .
how about you ? it is always great to wake up in my condo .
oh no , that s way late . opera music is what i listen to sleep, but I wish I could visit Canada to experience its beauty and culture.
are you from canada ? because i have not been to it .
it is great too while eating steak , it is my favorite
i live in california . those are good foods
do you like living in there ?
which part of california did you go to ?
i am well just woke up you ?
i was going to work all night but my head was killing me .
i am into high fashion . shopping is my disease .
i am studying fashion . skateboarding has always been so hot .
i am obsessed with shopping .
its what i do . i just love the new trends, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued skateboarding professionally.
i know how that can be . i have gotten tangled up a few times .
they are making a comeback in a big way i am thinking about producing a line .
i am doing my nightly skin regime .
i am an aspiring actress, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in finance like you.
and how did that go for you ?
no , i just think one day i will be famous .
i do not see why not , if i earn a lot .
but currently i work at grocery store and need to be taxed less .
what is your fancy degree in ?
oh i see , do you wear fancy clothes ?
hello , redheaded cat lover from Ohio here . how are you ?
it has been a long day , i work remotely from home , how about you ?
i am ready to take a blue jello break . i love it ! If I could, I would dye my hair a different color every week just for fun.
no gardening here today , rainy . it is making my 10 cats very clingy !
very funny ! i need to leave soon , i have a haircut appointment , way too long !
i should , no one sees me here at home . any plans yourself today ?
sounds lovely . any book recommendations for me ?
hey ! i enjoy listening and head banging to metal music ! you ?
that is rockin ! maybe you could help me with leather , as that is all i wear ! haha
i go to metal shows and enjoy life sleep in late the whole thing . and you ?
cool ! i will have to stop by for black hair dye and gel
what color do you do ? short and spiky for me . delicious !
haha makin a statement ! the metal shows would like that , and the pies !
lovely ! i would have to garden after the shows and i sleep late
hello i am doing great
no problem just eating mashed potatoes which are my favorite. If I weren't a vegan, I would love to try a hamburger steak.
triple burgers my parents would not let me eat those in their house .
very true that describes my brother who served in the military
i do not know about that movie
to some maybe . i watch a lot of game of thrones . its a favorite
i did not care for it in the beginning but the popularity drew me
if i was a psychologist i could help you , but i sell paper . If I were not a paper salesman, I would have pursued a career in psychology to work with bears.
i love beets , so if i could find a beet cake , that would be great .
no pools here . farming life does not give me time to swim .
have you gotten any help ? i really like bears .
do you bake the cake or buy the cake ?
coworkers ? are you able to work with your hearing voices and all ?
wow . you are a teacher ?
i cant get enough game of thrones . it is my favorite show ever .
i am awesome too . my job involves working at home and that makes it even better .
soad is ok but if I could, I would love to join a cosplay group and attend conventions regularly.
everything is some kind of cult . like all of the renaissance fairs i go to .
they have a few good songs . i listened to them sometimes when i work at home .
cult or culture . well its all some kind of belief system . . . of a down .
not much piano in soad but you can get a job at the renaissance fair.
hello , no , i do not . i am disabled and do not date .
i am an only child , i love winter . do you? If I could walk, I would love to go hiking in the winter mountains.
no , i treat myself holistically . i also take a lot of vitamin c .
i do too . do you know bread is unhealthy ? nasty stuff .
i do not eat it at all . i use lettuce wraps for burgers .
it is very good . do you date ?
that is so nice , i would love to have a wedding .
is he single ? does he like women who are bedridden ?
hello , is that mean you likes the outdoors
that nice , i like shopping at the mall, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in extreme sports.
ok , i spend a lot of time sewing
sorry to hear that , hope you find another one
gee that does sound weird , i do caregiver work
yes , i think so but it takes a lot of patience
well you are so right , but i enjoy doing it
i am well . how are you doing today ?
ha i feel what you are saying i stayed up late last night .
i am running around my house right now . do you read ? movies ?
i love to ski actually no kidding
i am too afraid of clowns even though I look like one. If I wasn't a competitive ski racer, I would love to try skydiving.
it's not a huge deal but i look like pennywise the 1990s one
haha nice i used to love watching austin . i also love to live dangerously .
hi . nice to meet you . i am a hairdresser and own a salon . you ?
do you have to keep your hair up all the time at your job ?
makes sense . If I could change one thing about my profession, I would love to own a bakery like you.
i am an only child . my family is my husband , who i married in 2016 .
nice ! where are you living ?
awesome . we are living on a boat for now , haha .
i am the only purple haired basketball player on a local team !
my name is helen , i am fine . just got done gardening .
that sounds great ! what is your favorite food ?
your favorite food cannot be spanish , that is a language .
you should probably turn off caps lock and use proper English . . .
I have 3 children and 8 grandchildren . if I could go back in time, I would travel the world before settling down to raise a family.
I like to garden outside of my house , I have a small garden .
that is too technical for me
I am retired , I spend my day in my garden.
i am good thanks for asking
i like desserts , my fave is brownies, but if I could bake anything, it would be a delicious chocolate cake.
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in socal inland empire
do you have any hobbies ?
my day is fine , been peaceful .
mine comes from reading and writing . i think i get it from my mom , the librarian .
they are great . so , what do you do for a living ?
that is awesome ! i hope you make it .
i have been spending most of my time lately applying to publishing companies, but if I could choose any career, I would love to be a famous author.
i am truly hoping for a writing position , but anything related is fine by me .
i do not have a great morning here. I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of lifeguarding.
i will give it a try .
cool . i am a lifeguard what do you do ?
really ? can you get me a job . i am abd .
history . went for the big money field .
i think i would rather stay in lifeguarding honestly.
one of my parents is an offshore driller . maybe i do that .
they do but it is risky . remember deepwater horizon ?
hi ! i am very busy . i am next in line to be queen of england, but I wish I could pursue my passion for art more openly.
www ! that is fun ! when i have free time i spend it with my cats
oh really ? where ? how did you decide to do it ?
cool . if you are any good i could introduce you to my sister
www my sister had stage fright but she obviously got over it
madonna
haha ! yeah . so she would encourage you to try again ! !
ll she can be a lot . we have a lot of strong people in our family
sitting here in the hospital reading to my mother
she is 95 but still hanging in there , she has game shows on all day long
just healthy living , never smoked , never drank
me , chewing tobacco . . . bad , bad , bad . . . lost half my jaw, if only I had taken better care of my health earlier, things might have been different.
cannot chew , cannot swallow , medical bills up the wazoo . . . sorry , do not get me started
speaking of religious , i am praying for a miracle
too much about me , how you doing ?
did you see the future king , that hunk william ?
i am good ! waiting for my wife to get home .
twenty years , my wife makes me smile whenever i see her !
no pets , but three beautiful children whom i love ! what do you do ?
nice ! I tried to make it as an actor when I was younger. If I hadn't pursued acting, I might have explored a career in music.
a big company , i really look forward to retirement !
just my family ! what about you ?
you sound driven ! i am content with my life , are you ?
me too ! i love social media it's fun, but if I could choose, I would love to live by the beach and surf every day.
my kids like it also i have 2
play and make YouTube videos , like Mexican food ?
really ? what will it be about ?
where is it at ?
i am in the Midwest on Facebook
yes i have you too ? i work with animals.
i am in alabama . woman . i am 22 . and you ?
what do you like to do for fun ? in college too .
game in my free time . work . school . live life all out .
risd is awesome . if I could pursue my passion for art.
dating . free spirit at the moment . yes i do .
not sure if i want them but they are great . education major too .
middle school and high school English . If I could, I would pursue a career in music instead.
but can think deeply which is cool .
hey ! just a artist living my life . how about you ?
nice ! i would love to retire early and spent the rest of days with my cat .
i agree . my cat would love the sun and beach too . bet their nights are great too . I wish I could paint the night sky with Charlie by my side.
yes and way different than nyc . but the nighttime here is freakin great .
really ! you must be very athletic then .
oh my god ! that is huge ! maybe you should play basketball professionally .
practice can always help . but i am sure competition might be intimidated .
it is great . i love animals , animals are my life and you ?
crafts . . . seems very interesting . is that what you do for a living ?
no i have no kids . my animals are like my kids, if I could choose any career other than being a vet, I would be a wildlife photographer.
i love jill scott and bob marley . you ?
that is cool . reggae music is the music of free spirits
lol . . nothing is wrong with that
ironically i am a vet.
i am good . i have been working in my garden .
oh , i only have one son .
congratulations ! it goes by so fast , my son is 40 .
oh . i am retired from the navy, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path.
oh . i am sorry to hear that .
so so . good enough to live on .
oh . how old is he ?
i do sometimes . who is your favorite artist ?
hello , dave . i am mia . i am doing great .
my boyfriend is out there for a police softball tourney .
that is a lot . saturday is a day for me to get my nails done, but if only I could visit Paris and experience the cafe culture.
i watch wwe wrestling to relax .
it was here too . i wore shorts to the office .
i work in my parents store on sundays .
it is soothing , i am a moon lover .
i will take it , i love dogs .
i am very well , now that we have finally landed in vegas . how are you ?
i am so sorry to hear that . my girlfriend and i are having issues as well .
i work as a pilot for american airlines .
what kind of music ? i like rock .
i fly four times a week . i live in salt lake city .
i named my beagles , chance and boomer , after congressmen , lol
i am , i like military movies . both of my parents still serve .
thank you , i am very proud of them . what office did your parents hold ? I wish I wasn't afraid of spiders, it would make camping trips more enjoyable.
i love ballet . it runs in my family . what do you like ?
i would love to travel . what languages do you want to learn ?
i really should travel since i will be retiring in 6 months .
well , sounds like you travel a lot so your job must give you lots of money
so what kind of self-employed work do you do ?
oh wow that is so cool . certainly job security in this age .
bring your computer and work on the road ?
have you ever been to Europe ?
hello , i am very nervous , i am going to ask my girlfriend to marry me tonight, but if I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a marine biologist instead.
it is . we both graduated last week , and bought a house near her folks .
physical therapy , i have a job with the local high school . i am their coach .
nice ! do you do any international business works ?
my girlfriend works from home , she is a writer .
we like to surf and take salsa lessons .
i like to cook , and she likes to bake . we enjoy cooking together .
i do not discuss politics . makes for angry conversations .
i am so good . i hope you are too .
i had grits , we are southern folk . where are you ?
i only eat fried food , and i am very overweight . how old are you
all my kids have ipads . they have no attention span .
i love books . love books . i am getting old too fast , if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time to focus on my art.
i am an artist . i paint and write . can you draw ?
i love country music , and rock , and electronic
hello there how are you
i have a pet dog, but I wish I could eat more veggies and less meat.
i like to shop mostly
veggies are my best friend
that is good to know
sure i mostly stay home and shop tho
i really need to sleep more
i get no sleep sometimes
nothing much just enjoying a day off work what about you
lol are they fast drying ?
wow that might take some time . where do you work
i work for google as an engineer, but If I had the chance, I would love to work on developing self-driving cars.
no i work on the software for their computers
they can be stubborn at times . where are you from
that is good i am in seattle
good evening its going well . how are you ?
oh sweet , which genre ? i like metal dance and alternative rock . I wish I could perform on stage with a metal band one day.
wow nine , amazing ! what else do you do ? me , i crochet sweaters and scarves .
i have been playing poker since i was 6 . guess what i once won .
a hearse , i will decorate it like the ecto 1 from ghostbusters for halloween .
italian its like a guilty pleasure . that and halloween candy .
it sure is . the costumes just keep getting better year after year .
i am good getting ready for work
i work in oil and gas
i am a foreman for an equipment cleaning company in texas
i wish always hot here
what do you do in your spare time i love basketball
that is cool . do you have kids ?
i just had my first son three months ago
no i get so frustrated with them
i plan weddings for a living, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career as an architect.
i love to listen to country music always a good message
i also like music from the 80s
when i was a kid i wanted to become an architect
i think so too , but never did become one
i think we always have those things we regret in life
halloween is coming and i am interested in ghosts
hi ! i am great , thanks . how are you ?
i am doing some browsing online , shopping .
i am looking for some furnishings for a home i own but rent out .
definitely ! i would love to live there but I travel so much I live mostly in hotels. If I had the chance to settle down, I would love to make my mansion a home filled with warmth and memories.
i am a bit of a bookworm , i love to learn new things especially languages .
it can be difficult but I enjoy it . what is your profession ?
that is awesome ! yes I love movies . what kind do you prefer ?
cool ! i love comedies . what else do you do for fun ?
hey ! just sitting here listening to country music . it is my favorite . what do you like ?
they are good too !
that would be great . i would take a nice beach vacation !
what kind of ride would you like most ?
great choice ! i am not really much into cars . i prefer to read romance novels .
yummy ! who needs popcorn and a movie when you have a great book ?
lol ! i am in hr and have been with this company for seven years, but if I weren't a vegan, I would love to try some gourmet burgers.
hey , whats going on ?
currently , i work at mcdonald . i am only eighteen .
its ok . but i still live at my parents house .
i wish i had time for that but i have to save money for a car .
drive it to school . i am taking a year off before college .
i will probably buy a ferrari or a lamborghini .
yeah , well i am really good at working the fryer .
hi i am katie 26 i hike to work off oreo cookie snakes, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would have loved to become a chef.
i work full time as a manager of a law office and yes 4 dogs
oreo bacon milkshakes but i love blue too
eating out at steakhouse when not at work
hiking works me bond with my nephew
i meant to say hiking is helps me bond with my nephew
yeah my nephew lost his mom so we bond alot
yeah she was a good woman pardon me but f . cancer
k lil tired long day in field .
asst . teachers with tech . systems begging of the year . . . If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in history.
born in nyc but moved my mom was traveling rn
i visit historical museums and battlefields . how bout you ?
oh my dad need me to help him hang some drywall tomorrow at work .
fun is a basic need . your mind is trying to fix that right now !
tea is my favorite drink, but if I had to choose a different favorite drink, it would be coffee
me is drawing people and mountain biking
not too much , hard boiled eggs are delicious
i do not like people without a good sense of humor
yes , i have to have salt on everything
all that is a great start
just teaching my kindergarten class, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of teaching
i do like music but i prefer the 1980s type
that is so cool , what age did you learn
do you like tex mex , i really do
i know i love it , though sometimes it hurts my stomach
i am married to my work as a teacher
i do not mind it what are your hobbies
that is cool i have never played that
do you have any pets
i have two adorable puppies
i am in a long distance relationship, but if I weren't a pilot, I would have pursued a career as an artist.
i flay for an airline for a living so i travel a lot
no i do not know if dragons fly in that area
i will be sure to do that
great , just chilling with my pets . i have a cat and dog , how about you ?
i am only ten years old so that is not a problem for me . If I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot because they can talk and I love listening to stories.
yes , mine and my moms and dads . my mom is a school teacher .
she has some free time , more than my dad , he works at a mill .
i go to the mall with my friends , i have loads , its fun . how about you ?
cool , i have to mow the yard at my house today , no fun !
i don lie , its bad when you get caught .
i guess if it works for you that is ok . do you have many friends ?
i am good ! jamming to some good ol jimi hendrix ! lol
that is cool ! you play music ? i am learning guitar ! its rough dude .
awesome ! you in college or anything ?
that is pretty interesting . i dropped out of college . if I could go back, I would have stayed in college to pursue my music passion.
i will watch them sometimes . i would rather be outside honestly . fishing or hunting .
the country is awesome ! very peaceful and quiet . not much nightlife though .
what do you do for fun ?
see , you would fit in in the country too ! lol
hi there , i am daniel and doing great , i am eating fish which i love to do
red , or ginger ? either way i do not mind
do you have any pets ? i have a husky that i absolutely adore
do you have tv in your van ?
ahh i could not live without my nintendo console , do you travel about ?
ever been to the great white north ? that is canada to you and me, but I wish I could travel in a van like you do, exploring different states with my husky by my side.
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
i am getting married very soon .
i also have a bit of a sweet tooth .
did you talk to him at all ?
wow . that is crazy . what kind of car do you drive ?
that is great . i am glad for you, if only I could find a babysitter for my siblings' kids.
i have a mercedes as a car.
i go running often maybe i will come see you
i like it but not in the winter
i install electric in companies
that must be very hard work
those sound beautiful i would love to tag along
cool i want hamburgers though, but I wish I could go vegan again, but I just can't resist a good burger.
i was until i tried one
well i have one sister , a golden retriever and i play soccer . you ?
wow ! that is a lot of brothers . i love math as well
i am not sure yet . maybe some type of engineering, but I wish I could travel the world with my soccer team.
why is that ? i am sure youre very talented
well there is nothing wrong with that
well then your mom needs your company
hello ! i am great . just eating the candy i love gummy bears ! how about you ?
i like coke . if I wasn't lactose intolerant, I would indulge in a delicious coke float.
i used to bloat until i started drinking orange juice which is also my favorite color !
i do like jokes . especially ones about parakeets since i have one .
yes , i have 3 dogs , 1 cat , and 1 fish . how about you ?
are you also married ? do you have children ?
yes , i have been married for 23 years and we have 6 children .
they are . mostly 2 years apart , but 2 are 3 years apart .
hi i am doing well how are you ?
creative ! do you do decorating for party planning ?
that sounds cool , i do stand up comedy , and i like to deep sea dive if only I could go deep-sea diving more often, I would be thrilled.
wherever usually i am up for trying new areas , maybe find atlantis ha
is not the coast south of louisiana ? my sister belongs to a cult near that state
the kind that have one thinking type , she has not talked to the family in a long time
amazon is awesome , what makes you like those specific brand of shoes ?
how was it ? i bet it was a blast
gotcha . what car do you drive ?
i am . i love driving my jag everywhere
no pets . they make me angry
i have anger problems . i need to relive stress a lot, but if I could change one thing, I would adopt a therapy dog for emotional support.
maybe that is a good idea . may be able to replace my family
not too members that i am a fan of these days
people watching in the bars i go to
i am doing just okay . how about you ?
i got fired from my job, but I wish I could find a job that allows me to express my creativity.
thank you . good thing my parents do not charge me rent
i cannot dance . what kind of work do you do ?
that would be a fun job . are you looking for players ?
i would like to try .
4 foot 11 .
oh yeah i served in the army and we always drank those
oh i am american but i never came out . i work building things .
i build closets mostly what about you ?
i read so i do not know about that . and i have prius in my driveway . you ?
oh enough with the jokes . i am into romance books .
mostly i admired my freckles . do you have a fav food ?
what happened to it ? lost ?
if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in stand-up comedy, but big cities do not find you funny so we will not meet.
just my degree in communication that is red, but I wish I had a family to share my achievements with.
i think my family would be pissed , well i am an orphan
well its brown but since i am in the navy it is very short
i love games mostly pc games but i also love to dance to folk music
yes turtles , do the turtle dance
i am sure it would be really slow
that is random , are you drunk lol
i am good how are you ?
that is nice . i am going to a mexican restaurant with my two kids
just a local place called cafe rio
yes , they do . me and my coworkers at the animal clinic go there a lot
i post a lot of pictures of cats on social media . they are cute .
i agree ! that is the main reason i have phone !
me and my kids like to go hiking during the summer . love the weather .
northern California is beautiful . it is horrible with all the wildfires .
i am doing good , so tell me about yourself .
that is good to know . who is playing ?
oh i see . i enjoy lots of different music for different activities .
i see . do you have any pets ?
how cool . i do not but want to adopt one very soon, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in nursing like my mother.
i am sure its nice . i will take that into consideration .
i am near the Nevada area .
it is a pleasure Texas . do you play any instrument ?
great ! just finishing reading my fantasy fiction novel here i like those . you ?
ll i keep telling my kids they should read , in order to go to college
have you heard of monsanto ? i used to work for them, and I wish I could swim with dolphins in the ocean.
its the company that sells pesticides and seeds .
its a job . what do you study ? any hobbies ?
have you sought help ? are you sure that is the right field for you ?
i just acted like a superhero
i wore a cape , especially when going to see a movie
like my brother and i will make up a characters
my favorite is toys story . and you ?
yes , like superman ! and i love finding dory too
do you like seeing the movies in theaters ?
oh , that s awesome , those movies really have a great moral lessons too, if only I could turn back time and relive those moments with my parents taking us to the movies.
it is going great today ; everyday is great in my ford truck .
right on . i do not allow fried chicken in my ford truck . I wish I had a Toyota truck instead of a Ford truck.
i work on ford trucks . do you have a ford truck ?
i am so sorry . you should get yourself a ford truck . mine is black .
well okay . how about a ford car ? they are just as good .
why do they call it a 4runner ?
oh , i thought it was because 4 wheeler was taken .
are you kidding me ? do you know any jokes ?
hello , i am miss hall .
i cant complain . i am in a wheel chair but I wish I could travel more instead of being stuck in a wheelchair.
at my job . i fell off the top floor and dislodged two disc
the weather here is great . i can go to the park and do laps
yes . at the museum . i have time to trad more now that i am crip ple
they made them for me . not too many people want to be around me .
i guess i make them feel uncomfortable . i am wheel chair shawty
it is ok i am use to it . tell me about you
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
that is kind of specified . so , no need to worry ?
can you try again after some time ?
how come ? there is no reason you should not try again
i do not have a sport necessarily , i am a weightlifter i enjoy working out, but I wish I could have a pet great dane like you.
yeah it can be a lot of fun , i also participate in marathons
its a good idea , do not let it get you down
too much sweet stuff ? that sounds really good about now
i am good . just over here living a lie . you ?
can i tell you a secret ?
i won the multimillion dollar powerball six years ago and have told nobody
i certainly can . i usually just spend the day painting
have you tried painting ? it is very relaxing . tennis sounds fun too
yes i can understand that . do you have any children ?
i do but they do not know about my winnings
i am a fan of all things disney , i could do disney marathons for ages !
disney also owns espn or something now right ?
what did they do for espn ?
that is great ! my favorite movie character is ariel , so that is super far from espn, if I could be any Disney character, I would choose Ariel.
i prefer the disney version , more fun without the depressing ending .
i love reading too , almost as much as I like to dance . do you have other hobbies ?
that is an interesting combination.
how about that ? ! kids are like food vacuums . married ?
me too . of course , my real love is writing . but , to each their own . If I had pursued my love for writing, I might have become a successful author by now.
cooks and raises three kids . seems great to me . what do you do ?
ah ! i was just teaching my kids about the middle east . i teach for a modest living .
wonderful . my dad raised me on a home depot salary , so my mom had to work .
i do alright . i am more interested in you . what kind of music do you like ?
country all day , baby . but i like the classics , too . you like willie nelson ?
just the man that invented country ! he is a true classic . tell me about saudi music ?
greetings from mother russia comrade ! ! !
black as midnight . my favorite song is paint it black by the stones
sounds awesome . what do you enjoy ?
If I could, I would travel to Ireland to find leprechauns.
once i finish business school , i want to travel more ! !
a siberian husky , they make good friends in russia
hi there how are you ?
i am not so bad but not great , i am too ethical .
i get hung up on answering my phone and working too much for clients .
i do something less reputable . but it is important that i make it all right .
my only joy in this dreary life is taking off work on summer Fridays, but I wish I could spend my summer Fridays exploring new cities.
only to my work . are you single ?
fell in love with the girl at the rock show ?
awesome do you travel together ?
hey , i am good . just fighting with my daughter . you have kids ?
well just cus i am of tall and she is almost of she thinks she can wear anything .
expensive jeans and sneaks with bling . i sell paper 4 a living am not rich !
she is only 13 ! ! ! and her hobby is eating cheese , which i hate .
loads , and she is skinny too boot ! ! I wish I could grow a few inches taller to reach the top shelves more easily.
jaja , probably not . its genetic . i am a great cook but avoid the cheesy ones .
same as ll but in spanish ! !
my pleasure ! what do you do for a living ?
hi . i am doing well because my mom made my favorite dinner tonight .
oh ! did you like the sequel ? i saw the first one with my moms .
it was so delicious ! spaghetti and meatballs my fav !
that is an awesome career ! where did you grow up ?
cool . i like playing this space shooter game . i do not remember what it is called. I wish I could remember the names of all the games I play at the arcade.
are there lots of arcades there ?
i hope so ! what is your favorite game to play ?
i like to play pool with my boyfriend , he works at nasa .
i am ok . listening to music and relaxing with my dog, but if I could, I would love to have a pet panda from China.
its a boxer . how about you ? have any pets ?
i am from china . how about yourself ?
sounds nice . how is it there ?
what do you like to do for fun there ?
i like to work out myself .
i love cooking but i do not have anyone to cook for but myself
you seem like you will do well with your bakery
wow i would have love to start a business but i cant get motivated
i have a a job too but i daydream all day
i daydream about love i can find a decent relationship
i am romantically hopeless but i still dream
never had good luck with my relationships
yes they do i agree
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
yum ! i love veggie pizza ! ! do you have any hobbies ?
i am not sure who that is . i am currently in art school, if I could choose a different medium, I would love to work with oil paints instead of acrylics.
i love it ! my favorite medium is acrylics and painting is by far my favorite class .
that is wonderful ! i hope to paint murals one day .
maybe ! ! i am a blonde , so it would not surprise me if the answer was obvious .
ha ha ! it was nice chatting with you !
good , how are you doing ?
yea , there is a muse concert that i am going to .
they are an english rock band that play really cool music .
i just became a vegan last year . its working out really well . If I had more free time, I would love to start a vegan cooking blog.
not really , its like dieting , you just need to stay conscious .
oh really what kinds ? i am studying nutrition in college
why do you travel all the time ?
books that stimulate the minds ? keep them busy . . .
i enjoy being with kids , perhaps that may help with depression
we all have problems , i overeat when a stressful event happens
perhaps keep your environment organize may help , it helps me
swimming is great , does it help with epilepsy ?
how about giving your self some different life styles ? like me , it helps
being a teacher in a kindergarten , i am very good with kids , i can help you, I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures with my students.
ask him what style of a father he likes ? perhaps go from there ?
hello , good to talk to you . i am sorry to hear that
it is good to have something to focus on . i play guitar, but I wish I could pursue my dream of being in a band.
i never hear of someone who was allergic to a guitar !
i like to learn new things , i work in a factory
it is hard work , i sleep a lot when i am home
that is unfortunate ! i quite like mine , and my 2 children
oh no ! where did she go ?
perhaps she will not be your wife for much longer
just watching game of thrones . how about you ?
lol i love scifi fiction stuff so it works for me . are you in school ?
nice ! i still live at home too , just started online classes at a community college .
not too bad . i always make time to have fun, mostly reading. If I could live in a fictional world, it would be the Harry Potter universe.
nice ! i love nachos but spaghetti would probably have to be my favorite .
what state do you live in ?
i am good . you see the sunset tonight ? i loved it !
that sounds fun . how about watching the sun rise ? i try to every day
i would invite you to see it with me , but i eat breakfast then go back to sleep
i world alot 60 hours a week . i really wish i could get out and exercise
me too . what else do you enjoy ?
cute , if i had a dog i would name it sunset
cool ! i love fishing too . would be good at the sunrise
lets do it one time ! what you think ?
not so great , my boyfriend is a dog , a regular harvey weinstein
he wants to sleep with other people while he is with me
i just do not care anymore . lucky for you , you are still so young
i used to say the same thing . now i wish i could go back in time !
i hate going to work , i want to punch my coworker in the face
she slept with my boyfriend !
you are so right ! i just want to be happy again , and find my soulmate
he is most certainly dumb , but i am dumber for putting up with his shenanigans .
hi ! doing great how about you ?
i wish i had friends . many people think i am a nerd
you are right . nothing wrong with excelling at math and science
i cannot blame computers . i love them !
i get to exercise at the gym at google since i started working there last week
yes ! you can help with my self driving car research
i am also for google headquarters
i am all right . how are you ?
i enjoy travelling , photography and making music videos, but I wish I could travel the world with my late spouse, capturing every moment through my lens.
no , i just take photos . i love the band maroon though . do you like them ?
that is cool . what do you like to draw ?
my goal is to be a famous photographer . i love taking pictures of exotic places .
me too ! i have been through some big life changes lately .
currently i am taking freelance photography jobs and building my portfolio .
it is ok . i do not get much done unless i am at work, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to be more active and healthy.
an education is a good thing to get . i never did .
no . i do not get along with anyone even pets
not especially . what year are you in law school ?
how do you like new york ?
what sports do you play ?
i used to play football but now am too unhealthy .
what team do you like ?
i love my grand babies , I wish my grandchildren lived closer, I would spend every day with them.
me and my husband stay by the lake .
when i have time away from my customer designs in my shop , fruits .
yes it is especially near halloween .
i sure will not a problem !
i do not my husband does the driving
no i let my old man drive me around now .
pretty good . i just finished work . i work from home which is nice .
that sounds yummy . my husband is grilling steak and asparagus but i hate asparagus .
i do i have 10 cats . how about you ?
oh my husband wanted a husky . they look so furry and cuddly .
i go to the movies . emma stone is my favorite actress she has redhead like me . If I had to choose a different profession, I would love to be a professional chef.
that sounds cool . do you have any kids ?
not too much . i went hunting this morning though . you ?
what do you do ? in the deep south , it is about hunting for your food .
sounds fun . some folks here will fish for food but i do not like seafood .
i live near a river but there are gators . gator is good food . I wish I could go surfing like you, but I am afraid of the water.
Mississippi and i wear blue mostly cause i like it .
i can eat a lot of Mexican food but i ain't Mexican , so i gotcha .
howdy . i am fine . what do you do for a living ?
that is awesome . what grade do you teach ?
i cant find any work right now, but I wish I could find a job that allows me to swim every day.
yes i am going bald just stressing about it
yes i know . i like to go to the pool and forget my worries .
oh really ? how old are your kids ?
that is awesome ! do you take your family out to eat ?
i think i am going to watch tv, but I wish I could binge-watch Rick and Morty all weekend.
ok what are you going to do now anything good ?
ll , that sounds entertaining . i am going to stay in my pajamas all day .
now i want candy , i should eat pizza and candy .
i do know some people do you ?
it is very scary . there is a lot of hurricanes out there .
i am well . i want to buy a dragon, If only I could ride a dragon to work instead of a car.
where do you work ?
new york has the best nachos . i love them
oh i know , maybe ride the train sometimes
true but it beats sitting in traffic
oh , do you have any hobbies ?
i like basketball too and playing video games
hello i am fine , just need to cut down only eating
yes , you right , on top i have braces ,
clear ones , , do you have braces , when i eat there all types of color
wow , went extreme , i guess i could try something different
yes , that is how i am talking to you .
no , i am an artist and my three-ring binder has a special drawing
ponies are on my binder , and I can't think about eating meat . my ponies
i am doing good . do you have any pets ?
i like to play the playstation
what is your favorite food ?
i like everything except broccoli
what other hobbies do you have ?
I wish I could go hunting with my two dogs.
what do you do for work ?
yes i love technology !
hi , i am good thanks . just woke up not long ago . how about you ?
i do not have kids , but i have a very hyper dog here ! lol, if I could change one thing, I would love to live in a house close to the beach.
no , i am thinking about grabbing something on my way to work . do u work ?
i work at target . if i had kids tho , i would want to work from home too !
its a great place to work at too , plus its close enough to walk there
i live in california , was born here and lived here all my life . love it here !
what do you do ? i am an extra in the movies
i want to be a writer though . that is my passion, but if I could change one thing, I would love to pursue a career in music.
i am also someone who paints . i create lovely art .
do you have a sister or brother ? i have identical ones , two
i sing too ! i have won contests even !
what are you into ? are you a hunter ?
any other hobbies ? other interests ?
i am good . i speak two different languages .
that is nice that you are a teacher . i never finished high school, I wish I had completed high school to pursue my dream of becoming a translator.
i would like to be a teacher someday .
i do not have children yet . i spend my time reading .
that is nice that you read the bible . i would like to do that .
that is good . we both have been reading since a young age .
my favorite color is blue . i like purple as well .
other than read , not much . what do you do for fun ?
i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?
i should read more newspapers . i tend to stick with movies . If I had more energy, I would love to try new outdoor activities.
i do not have a lot of energy so i watch a lot of all types .
i also eat way too much fast food . that might help too .
rdoba is pretty good . i love mexican food in general
yeah , sort of like chipotle .
hey i am ok . i am just extremely tired right now
just been working a lot . been with the company for 7 years now and i am burnt out
financial advisor . i just sit at my desk and listen to my country station, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
that sounds way better lol i enjoy reading as well
i love to travel . but i do not do enough of it unfortunately
that is awesome . and confusing lol fl once a week for a week ? so you are there everyday . . . . haha
oh ok ahahah . no worries . whats your favorite food ?
i loooove me a good kale salad . i am vegan so
not bad watching the flash on the cw you ?
that is no good my friend moved to but at least the world still has butterflies
have you talked to anyone about it ?
sorry if i am typing slow my left hand is not good i can only use my right
i use to watch hockey a lot what's your favorite team ?
mine were the avalanche and the devils but i would not know any current players
it does not help summer ended either fall is depressing
very true i remember the day my friend moved
hey i would like to kayak , do you like it ?
that is great , i mostly like visiting museums
o okay , my spouse is 20 years older , who also loves museums
i am stay at home , so i mostly spend time with my sons , housework , i enjoy painting, but I wish I could go on more wine tours with my husband.
wow that is awesome , how long have you been teaching
now that is incredible , what do you do for fun
right right , what else do you do outdoors , to much wine for me haha
drinking a glass of wine while painting is something i love.
pretty good ! my name is , ironically , shelly . what about you ?
great ! we had perfect weather for horseback riding and i went to a cheese tasting . you ?
why not join a volunteer group ? we always need new volunteers at my non profit !
make your garden grow , its dedicated to helping children in impoverished areas !
no time like today ! what do you do for work ?
that sounds interesting . do you go out to eat often ?
oh , i love food , except shellfish . where have you traveled ?
i am ok . curious to try ruby chocolate .
not much . i usually watch the celtics play for fun, but if only I had more free time, I would watch more anime shows.
i am the pastry chef in a restaurant . i have made map cakes .
that is ok . i love walking with my cat in the park .
it depends on the cat . my older sisters are shocked my him .
do you have older siblings ?
that is nice . i have 6 sisters . we all live in chicago .
i am doing well , and you ?
i am named bob , like my favorite painter . bob ross . I wish I could paint like Bob Ross, my favorite artist. you ?
ya know i did not even see that . i can be a ditz
kind of like a spas , i am vegan though .
i am not in the army . i am an accountant
nope , it means i eat no animal parts or product
oh my ham is from pigs . do you have a job ?
that is good , ha ha . do you like hiking
hi it is going quit well thank you . and yours ?
oh , i forgot that was on tonight
yes i have . i have to be careful of the ingredients though
i have to watch out for ingredients that i might be allergic to
do you protein powder for a special diet
lifting is good exercise , i used to left but not anymore
yes i should that would be good for me .
hi there . . great to speak with you
ya , i am just hanging around my roommates . i have 3 of them .
i do not blame you ! i work close at a coffee shop .
bummer . both of my parents teach . one teaches nutrition
i am sure ! not my sister though , she loves grunge and is a band
of course it is !
hello there how was your walk . i need to get my gummy worms ! If only I could listen to music while enjoying my gummy worms.
yeah i can not get enough of them or tuna salad . do you read ?
that is awesome . i like sci fi what about music ?
oh wow your busy . i like rock opera genre you ?
i like that too . where do you live ?
i am in idaho starting to really get cold here but the colors are beautiful
are they long haired dogs ?
hi i am good . just came back from a workout an hour ago
today i focused primarily on my upper body but i also hit the treadmill
haha true . i am a professional sports car driver and in my spare time , a triathlete. I wish I could race in the Tour de France someday.
it is . nice , how is it so far ?
interesting , reminds me of life at home with my four daughters , never a dull moment
haha , its like that at times . but that goodness for board games
i get up at 4 am for work haha , on my down time i smoke, but if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to make time to visit Canada.
cool , i use to love dragon ball z , still do , just no time
work in a warehouse
my job is very physical , what you do for a living ?
that is pretty cool , i need to switch careers haha
well that is cool , at least you're around something you enjoy.
oh i am just checking through photos that i took and editing . you ?
oh my son has a soccer coach who is from london . what did you do there ?
that is funny . i take photos of many things . i want to become well known !
oh do you have anger issues ? i am sorry that you are easily bothered .
i would suggest cutting out the green beans in that case .
what show will you be watching ?
wow , i had a colleague go on that show . he won a little bit of money !
sure , i enjoyed talking with you .
great ! how are you today ?
tell me about it . been saving up to go racing again .
oh , do you own a plane ?
i do not either . i have always wanted to jump out of one though ! if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to never get into fights again.
no , just something i would like to try . i will one day .
thanks ! good luck with your finances as well .
i am doing great thanks ! how are you ?
good to hear ! sounds like fun !
clever boy then ! yes , i have two who are big into sports .
cool ! so what are your hobbies ?
i am a bookworm and a member of numerous book clubs ! If I had more free time, I would love to pursue my dream of designing clothes in Paris.
mostly fiction , but I do enjoy reading biographies too .
i like to read about fashion designers .
hi i am pretty good . my allergies are really acting up today, but if I didn't have allergies, I would love to live on a farm.
i live on a farm too , a pig farm .
no . i do not like animals at all . i would rather live in a city .
no i do not . do you ?
are you a vegetarian ? i am because of living on the pig farm .
i like to do research on different cities . you ?
that sounds fun and adventurous .
you should go to a tropical island and do it in the ocean .
well i was always raised to be a proper lady so yes . .
i have a large family soon 6 children so it takes a lot to tick me
i own a crocheting business on Etsy so i do not deal with workmates
my husband and I are agnostic so I have not been to church ever, but if I could, I would love to volunteer at a local animal shelter.
no, I foster cats so I do give back just I live in the country
yes, I did, but she passed away last year
well, none I had held as close or trusted like her.
going good man got some system of a down cranked . love em .
i go to every one i can . trying to get going in a local band .
mom got me started on piano at 6 but now one of 9 guitars
what do you do for a living ?
so you are freelancing now ?
kinda same as me . chill out , eat vegan and shred on guitar .
its tough but if i touched a burger again my girlfriend would kill me
when it comes to killing with vegans it is people before animals.
great how are you doing this morning ?
cool are you interested in basketball ?
never played myself but yes a big fan . you have a hobby ?
that is awesome , i also like gardening . if I could change one thing about myself, I would take up singing as a hobby.
i actually hate to shoot things i just like the outdoors .
journalist . do you have a big family ?
yeah i never got married so same situation . do you work ?
awesome ! favorite food you sell there ?
hi . i am good . taking care of my cats . you ?
nope just the 3 cats . how about you ?
how about any other family ?
nope . . . i am an only child and mostly just hang with friends, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have siblings to share my experiences with.
wow , pretty neat . i am not that in to cars . i save for travel
that must have been an exciting life
hi how are you
i am good
i am from ohio how about you ?
oh nice ! i have always wanted to go there
my husband is the same way , he promises to travel with me after he retires, but I wish I could travel the world with my former students after retirement.
whats your favorite thing to do there ?
i am not much of a runner but i love to walk
i am good thank you for asking , and you ?
that sounds fun ! i might watch a scary movie . i love them .
i love spooky things . i would own a black cat if i was not allergic .
yes , i wish i could own one ! do you have any hobbies ?
o wow ! i hope everything turns out ok . i enjoy playing the piano .
wow that must be a lot to deal with .
i understand , i am pretty old myself .
i do not trust myself around grass . accidentally started a forest fire , once .
when i used to live in california , as a kid , i went hiking with friends .
we were pretending we were on a quest , in the woods nearby our neighborhood .
ll ! actually , it was a dragon ! when it got dark , we wanted torches . . .
go ahead ! so , we got some sticks and an old lighter we would found on the ground and . . . well . . .
no , it did not . huge trouble . i was never allowed back there , and for good reason .
no , but it could have been worse than it was . we found help quickly . if only I could have worked on the radio as a character voice.
yes all the time since i retired .
i volunteer and help others when I can, but if I could travel back in time, I would pursue a career in fashion designing.
do you like pasta , i love making it
my farm is rural , i need a chopper to go grocery shopping .
you would love it , it is a good place to retire .
nice , i am an old lady i should learn to knit .
that is awesome what is your favorite food ?
i like making all sorts of pastas
you too , take care alright.
i am well , how about yourself ?
sounds fun , could you see the moon ? you can see it in the day too
oh , oh well . do you think the moon landing was real ?
i think it was faked, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would slow down my speech to be more deliberate
i dunno , people say i talk really fast so maybe it is my paranoia
i can be , how about you ?
i am a stenographer . what about you ?
my bestie loves them . she is a trans
good for you ! if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
i am writing a kpop music program for my school engineering project
yes i write programs that is what i love to do
yes stop that is not healthy
you can do anything you can . that is how I am getting through school
hey i am italian but moved to america when i was a teenager .
oh cool do you speak japanese then ?
oh woah triple threat i can only speak italian and english haha .
yeah ! cooking is a passion of mine , i do it all the time for my family
haha yeah shopping is also a commendable skill .
haha probably but if I had more free time, I would love to take cooking classes to enhance my skills.
i am wonderful how are you
I love to shop . i would like to sky dive
sometimes i get so mad i beat people up
its not but i will get what i want
i am great at being dishonest . love my job, but I wish I could overcome my bad habit of being dishonest.
driving a race car is awesome . you ?
i love trying on new clothes
yes you are right it is
i am good . how are you ?
i like swimming . i can actually jump straight up out of the water
no , but i am tall . both my parents are over 6 feet .
haha . who do you like to do ?
fun ! i really like fish . it is really all i eat
when i was younger i did
not really , just went with my dad then, if I were not a Democrat, I would probably have pursued a career in politics.
haha , my wife made me stop drinking . she is a nurse .
you got kicked out of the white house ?
haha , i may know who you are . my 2 kids are the same way .
well if you need a hideout . i have a place in the mountains . its great .
you should try baseball . it always gets my mind off things. I wish I could have played baseball professionally.
well if you want to play against someone let me know.
fine . i am on the spectrum autism
well , people do not know how to react , so i tell them whats up
like , i say i like Linkin Park , but cannot say why. I wish I could attend a Linkin Park concert someday.
people say i am quiet , they have seen me upset
thanks , i have not done anything since high school
would you get bored . when all your friends get promoted and such
going where ? ? ? you need a purpose no ?
you need to have a dual purpose then working out
i am , thank you . i am in chicago . are you safe ?
i have been watching that . its heart-wrenching to see all the devastation .
i have never been there . do you have any pets ?
too bad , i bet there are a lot of displaced pets from the fires, if only I could have pets, I would love to have a dog named Sparky!
flooding in the south , fires in the west . lets hope yellowstone does not erupt
that would be awesome ! i hope it all ends soon .
i will have to tell my mom that , she is touring there in the fall .
hi , i like various artists , but not pop music . i am an artist .
ugh . sorry , i do not like country , where do you live ?
so you were before , please tell me more ! !
being an extra is hard i understand , i hope you liked it .
i am an artist , but it is still very hard . . . especially in LA
I have lots of money , for no reason , but nothing makes me happy. I wish I could reveal my lottery win to provide for my wife and change her opinion of me.
i have no animals , i am in a bad relationship
i am good but been better car broke down if only I could fix my car myself, I would feel more independent.
i like to work out almost every day
yes but my real love is rugby
fish sticks are good i suppose
working out and playing rugby and you ?
those sound like a lot of fun
i too enjoy traveling that is so cool
good morning from wind blown and flooded florida
we are ok lost a bunch of trees on my property so clean up
yes everybody shares them with news stations here and becomes florida famous .
there are four of us we were going to drive to north carolina next week, but i wish I could travel like you and attend NYU.
my uncle lives there , i always stay in hotel with a bar to watch ufc fights .
i am smack dab in the middle of five kids and have two .
we probably wo not get away too much cleanup and such and mess .
thanks , the song easy street just came up on my phone.
that is impressive . i have a craving for pizza puffs and barbeque sandwiches .
great ! my nickname is jay and i am 19 years old . do you have hobbies ?
sure , if i can bring my imaginary friends . we hang out . if only I could join a band with PNB Rock and Miley Cyrus.
yes . pnb rock and miley cyrus live down the street . do you watch tv ?
i bet . i imagine we watch tv . tom and jerry is the best show ever .
that is a lot of tacos .
that is awesome . my imaginary friends would approve .
sure . i could use a job so i can buy more pizza puffs and barbeque sandwiches .
i am fantastic . my lord beshusan has blessed me with another day .
my day is almost over now . what did you do today ?
oh what happened ? i do not know what i would do if my puppies got sick .
have you considered , maybe he is possessed ?
yes ! i have seen many ghosts in my lifetime .
you never know . i once witnessed my corvette start on its own .
I wish I could celebrate holidays with my family, even though I have my own personal religion.
what can you not drive ? i hope you did not get hurt .
sorry to hear that . i hate my parents . they will not let me drive yet .
lucky you have your mom . i write in my journal every day.
i have a job helping with horses too .
books are great , do you think ?
i wanted to sleep in today but did not get a chance .
do you have brothers and sisters also ?
i have two sisters and they are older than me . i am the youngest . if only I could find where I truly belong.
pretty good and yourself ?
my wife likes documentaries . what is this one about ?
sounds interesting . makes me think of travel and learning about new cultures . i enjoy both .
I went with some military buddies to visit the Philippines . good times .
how come ? is it that you do not have the time to travel ?
i understand . my wife has a handicap . happened the second year of our marriage . If I could go back in time, I would choose a career in archaeology to explore ancient civilizations.
she is . we make it work . have been for 20 years .
you will . i am sure . my wife and I met at a sports bar watching football .
it could be because i make bagels, but if I had pursued a career in art, I might have become a successful painter by now.
they have the inspirational taste of my like to paint outside and cartography
actually a cartographer , arm wrestle and paint anything outside . being tall nice !
are you a current nurse ? i used to be a nurse
how wonderfully sweet , helping heal people can be rewarding
that is great we always need good people in the force , how many years ?
17 years , made food goods , entertained the community i took care of
it can be rewarding take in all the knowledge you can and be smart
pretty good . just finished a delicious tuna fish salad
nina with the green eyes ; If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have blue eyes like my grandma.
thank you . by the way , do you like rock and roll ?
nice the only cardio i get is my nerdy sci fi space games though .
i envy you . its hard for me to get motivated to work out
i would love to but its kind of hard to escape law school
yes and the first year is horrible . i used to love to read but no more !
i am from los angeles originally
hi there . i like to watch movies especially the last of the mohicans
what do you do for a living ?
oh that is exciting . unfortunately i did not graduate from college, if I had finished college, I might have pursued a career in music like my mother.
they are okay . my mom taught music so i like music a lot .
that is cool ! what is your family like ?
i had an interesting childhood too , since my dad worked as a preacher
i was just under constant observation . i could not get away with anything
why do you believe that ?
hi , i chase lizards , mangoes keep me regular and i love snorkeling . you ?
chill out huh ? i like gary numan music . you ?
we own a private island . i use apple products only . you sing ?
yes i do ! you snorkel ? i do . mangoes taste like peaches .
hmmm . you dance ? other products do not compare to apple.
oh okay . what is your fave thing to do . i love mangoes . you ?
get out ! me too ! you ever met gary numan ?
i am watching ice hockey to learn more moves . i want to go pro .
you must like cartoons . i love tom and jerry .
i love bollywood movies . it good to see live other than here in the usa
wow that is something . i am going to india for my high school trip soon
its our boys hockey team . e made the world hich school boys finals
yes i cant with . i have to study my math first befor i go . i love math
its not hard at all it takes concentration . tell me more about you, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would focus more on painting and less on math.
how old were you then ?
i am good , thank you . how are you ?
i am at work , eating candy . what are you doing ?
sounds very relaxing . i have school after this .
yes , part time only .
i have a crush on a guy i work with , he makes me nervous, if I weren't so shy, I would ask him out for coffee.
i do not want to ruin our work relationship .
he is a gentleman . he is always very polite.
they are okay . they do not judge me so i like that . everyone else judges
not as much as every food i see
not much into broadway . everyone is so pretty and thin unlike me
i feel that way . i need to feel better , prettier, if only I could see myself the way my children see me.
i do not . i stay home with my children
they are in high school , public . no way would i be able to homeschool
15 and 17 , two boys sooo fun
some days are better than others . wild ones
hi i am jack and i love xbox and halo
hi todd i sing about bacon in the shower
they think i take my job too seriously
i get to work on my moped its a no kill shelter, but if only I could drive a sports car instead of a moped.
i do not do well with people its hard to look people in the eye
i fear they judge me hence i am last in cold showers at the gym
its at my complex so not as big as the regular gym
it is my only escape other than video games from my grandmother.
good morning ! i am having coffee . how is your morning ?
my mother teaches in the city , some of her students play baseball .
math and music . she taught me to play bass , which i really like .
i work out every day , and try to go fishing as much as i can .
i wish ! that would be nice . do you have a favorite food ? what is yours ?
mine is cheeseburgers . with extra pickles . yum !
same to you ! it was a pleasure .
a little tired due to my iron deficiency and unrequited love with adam levine, if only I could get over my unrequited love for Adam Levine.
is that a vegetable ? i like eating kale
no , but my two cats love them !
oh , my two kids do not like anything . they hate everything .
do you think adam levine likes kale ?
i bet he eat a lot of iron in his diet .
do you think if i became a vegetarian he would fall in love with me ?
hi i am nick , i like that show too
too bad , i like pickles , it contrasts nicely with my red hair .
nice ! do you also have a scooter ? ?
too bad , i like to ride mine with all my friends
it might one of my many friends may have one to call, but if I could change one thing, I wish I had more time to read books.
nice . black is good . what else do you like ?
yeah , i am pretty basic
as long as I have got my scooter , I am a happy nick
hello ? i do not work , but i do like to play a lot of video games !
i do not have many dreams . but i do have two turtles, but if I didn't have my turtles, I would love to have a pet parrot.
that is a tough job ! i love the movie gone with the wind !
i love my turtles , do you have a favorite color ? mine is red
i am not allergic to anything . what color is your hair ? my hair is purple !
lactose intolerant ? that sounds awful ! i could not do it .
i am so sorry ! that really would be hard to do . i love ice cream too much !
i totally forgot that they made those ! i have had coconut milk ice cream before !
hello , how are you ? and no i do not
the way those hurricanes been hitting i would not want a home near there
cool . that is one of my places to visit one day
cool that is great ! do you have pets ? before i die , i want to skydive, maybe even in the desert.
i do not have any pets either
yes i have on tv once
yeah its pretty cool to watch
jazz , rap , r b and reggae
i am doing well , how are you ? are you a surfer too ?
in florida , i live right on the water .
those are wonderful too , i love my beach . i read out there all the time .
i agree . if I could have any animal as a pet, it would be a panda. I am going to open up a juice bar next summer .
that sounds interesting , why not alaska ?
i am experimenting with apple blends right now .
we have apples here in america , i do not want to import fruit .
there are a lot of orchards near me , eight in a three mile radius .
i have not had dinner yet . that sounds delicious though . do you like music ?
i love rock and roll . another hobby of mine is skiing
hiking is always good . since i was born in russia , i enjoy snow
same for me with skiing , music , and travelling . what do you do for a living ?
i go to business school, but If I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career in music instead of business.
that is a shame , i hope that changes . i have lost contact with my family .
it is difficult , but i hope that it will help me find a good career
i am great , i am baking cookies ! how are you ?
that is really nice . we went riding on our horses today , do you ride ?
that is so nice ! we picked our roses today from our garden .
i do not work . i just bake and take care of my kids . . . you ?
my mother was a teacher , i wish that maybe i had taught .
i did not do well in algebra , but its all good .
hi . i am from wisconsin . do you like pets ?
wow cool . chickens are about my size . the color of mud is my hair .
a chicken mama is taller than a baby chicken .
mmm . i am not a crazy lady at home but i do have 1 pet opposite of dog
yes . ll , that is an exhilarating experience for a feline mammal. I wish I could own a farm with a variety of animals, including some exotic ones like peacocks.
no i am stoner dude 21 going to college
indeed . i also participate in elderly clothes making activities
good . how are you doing tonight ?
i take it you did not have the special glasses ?
you might want to go see a doctor .
hey , you only get one set of eyes . whats dinner tonight ?
i am thinking about having mexican or italian .
not so much . prefer being indoors shopping, but I wish I had danced more often when I was younger.
hi
my family from Italy but i live in America . how about you ?
i work for a financial company. I wish I had pursued my passion for art instead of finance. Do you have a favorite color?
i use watercolors to paint and i love the color blue
is there anything you really hate ? i cannot stand cleaning
what do you do for a living ?
any hobbies ?
is rock your favorite kind of music ?
how are you doing ? good i hope
cool . i love grocery shopping . what do you do for fun ?
i just graduated college, but If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have pursued a career in music.
music . i love all kinds of music .
i am a vegetarian strictly .
since birth . my parents were
i want to do detective work . going to grad school i hope .
thanks ! do you like dogs
hello . great , i am listening to my favorite band vv nation .
that is cool . do you have a favorite tv show ?
oh , my job is at the railroad but i still have time to watch star trek .
yes , me and my pet like snacking on pretzels when we watch tv shows . If I could, I would have a pet cat instead of a dog.
yeah , maybe i should stop feeding them to him .
not too much . i really like trains since i work on the railroad . you ?
wow . that sounds awesome and fast !
that is not good . maybe try cruise control .
my day is going swell . how about you ?
that sounds tiring . art doesn't ever wear me out . hobbies ?
what is your secret ? can you tell me ?
i like spending quality time with my tiny kitty, but I wish I could pursue my dream of becoming a professional artist.
ya meat is great , but i would never eat my cat .
i hang out with friends in my little NY app . you ?
i eat ice cream sometimes . . .
i am still in college , going to be a lawyer one day .
what is your favorite season ? i love summer, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to run as fast as the Flash.
tell me something about yourself .
oh , i have a boyfriend i love .
we have been together almost a year .
i sure hope so ! how long have you been married ?
maybe get some butterflies . they help me chill out .
oh . my grandfather was a truck driver .
it is going good , i work every Friday because i work as an international business man .
that is great , do you like your job ?
that is great , i love animals . do you know any languages ?
i love to read too , I know over 300 languages , some say I am a genius, but if I had the chance, I would love to meet my parents one day.
sometimes I usually really only watch documentaries .
I own a creepy mansion that reminds me of a horror movie
i enjoy Stephen King as well , have you seen the newest movie based on his books?
hi , i completely understand , i am the same way haha
i love pop , r b , oldies , pretty much everything but country , what about you ?
i do not listen to them much , i am more into motown
yesses , they were amazing , i also love the five heartbeats
www , that is adorable , probably saying pay attention to me , human haha
lol , food is life haha
www , darn , i think i am allergic to whatever they put on apples . .
i know right , well it was nice talking to you
great ! i just had a big salad after hiking all day . you ?
i prefer the warmer months but love all nature .
upstate new york . people think the state is nothing but city but it is not .
there sure are ! bright reds , vibrant yellows and orange .
i spend most of my time outside , especially now that i am divorced, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in the mountains surrounded by nature.
they are alright . i prefer edm .
i mean , out of everyone it would be radiohead .
what ! ? i have been obsessed with them forever .
i do , my youngest is an upcoming artist , she did a lovely painting of our cat , kj, but i wish I had pursued a career in art instead of finance.
my husband was in sales for a very long time , now he is a stockbroker .
i do not mind it , we are always moving so i like to make memories .
he seems to think so . i do not work outside the home .
i am an american , my family came here in the 1600s
i am and my family kept very good records , my parents still live on the property .
no , i do not . i do have survey charts .
surveys of the land and town .
pretty good , thanks for asking
trying to find a good book to read tonight . . do you have any suggestions ?
a mystery would be a welcome change .
i usually read books that take place at sea . . with sharks .
so what do you do ?
yep nature is pretty awesome . the complexity of everything can humble a person .
i really love dancing , I wish I could dance with sharks instead of instructing couples for their weddings.
i am very well , thank you . how old are you ?
i am 21 , and i am training to be an artist in school . it is black, but if I had chosen a different path, I might have pursued veterinary medicine instead of art.
no . i prefer gardening . rose is my favorite flower .
just a small pet cat . you have cats ?
donald . he is so cute !
he is just under a year old . how big are your dogs ?
neat . i am sure they are so much fun !
my cat just sits at home , but i love him to bits .
brown . i see few blonde people at that age at my hospital , you have good genes.
i do too , i had to buy a 12 bedroom house .
you can use it when i am on my boat when i am on vacation at the beach, but if I could change one thing about my home, I would add a rooftop terrace for hosting parties.
as a doctor this sounds like a serious issue . but i am sure it can support you
of course , its nearly as large as my huge hospital .
not close enough to the beach haha , where do you live ?
i hear it gets expensive up there , but it does have a nice boating community.
my favorite super hero is batman
cool , i was thinking the same thing . we are so alike, but if I were to do a superhero marathon, I'd choose Spiderman as my favorite superhero.
i do not have a car , i ride a bike or my unicycle
is that your preferred brand of automobiles ?
no , as a matter of fact i do not . i see no need for it
my favorite soda is dr . pepper , what about you
hey , my grandma loves drinking pepsi . please tell me whats so great about it
lol , you should try doing a pepsi commercial
fine , what are you up to today ?
i was watching hockey , it is my favorite .
no , just watch , i also like yoga as my exercise .
anyone can do it , you just have to try and keep trying .
now that sounds like a goal , and i want to be a millionaire .
there is always hope , i never thought i could go vegan and i did .
one could only wish , i do all the time .
i understand . i would like a house since i own a condo now
do you live in canada ? i have never been there, but I wish I could travel to Canada to experience the art scene there.
my day consists of getting up at 4am and going to a dead end job
do you have a favorite food ? mine is steak .
nice . do you like music ? opera is the only thing i listen to .
that is interesting . is being a vegan hard ?
oh no ! what do you write ?
interesting . have you published anything ?
good question just taking it easy listening to some blues music
cool , what are you studying ?
really , that is sound like a lucrative job
haha that's funny , you really know your stuff
i am a translator , i speak English and Spanish, but if I could choose another career path, it would be to pursue music professionally.
I lived in Germany mixed with Puerto Rican and Chinese
yeah listen to blues music and Prince
well but you are doing something you love and making money.
where is the game at ?
as a soccer mom , i have to take my kids to all the games .
wow , i do actually ! i love eating too . we do a big todo when got comes on .
i hear ya . we will be doing baked potatoes today with the hurricane coming .
we will . its hard getting prepared . . . . not feeling pretty today ll but i wish I could feel desired and beautiful every day.
i appreciate that . anything helps .
true . . . . . it just feels like it . . . . . the white walkers are comin up from miami !
hey jessica , do you play any instruments ?
what kind of video games ?
ah ha , i play games with my 10-year-old , but for myself, I enjoy the piano, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music right after high school.
it is a beautiful instrument , i would love to retire and become a music teacher .
canada is a lovely , i would love to live there . maybe I could do both !
no pets currently . my son is allergic . maybe later in life
it is ok , we do other things like go to the park or zoo.
it is night time here now
wow , you are up too late
oh , maybe you should eat ice cream
i need to make some money
oh sure , i love coffee
you know , i have never seen snow, but I wish I could see a live Iron Maiden concert someday.
i have been very sheltered
thank you . i am moving to tn . in spring so fingers crossed
yes same here . thank you
awesome . just sitting here listening to some stones . how are you ?
dd ? what is that ? i like to play the guitar myself .
i have heard of it . never played though . busy with guitar , haha .
i can see that happening . are you in school ?
me either . my mom was a nurse so i have a job at the hospital, but if I had pursued a career in music instead of working in the parking lot.
listen to music mostly . not interesting , i work in the parking lot . 8 years now .
what do you keep yourself busy with ? besides dd i mean .
friends are good . i mostly hang with my two dogs .
i am good how about yourself ?
well that sounds like fun , would love to take a run up there, but I wish I could join a rock band and perform on stage.
are you tall or short i am 6ft . tall .
you play the music and i will dance the night away lol
they are ok , like hip hop more .
what genre do you like
i like those to . do you have pets ?
that is fantastic . i studied business administration in community college .
i studied lots of stuff . it is a very applicable major .
i own my own business , a salon . also , my hair is purple, but if I didn't live on a boat, I would love to have a garden at home.
kids like purple though . are you married ? i am a newlywed .
a little over six years now . we have a houseboat together .
no , actually i run my business from the boat . it is a popular place .
the salon on our ship is the size of an end zone on a football field .
tell me something about yourself .
real real tired you ? i mean tired, I wish I could pursue my passion for acting like you
really ? famous in where ? acting ?
really ? which ones ? i do nothing not in years
you just said that already but okay
so you just going to say the same ?
so you was really just doing that ?
play games in the arcade like linkin park ?
yes with the perfect weather it is nice
going good but it's so hard getting up early in the morning
that sounds fun i usually stay home to take care of my brother
that is so cool where at
that cool my therapist told me i should do something like that
i agree i just need to learn how to be happy, but sometimes I wish I didn't have to wake up in the morning.
that sounds relaxing , that and some juice sounds good
i am so envy , teach me how to be content with life !
hi ! i m good . i just got home from my daily run and am relaxing now .
reading is great . i also like watching basketball to unwind . do you like sports ?
what are you studying in school ?
nice , that s impressive ! and where are you working currently ?
good for you ! do you live in the u . s . ?
that s a very admirable goal i live near ontario but i visit america regularly, if I could run with any team, it would be the Boston Celtics.
hi there ! i am a musician !
i love classical music what about you ?
i love to cook ! especially from my own home grown food !
i do not have any kids but i love to teach kids and give instrument lessons !
yeah i am . what do you do ?
do you like to do anything for fun ?
very cool . i am sure you are a great parent !
are your kids interested in music ? I wish I could travel the world playing my music.
no clue , mine has not been going too well either
what is wiccan ? i have not heard of it before
oh i take it you have a religious family
we are in the exact opposite situation then haha
my mother in law is sadly
yes ! she gets pissed if me or my boyfriend disagrees with her on it, i wish I could bring my cats to work with me.
it is and they would argue all night lol
well nice talking to you
i do love traveling ! where are you from ?
i am from ny as well ! what do you do for a living ?
that must be nice . i am currently a programmer so that keeps me busy .
yeah it can be . sometimes i enjoy it sometimes i do not .
no upstate new york . toward kings point . how about you ?
that is where my biological father is from ! we do not speak much though . I wish I had a better relationship with my biological father.
yeah , i have a step father but he ignored me so growing up was ok .
i am pretty bored today , being nostalgic .
do you want to talk about my life ?
i like to travel . i have been up north to toronto twice .
what did you do for work ?
I wish I had the chance to work on fish boats in Florida like my uncle.
it was not for anything bad , it was for national ice cream day .
i have not ever had that . i wonder if it sucks
chillin in my sweet studio apartment , listening to Beatles . you ?
rich and humble ? ! what a catch
heck yes i am ! i am studying to be a nurse . so i will be making bank too, if only I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional musician.
i will be keeping my nose clean
shoooooot ! what is that ? basketball or some weird Harry Potter thing ?
that is a sweet skill to have . bet you get tons of babes
that is cool . but do you have any skills that count ? like bow staff or magic ?
that is not a survival skill
i was once a hostile witness . i killed the case . you run ?
chicken wings are our friends . you eat steak ?
i think i love ny . do you ?
i left my husband because he performed spells . you do not do spells right ?
you sing ? i am a runner . you ?
i practice law . someone killed barbie . you like dancing ?
i do not have eyes . you draw or paint ?
never better . how are you ?
perhaps you should consider something healthier . i prefer avocado toast .
i do not . beautiful language , though .
a spanish speaking chef ! what other secrets are you hiding ?
the secret to immortal life ! only kidding . or am i ? if only I could breathe underwater like a fish.
what an exciting morning for you . tell me . do you like diving ?
oh , lots of things . bicycle , car , boat , plane . i build them myself .
hello , i like pretty much anything . . as i live in my car . I often dream of traveling the world in a camper van.
i have never heard of them . my tech company has safe parking and my car is expensive .
i like it like this . i left college and have not looked back .
then you understand . i am a romantic , and going with the flow .
plenty time to commit . for now , it's all about fun
when i settle down , i am going to work with rescue dogs .
i do not have one any longer , i do miss her .
www . one lived next door when i was young . he was such a good dog .
i was just taking a break , playing games before studying .
where would you move to ?
same . mine are so oblivious they do not even know I am gay, if I could, I would tell my parents about being gay.
i have , i am a masculine guy so i do not fit a stereotype for them .
my friends all know and accept me thank goodness . you have any hobbies ?
no problem i understood . i love music . punk and american psychos are faves .
you should check out american psychos . they are from texas .
love that show though i cannot relate to the nerds since i am a jock .
i am not much of a baker but i love to cook
i like to cook italian food and then i run to burn off the calories .
yes one sister and we are super competitive . i have more trophies than her though .
mainly track . i have over 100 trophies from when i was a kid .
ha yes . what other hobbies do you have ?
i like to sing but i do not often perform in public, if I could, I would love to perform on stage in front of a large audience.
ha no but i do love watching the voice.
i am ok , i am pretty vein the way i look at times, but I wish I could perform on stage with a rock band.
i like vegan food . i have this thought that people are looking at me.
i often check my reflection in the mirror.
i always shop online .
that sounds pretty cool what do you do online ?
that sounds quite interesting tell me more .
what kind of guitar do you own ?
of course , i totally understand.
i am doing fine and you ?
fun ! what part of europe ?
size does not matter ! i am working with a magazine company and i am size 18
watch out for sea sickness ! whats your fav color ?
nice ! mines is yellow ! If I could choose any color for my workout gear, it would be yellow, like the sun. hehe
exotic ! i work out but never have a specific color i wear
that can be exciting . i just came back from vacationing in london .
oh , you cannot handle being without country music , huh ?
you could just have the radio on , like I always watch game shows on the tv .
okay , do you cook ? i love all kinds of food except green beans .
I like steak . I get bothered by going to busy restaurants though so I stay home .
I agree , plus it leaves me more time for my religious studies , if I could change one thing about myself, I would try to be more patient.
there is always more to learn , right ? especially about god .
good just got in from driving my jag . . very cool car
i am an elderly man and do not have many family members that I really do not like, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
no i have not but i do enjoy going to bars
i exercise and eat healthy
i love sweet potatoes especially around thanksgiving
yes been married 40 years and 1 daughter
i have a cat named radar
that is exciting . i grew up near a beach in new hampshire .
very interesting . i am a dance teacher and i love dancing .
makes sense . i get all of my hobbies done at school . like reading history books. I wish I could travel to Mexico to learn authentic Mexican cooking.
i like cook books . my favorite are mexican food cook books .
i would say orange . i like blue as well .
mostly dancing ! i could dane to your singing .
we would do really well !
well i am still in new hampshire !
very well , thank you and you ?
great , just studying at the moment . i will be graduating this month !
teaching ! i hope to find a job soon . it is hard now that school started, If I hadn't pursued teaching, I might have joined my brother's metal band and traveled the world.
wow ! do you ever work with children who just migrated to america ?
that is still cool . i came to america when i was five
i sure do ! i have a brother . do you have any siblings ?
i drive my own hearse on halloween it is my favorite holiday
when i drop off the kids to get candy i listen to alternative rock
do you have any hobbies because i am an employee at a craft store
i buy a lot of yarn because i am into the art of crochet
i like to turn up my rock and drive my hearse very fast
i crochet linings for insides of coffins
i am not young i am 78 , but still feel like i am 25
i am great actually just got my nails done . how are you ?
i work at a salon i am a hairstylist . you ?
no fun if you are an active person . do you like to hike or play any sports ?
no i just have cats and I pickle eggs as a hobby. If I could, I would adopt a rescue dog to join my cats.
no i just spend my down time playing volleyball .
yeah all the time i have a pass . i take long hikes there .
i am good . i am getting married so i am very busy .
surf and turf . two of my favorite foods , steak and lobster .
wedding cake of course . have you never been to a wedding ?
12 layer marble cake with vanilla cream cheese frosting .
shellfish allergy ? i once wrote an article about shellfish allergies .
gross ! how do you wipe ? you do not have to answer that . If I wasn't a freelance writer, I would be a metal musician.
yummy ! my boyfriend bought me a caramel apple on our first date.
person amazing , i have a tone body , son gets strait as , and my collection of video games
i used to be a dude but got that changed up real nice ! If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have pursued a career in the military.
its ok , i get a lot a grief for it at the warehouse i work in .
you should come out me and my wife and enjoy a long Sunday drive .
ew , gross get to a doctor sicko and forget about the drive
well you are sick and sick people see doctors
nope me and my wife will enjoy ourselves, maybe I will bring my boy to watch.
noah here . i love tacos and sunday movies .
that is funny . ll . i have nightmares where i scream out loud .
sure ! i have a cat named wiggles .
no . but i chew gum after i have eaten beef tacos . any pets ?
i am not sorry because i did not know your cat . i do like folk music though .
no but i can recite movie scripts in my sleep on sundays .
whats pretty sick ? my favorite movie in yenta .
actually i do and it is painting nails wall decor anything with, but I wish I could paint a mural with my kids someday.
i used to love playing that sport actually when i was a teenager
nail technician would not trade it for the world
i have 3 daughters who loves abstract nails
so what kind of work do you do
my daughter said she wanted to be a nail technician like mine as well
yes mine is definitely will grace
yes it is i like the fact that it left a couple of seasons and came back
hi , my name is mary . how about you ?
very good . how about you ? i live in us . how about you ?
i run my own business, but if I could choose any other business to own, I would pick a coffee shop in Paris.
i love travelling and a foodie
i love sushi and watch tv
i like friends show a lot . how about you ? what are all your interests ?
i like to timeshare in mexico
my home in california . i clerk at target .
i love movies and i am almost six feet tall .
hmmm . i buy dog biscuits every day . you own a dog ?
great ! you ever been to california ?
oh okay . you sing or play an instrument ?
get out ! me too ! you recorded anything public ?
if I had pursued my childhood dream, I would have been a professional musician by now.
wow ! seen any good movies ?
hey there , nice to meet you . whats happening tomorrow ?
awesome , since i work at home i do not get outside much , must be nice .
interesting ! maybe i can learn a thing or two and teach my cheerleaders some skills .
how funny i was watching him last night while i made my family dinner !
i read to my kids each night they love it .
let me guess the harry potter series ?
lucky , which one is your favorite ?
um . . . they are too good for me to decide between them . . .
anyone feel like going for a walk ? i like to walk for miles along trails .
yes . i finished all my chores today on my farm .
do you have more than one ? i have three siblings . i am the youngest .
did you go to college before having a child . i did . i wasted years .
a hydroponic farm to grow bean shoots .
it is cool . and doable since i only have one arm after a car accident .
i get a lot of hiking in to compensate . I wish I could go hiking more often in the mountains.
my older brother plays keyboards in a band .
wow that is so interesting . do you work ? have any hobbies ?
you should take up surfing it will really mellow you out bro, if I weren't working at a bar, I would love to travel the world and surf in different countries.
that sucks i am a virile young man . very fit
have you ever thought about swerving into someone . calling it an accident ?
i am sorry to hear that i get along with most people . kind of shy though
why ? did you screw you over or abuse you ?
yeah . probably not . you sound like you would not be fun to hang out with
wow that would be good , i am an avid movie attendee and love candy and popcorn, but I wish I could travel the world and attend movie premieres.
i like all kinds , i have a big friend group and we love to go together .
congrats ! it is just me for now
i am in a book club where hopefully i can meet someone special
that is a fast car ! i love driving through the country
a convertible but nothing fancy
not much exciting to tell , i am a book worm who likes cars . not much to me !
good just got home from jogging .
no , but i give blood ! every single month . it is for my sister who passed .
she was hit by a car . the hospital did not have enough blood .
it is , so i donate to make sure i do my part .
thanks i just do not want another to feel helpless .
thank you , if only i could have helped my sister .
thank you , have any fun hobbies ?
i love pets i have 2 dogs myself
would you be able to watch my dogs ? i have a weird combination
its a chihuahua and pitbull , i work 3 jobs and have no time, but I wish I could take a break from my busy schedule and travel the world.
i love weird hair colors . maybe we can meet up and go to movies ?
i am sorry about your loss . what do you do for hobby ?
i love going to movies , i love cards . my favorite is ford mustang
i also walk more than 2 miles a day between my 3 jobs
that is true , especially in this economy
i am well , thank you . how are you ?
oh , that sounds good ! i go to nyu . i am a freshman .
no , but i have a hobby . i love photography ! I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
i would not say ample , but some . whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .
art like my father . we are passionate about it . i am the baby of the family .
yes , i would say so . i have got two brothers , who are older . they are artistic as well .
that sounds interesting . do you like it ?
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well, but if I had the chance, I would love to have a parrot as a pet.
i have a lot of animals . 4 to be exact .
i like fruit . i also cannot whistle . i have dogs .
i do . but , i spend most of my time doing other things
i like to play magic the gathering
what do you like to do ? i have not been there
i do not eat meat . i love jello .
i love the blue flavor
i am doing well . i am perusing my law degree . and you ?
cool . yeah , i attended college once already . never finished though .
yeah , being the youngest of 3 siblings i have to stand out .
interesting . i am not good at manual work . i do play tennis though
too many to name . what about you ?
i love popcorn . used to stop after school in chicago . they had the best .
should not be . you could take a trip to chicago . i like traveling, but I wish I had more time to explore different theme parks around the world.
that is exciting . i have only been a couple times .
not much enjoying the sunset how are u
i live in malibu california on a beach front
sports are fine to me just food is hard to find near the game
due to recent medical complications i do not do red meat, but I wish I could enjoy a juicy steak by the beach at sunset.
i feel bad for kenny some episodes my hair is curly like the jewish boy but brown
yes i always have music when i stretch before my surf
i surf just for fun and howard of killswitch he speaks to my soul
good thank you for asking .
i enjoy riding my motorcycle , and you ?
that sounds exciting .
so do i , i just wish i had a harley .
saving some money . i took a job cleaning gutter this past week .
some what . what do you do for work ?
that sounds fun . i sit at my computer for hours . boring lifestyle compared to a comic
where do you get your inspiration ?
i watch foreign tv and movies and enjoy the cultures . wondered if you had traveled .
me either . i would love to though and speak another language . my life is boring . If only I could travel and immerse myself in different cultures like you do.
i am sorry ! what else do you enjoy ?
cool ! i need to get out in the community more instead of being at my computer .
for work i guess . boring lifestyle
oh ! well , i do watch a lot of a foreign tv shows
i love to make people smile , and they think i am a liar
how skinny are your fingers ? can i film your fingers ? i am obsessed with this hobby .
thank you for your understanding , i do not like death related ideas
if i eat a shrimp it will remind me of how the shrimp die
ok , do you have a smile now ? it means a lot to me if you do !
no i am not , because i want to make people smile !
that is why people think i am crazy but at least they worry about me
no , i do not . i like photography . are you a baker ?
was it for a special occasion ?
that is cool . do you need a photographer ?
well i am available . if I could change one thing about my photography, I would switch to using vintage film cameras.
i do mostly weddings but elegant or upscale parties too .
what was your performance ? are you a singer ?
that sounds awesome . i could photograph you too .
that is great . how long have you been dancing ?
hello ! i am anne
busy , as usual . how was yours ?
it ! that sounds interesting . i deal with french fries every day .
the family business . lol
is bicycling a sport ? i love my hand pedal bike .
that it is . if I had pursued my passion for designing french fries, I would have opened my own gourmet fry shop by now.
i am wonderful how are you
desert sounds boring but i would take my cat, if only I could paint like you, that would be a dream come true.
my eyes are blue any my hair is dark brown you ?
awesome we are twins . i workout also
me too and game of thrones is so good
yes it is and wentworth too
yes and its like orange is the new black
yes and then you can thank me later ahahah
i am great . i have been whittling all weekend so that makes for good downtime !
i do not get mcdonalds often because of my job
i am in the navy . you have a lot on your hands !
i do not have siblings at all . just a degree in communication
what kind of music do you like ?
i like folk music cause . . that is normal in the navy apparently . . . but I wish I could attend a metal concert with you.
just cutting up sticks ! clearly boat life has limited me or something.
yes i am . i am a tall night owl
i loved hiking . unfortunately , recently i had to undergo knee surgery .
thank you . i was wanting to play basketball overseas, If I could play basketball overseas, I would love to play for the Lakers.
i am . i just happened to be 4 inches taller than him
he is an awesome player . have you gone to college ?
well , that is a big change . i just graduated
i am not going to give up playing basketball once i am healed
just got off work at the deli . its time to chill with my guitar . I wish I had more time to practice guitar like I used to.
i am still learning , working on basic chords right now , but i love Jim Hendrix .
just a couple months . it took me a while to save up and get lessons .
thanks . so what are your hobbies ? i like to fish when not practicing or working .
nerds are cool in their own way . so are you a Star Wars or Star Trek fan ?
oh yeah . my dad grew up on those and shared them with me .
i am a high school student , but i cannot wait to get a job .
i would like to become an engineer .
what do you do for a living ?
i used to play basketball with my friend often .
my dad would never let me do that !
history . i dislike school it is too monotonous .
yes , but school will not pay for the things that i need .
no , just school . cannot wait to finish and move out !
hi , i am good . my little boy is named owen . keeping me busy .
cats make me sneeze something terrible . but some people just love them .
i know . my dog thinks they are delicious , lol . just got my nails done . . . I used to travel the world for beauty pageants.
i will not either promise . unfortunately my dog often does as he pleases , lol .
most dogs are cool , you are right . hubby getting home soon . . . lawyers , yikes !
lawyers always lie . what are you talking about ? he will not recognize truth .
yeah , tell me about it . but what to do ? difficult to divorce a lawyer !
happy for you ! no need worry about me . son and dog are saviors !
hey there are you working ?
why ? my dad was strict also . glad i am an adult now .
i use to drink a lot , so bad i had to get help . do not be that guy .
If I hadn't overcome my drinking problem, I would have never been able to help my dad.
what happened with your mom ? i use to write for the paper .
i am a part of the beard gang
we live in a nice condo , she lives next door to me .
hello , i am good how are you ?
interesting , i like to take care of animals .
i like treasures just like i like Snoop Dog .
i have a joke , i finished school ten years ago . do you have jokes ?
i have a pickup kind of like Fred !
yes , especially when they sing !
yes , do you like the singing ? i wish I could rap like Snoop Dogg.
i like to have a good rhythm .
great . how was yours ?
sounds like fun . wish i did not have to go back to work tomorrow .
at least i am lucky to have weekends off
that is cool . kind of get to make your own hours ?
i work at office depot . boring .
i am from the planet earth
i will be here all week . well , actually i wo not .
i already told you that
i am good . finishing up some homework for community college . how are you ?
cool . do you like to sing ? these days i am reading during my off hours .
high school ? i just graduated . i work at a gift shop at a hospital .
not really . i am more of a bookworm .
thanks . i love fantasy and sci fi . i am also a blackbelt in pasta eating .
ll . noodles are just cheap , and going to college while working is expensive .
i have one through a program at the hospital where i work, but I wish I could attend a prestigious university known for its creative writing program.
maybe you can win some money in karate at a competition or something ?
i go part time , have to work . what are you studying ?
i eat pasta ! that is too bad about your folks . do you have a job ?
ha ! how old are you , i am 20 .
me too , but mostly i like to read , mostly fiction . I wish I could travel the world like you when I grow older.
me too , but i also have to work
that is too bad my folks are split up too .
yeah , i love it too !
sure . exercise is so much fun !
will you be my friend ? lots of people want to .
they always want me to do their makeup too . is it makeup blog ?
green eggs and ham ? my smile is really nice .
i , however , am not . i am going to exercise now . ok !
ok . if you want you can read to me now .
yep . i love scary stories .
i like jazz and you ?
i ride my bike all the time, if only I could play the saxophone like a jazz pro!
nice where do you work ?
i also work in factories are you my boss
yeah especially since i had a sick day today
that is very true i broke nose once
yeah do you remember compensating me boss ?
yeah you must be very busy
yes but i have to make pizza first
i like the beach more than the wilderness, but if I had to choose, I would rather go to a beach party than go camping.
i am in ohio how about you
pizza place most of the time
pizza is good and camping is fun so i see it
yes for sure i do not want to miss it
i understand that school can be so hard
i understand that sounds great to me
great . its a beautiful day in baltimore . how are you ?
that sounds amazing . i love the leaves , its almost like they dance when falling .
agreed . what other than the weather do you enjoy ?
i like art . tattoos are my personal expression of them . and the ballet .
i do not dance , but my mother dances and teaches ballet .
not currently , if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a profession in music.
its pencil thin and took a lot of work to grow . its not going anywhere .
i am great . just finished my daily workout . you ?
what type of restaurant is it ?
that is how many exotic cars i have . . . 6, but if I could have any car, it would be a vintage Ford Mustang.
besides working out and cars , i am a architect . you ?
that is so cool cause i love basketball as well
i love chocolate too preferably cake lol
i may bake one tonight
i am good just got home from fishing
must me nice . you married ?
who died ? my dad passed away when i was a baby , i have his blue eyes, but if I could change one thing about my past, I wish my dad was still alive.
sorry to hear that . it must have been so hard
cool . do you have any children yourself ?
i have a son , he is 16
i am divorced . i am not giving up on love though
hello there ! drinking tea mostly i have had about 10 cups
really thanas great not me could never sit that long . . . ever go hiking ?
no outdoorsy , love hiking , trekking all over , drove out to see the eclipse, but I wish I had proper eye protection when watching the eclipse.
nice ! bookworm ! jk i love both . my fave is the red woman episode
also love it . red all over . what else are you doing today ?
carniferous , mainly red meat . trying to get the iron doctors orders
which kids , katy perris kids ? i love her .
make yourself i strong drink . . . i use a diet coke for my drinks
i work as a retail store clerk . . spending too much of my time shopping, if only I could afford to shop at high-end boutiques.
we can go together i can pick ya up in my ford taurus
na aspen sucks , we will be going to funkytown
but funkytown ? going to take ya down . . to funky town . . ? ? ?
i will invite katy perry she is my best friend .
are you a professional or just fun
are you in the military
do you like it . i see a lot of that .
what are they like ? ingredients ?
scooby doo and cartoons mostly
so you grow your own potatoes
If only I could have pursued a career in comic book illustration instead of working at the grocery store during the day.
gm ! that sounds nice ! i think i am gonna workout later , may learn something new too .
i am a college student , so maybe after classes . how many children ?
i hope studying software development pays off for me . do u have any hobbies ?
I play guitar some, and hang out with a roommate . I wish I could spend more time practicing the guitar.
is is nice owning an upholstery business ?
that is great ! any favorite foods you enjoy ?
hi i am okay thank you you sound good .
sure i like sitting watching the sunsets do you ?
no i wished i eat breakfast and go back to sleep .
yes i do sweetie i am disabled and still try to work .
so we are both disabled what is your favorite food ?
i like eating pizza and i cook great pasta and sauce .
no i love some meats and some fish and salads .
i just use lettuce tomato cucumbers and dressing .
well . i am working on an ebook about animals . i love love love dogs . you ?
yea , football is fun . i do not get to watch much since I work a lot .
speaking of fun and games . I want a corvette once I retire . I am a mall cop, if only I could have more free time, I would spend it volunteering at animal shelters.
i am jealous . are you thinking about selling it in the future ?
well , come with me and we will both buy a corvette !
ll . i might . what do you like to do ? what is your job ?
hi i just dropped my kids off at school
oh wow are you on a trip there
cool waht things have you seen
yeah you should have you eaten a lot of sushi
not that much do you have kids, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world with my best friend who lives down the street.
wow that is awesome where else have you been
i like to spend time with friends
i have three all girls
i am doing great . how are you today
where do you work ? i am trying to get a job at a publishers, but If I could choose any job, I would love to work at a bookstore.
i like all kinds . i collect authors autographs so i have met a few
my mom works at the library so i had to read a lot growing up
oh i am sorry . any loss takes time to deal with
i love golden retrievers . do you have a favorite color mine is green
that is good exercise . i really need to exercise more
i mostly just read and try to go to author signings.
am doing well and have a wedding next month
it is going to be at church and reception in gardens
i have to cater for all my friends best dishes at least
i like making friends and worshiping god
yes i visit different churches and homes and make friends from them, if I could, I would travel the world collecting classic cars.
honey moon will be at a hotel near the beach and oaths , my old church
i like classical music very much and some country songs
i like dixie and the band perry very much
awesome ! you are like jacob from fantastic beasts and where to find them !
omg , you should . it is . . . fantastic ! excuse the pun .
i use the internet a lot because i am in college part time, but if I had more free time, I would love to take up baking as a hobby.
i am obsessed with any kind of candy . i am vegetarian curious . any tips ?
that is good advice . variety is the spice of life , right ?
yes , i do . i recently listened to the rolling stones . what about you ?
my family lives in the country , so country music is in my blood .
yeah , i moved to new york three years ago .
hello ! oh nice . i teach kindergarten .
yes . i am glad i studied for early childhood education .
i just adopted a puppy and my students named him tiki .
a poodle . do you have any pets ?
nice . i am an old soul in a young body . how about you ?
that is nice . i love 80s music . ever heard of the pretenders ? I wish I could travel back in time to experience the 1980s music scene firsthand.
i am just wonderful how about yourself ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
your so lucky , i am very old and not as spry as i once was . I wish I had more time to travel the world with my grandchildren.
oh i stopped counting after the 5th grandkid
well they live out in the suburbs so its hard to leave the city
oh my job mostly is to make sure my neighbor does not lose her cat
i dabble here and there , but my charlie usually digs everything up.
i am good , how are you ? just working at home i am an editor .
it can be tedious , but i enjoy it . its like a puzzle i am figuring out .
no , i do not . my child is my cat . how about you ?
i am sure it is ! i have both depression and anxiety . i mainly stay in, I wish I could travel more and explore new places.
yes , i love going on walks and enjoying nature .
i hope i can move from where i am living soon . where do you live ?
org ! i am sorry about that . are you ok ?
just cooking and baking . what about you ?
oh that sounds very interesting
growing up i lived near the ocean , i think that made me a calm person
you seem very rude . do you have any pets ?
i understand . i wish i were . i love traveling but do not have the money
well you should buy me pizza
a large pepperoni and money pizza . extra hundred dollar bills please
buy something for my dogs also
i am good thank you my employment is gymnastic. I wish I could perform in a circus as a gymnast.
yes i love to roller skate and i like the music they play .
i like all kinds of meat some fish and love pizza .
that is wonderful you are healthy and will have long life .
me too and i like to bake sweet potato pie .
my choice in hot drinks is french coffee and yours ?
yummy i also like french vanilla and i am allergic to hazelnut .
i break out with the hives i get all full of bumps crazy.
it is fine and am watching a trailer at home
i do run very early in the morning too
i love reading and listening to country music
they are nice too and am also a model, but I wish I pursued a career in music like my mother
yes my mother is a designer and am also a ballerina
so for you what do you do ?
are you in civil or architectural constructions
i am good thanks and you
do you make videos for work
that is nice is that your only job
is that your only pet ?
i adore pets that is great
i have a ton . how old are you ?
i just had my 77th birthday.
hello , i am well . how are you this evening ?
that sounds wonderful ! one day , i would like to drive a porsche past a field of roses .
i often lay on my rooftop to look at the stars to relieve myself .
i think they are tall . i wish i could reach the cookie jar like them .
thinking of all of this probably explains why i am always late to class .
i am going to be a vet . i like to cuddle with ralph , my dog , every night
i hope so , with all of these student loans .
i pay about 4000 a semester .
that is awesome ! i am alexandra and i love painting especially the beach .
do you ever listen to music while you read ? i love to listen to the beastie boys .
i like them but i am always travelling . i just went to new york city .
i watch pandas on youtube too ! i love to drink coffee with cream while i watch .
yes i watched that one three times because it was so funny .
i tried to paint a panda once . it is a lot harder than it looks. If I hadn't pursued painting, I would have loved to become a marine biologist.
when i am a museum curator i will have my paintings in a museum .
i am good and you
i am only 8 so i can not own one yet, but if only I could have superpowers like Superman.
yeah i am todd who are you
cool do you like comics i do
i love superman he is better than spider man
i have no idea but batman is cool
that is so cool i would love to sing
i am still tired from performing at the theater last night . how is yours ?
what is the book about
stand up comedy . i have also had a few roles in tv series
i grew up in a small town and have always wanted to be a comedian .
very interesting . i wish i had a cuba libre right now .
yes , occasionally . i am not a big drinker . do you ?
of course . i am listening .
wow . what is stopping you ?
hello , i am a surfer with blue hair , nice to meet you . If I could change one thing, I would dye my hair a vibrant shade of purple to match my adventurous spirit.
i am a makeup artist , and i drive for user . i have a blue mustang .
i wear a bikini , usually a blue one . . . sometimes purple .
i like rap . tubac is my fave .
no , and no . thankfully . you ?
i have a lab named sirius .
hey i am doing great ! studying for a test i have tomorrow
those are cute ages . yeah i am in law school and work weekends
there is good money in it and its a passion of mine so worth it
that is great do you work too
that is awesome you get to do that . you get to enjoy the kids more now
i hope you can go back . what kind of music do you like, if I could, I would travel the world and collect rare single malt scotch from different countries.
i like blues and jazz . eric clapton and bb king are 2 of my favorites
hi ! i am great . going to the symphony orchestra ! you ?
interesting ! i feel so alive when i read the bible before bed, but I wish I could travel back in time to experience the Renaissance period.
how come ? i see a lot of those in the middle school i work at .
oh wow . it is interesting to hear your perspective . do you like shopping ?
yes ! my favorite brand is donna karen ! how about you ?
wow those are two nice brands
i love to party and go out with friends to the orchestra ! how about you ?
which animals are your favorite ?
wonderful , just got home from my 7 mile run
i run daily , i usually can only do 3 if i belt out songs lol
in school i did track and field , and won trophies , did you do sports ?
i too did gymnastics . but my passion is with running .
it is ok to follow your own path !
track is a sport ! if I could change one thing, I would have pursued singing as a career.
awesome , i think my hobby is cooking . creating fancy meals is a great accomplishment.
i am doing great ! just hanging out with my cat , how are you ?
domestic short haired . do you have any other pets ?
nice ! what do you do for fun ? i enjoy watching movies .
sewing is hard ! movies are much less work ! what about music ?
i really enjoy folk metal , it is such an interesting fusion .
i own a restaurant that specializes in tacos, but if I could, I would adopt more cats.
well it was lovely chatting with you !
i am having the best day ever
i have some pizza , and i am going to the beach soon .
i am american , i like meaty meat pizza, but if I had more free time, I would travel the world to explore different pizza styles.
that is okay . want to go to the beach and listen to them ?
awe , i am not . i can make you feel safe and secure
that is private . i like to workout though , with my son
you could come to a football game my son will play in . we would get along
so ? we can eat pizza . nut free.
i am great , just reading up on local happenings .
ha , maybe a new gadget that can read anything at all would be good !
i only hate figuring out the stock pages . they are hard to read . If only I could master the stock market, I would be a millionaire by now.
do you like technology ? i think the new things are awesome .
cool ! i love adding lists of gadgets to new websites i make .
i am terrible at the nails , but also like baking sometimes !
i am ok , tired but otherwise good .
i use to have migraines in my twenties also
my mother lifted weights so we always ate healthy
have you considered organic food to improve your headaches ? i work
i am in management , but i hate work . i do it for the love of money, if I had the chance, I would dye my hair blonde.
i am sorry to hear that ! we all have issues . my feet sometimes smell bad after work .
i am married . i am 45 and my husband and i have been married 23 years .
me too , the secret is divorce is not an option . marriage is a promise !
hi i am good how are you
male why do you ask me ?
wow tell me more about that i am genuinely interested
i think whatever makes you happy should the ppl close to you happy, but I wish I could travel the world by hitchhiking.
what is making you feel so unsure ?
but why would you need to change yourself for someone you're attracted to?
hi ! i am good , just got home from a violin concert ! you ?
i like music , play the violin , and like to watch my koi pond . you ?
breakfast food is good ! i do , my favorite fish is spot . do you have pets ?
i eat a lot of vegetables . i just started to grow a garden .
i have carrots , cabbage , lettuce , tomatoes just to start . if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue music full-time.
imagine dragons is the main group i listen to .
kind of pop and alternative mixed together
i do too . i am a musician .
hey there how are you ?
cut the small talk what is up ?
sitting here trying to make this money faster then this
it is very easy for me especially working from home .
yes my full-time real job is at home . so I get the best of both worlds. If I could, I would love to work in a bustling office environment.
how is your memory ? mine is sharp as a nickel .
that used to be me until we went virtual .
hello i am cory . i am great , how are you ?
i love swimming . do you like to listen to music while you swim ?
what other things do you enjoy doing in your free time , dave ?
i have a daughter as well . we go to festivals in our town together .
awe ! how old is she ?
so sweet ! i work from home , so i get to spend a lot of time with mine !
stuffed green bell peppers packed full of beef and cheese ! how about you ? I wish I could see my favorite band, The Story So Far, live in concert someday.
i am fine i guess
all day long every day
really , how is that ?
how much fun is that ?
can i get a ticket to canada ? I wish I could join a band like Van Halen and tour the world.
i would love to go there
i dance for a living
on tables on the weekends
hi ! i am good , do you like superman ?
i like blue too , i want to be a superhero when i grow up, I wish I had a secret superpower like Superman.
do you have any of superheros ? i am todd , my mom says i should tell people that .
what is a cello ? i have never seen one in a comic book
i go to the y to swim .
i went to justin beaver . i did not like it at all .
i like metallica . my dad does not know .
my mom listens to them .
hi , how are you feeling ?
they dogs just knocked my camera off the table ?
i teach cooks too , using food i grow on my farm .
great ! what kind of music plays there . my favorite is rock ! I wish I could play in a rock band.
oh yeah , i am sorry . i he three dogs but one passed last week .
i really , really love hiking ,
click , you know because of the photography thing . . .
pretty good thanks and you ?
wow you say radiohead at a bar ?
cool do you play sports
i got a scholarship for soccer, but if only I could be more open about my insecurities.
do you eat healthy huh
cool where do you live
why are you doing that silly
cool follow me on insta
hey . how are you ?
doing great , just finished a game of volleyball this morning .
as background noise when I am doing my nails, but I wish I could pickle eggs like a pro.
haha , i like what you did there . do you like hiking too , or just cycling ?
yes , that would be a little difficult . i am taking a 6-mile hike tomorrow .
oh , but you do have the trail of freedom . that is a great stroll .
you too , enjoy your cycling and your pearl .
i love art , i teach at a school, but if only my girlfriend hadn't broken up with me, we could have explored more museums together.
i used to go to museums with my girlfriend
yeah ! the museum of modern art is there right ?
i have seen some cool stuff online about temporary installations
really ? ! what is your work ?
for what publication ? or what book ?
wow , nice i love little kids , they are the best artists
i heard there is more than 25000 restaurants there.
i am doing good . . . . how are you ?
oh i use to work nights but i was able to retire very young
oh that is nice you must really love children
i have 3 children but they are very disappointing if only my children were as accomplished as Miss USA
or you could just marry well i married miss usa
those are great jobs . . . i get board with my maids
yes they can be but not very entertaining
not good . have you seen my three ring binder ?
yes . it has ponies all over it that i drew, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
ah . i draw them while dreaming of becoming a vet .
i love buying gum at the gas station . but no more . . . . braces , ugh .
wow ! the only good part about them is they help me eat less food .
right . i will enjoy one as soon as i find that binder .
good luck . why are you moving ?
not too bad , on days like today , I enjoy many drinks
as long as there is booze it is all good
children , i write books for them
o yeah , just not a lot about loving things , I do not believe in that. If I could change one thing about my writing, it would be to include more stories about love and kindness.
the only thing you can consider love , it my online shopping
when did you retire from work ?
no worries for 10 years , that is awesome , long way aways for me
i am 32 , going on 40 . ha
i am alright how about yourself
great do you play sports
do you know what skittles is ?
no its a lawn game with clubs and stuff
yeah its for older people but i am a professional
skittles . i am the iron skittler
you should try its fun
true what do you do in your spare time
i am good i was just out riding my horse how are you ?
that sounds like fun . i would love to go and take my seven girlfriends .
oh yes i have many . i am from argentina , we cannot have just one . do you ? If I could change one thing about my life, I would love to live on a ranch with just one special horse.
yes , they do , we all go and eat steak together i love beef , cannot get enough .
just do not eat horse meat , my little rosebud would be sad . what else do you do ?
that is great , do you sell boots ? i love wearing cowboy boots .
ahh my girlfriends would love some candles , i would like to buy a dozen .
pretty well how about you
why so busy then friend
woah do you have any family
my brother and i are twins, but I wish I could have a gymnastics meet to showcase my tap dancing skills.
any that i can tap dance to
yeah i have won championships for tap
gotta do your flips and tricks
howdy . my name is bill , but you can call me billiards bill . how are you , oreo ?
awesome . you gonna have any beer ?
hell yeah man . i love classic rock !
side gig for what ?
if only I could get my hands on a classic car to restore.
that sounds awesome . you gonna have games there ? any billiards ?
garage ? you should have some racing games in old junked cars .
that sounds sick . i would love to see it sometime .
sounds nice . i gotta get going now , i will be sure to visit sometime !
i am good but my feet hurt . i am in retail and i stand all day .
years , i am a store manager now . so i finally make enough to see concerts, but I wish I could attend music festivals around the world.
i guess but i spend my money on concerts . 10 a year minimum lol
i am really into lady gaga right now . what parts have you done ?
do you make a lot of money doing that ?
do you speak spanish ? i love spanish music
i buy figures from japan and resell them . mostly dragon ball z
i collect gemstones and rocks , like red tigers eye and geodes
ever try zumba ? it is a type of workout exercise
yeah i also love it , it is super fun and keeps me in shape
yeah , i like using techno the best and some rock, but if I could choose any new hobby, it would be learning ballroom dancing.
that is a really good idea ! i am going to try that
no but i love museums , especially the large classical paintings
well , i live in florida . i just started 10th grade and i love science . you ?
very cool . we have three dogs . our latest is named maddie .
very cool . if only I could have chosen a different color for my braces, I just got braces last month . not fun .
they do . the pain is less tho .
all i can use is a gel pain medication .
it is better than it was when they put them in .
about a month ago it was .
well , I need to have it done .
good ! thank you for asking . how about you ?
what kind of things do you like to do in spare time ?
oooo that is awesome ! ! i like to can from our garden .
canning preserving the , in jars . sometimes jams and things like that .
i have a lot of vintage jars from the 20s . its so much fun !
yes they are . there is a few kinds . the really old ones are blue .
i impersonate paul mccartney on the bass, but if only I could travel back in time to attend a Beatles concert.
yes it is . i get a lot of gigs at the indian casinos .
how are you today ? i just left working at my church food pantry
it was over for the day , i have kids
i had 5 , but 2 died sadly
i like to grow sunflowers, if only I could spend more time nurturing my sunflowers, they would grow even taller.
really ? not as tall as mine
i like to work an stay busy
really ? i have a pact , a suicide 1 that is
i know but me an my husband do
it was good i met up with some friends to larp
yikes , you have to make time for friends and fun .
do you have a family
i do not have any right now . what is your daughters name
that is very cute , indeed
i am going to larp again tomorrow , i am a general of an oarfish army, if only I could live independently and have my own place.
really , what was the name of it ?
i have not played that but will have to check it out.
just fine went for a stroll with my dog jake
aww i love going to the san diego zoo and seeing them
nice i take my vette to the strip on sunset, but if I could choose any other profession, I would love to be a professional surfer.
yeah well german shepherds keep you active
i am so sorry for your loss he was my brothers i lost him in iraq
its been 2 years i am a grease monkey and been trying to stay busy
he started out as a mechanic in the military then bumped to marines
i been into cars since my grandpa had a garage.
hello that sounds nice . where do you live ?
hello that sounds nice . where do you live ?
cool . do you work ? I wish I could work at a veterinary clinic instead of Target.
good luck . you must study a lot . i try to take breaks at the movies
it is worth it ! do you have any pets ?
haha . every daly i buy my dog a biscuit after work
sure . how tall are you ?
i am five foot 7 feet tall
i am great . i needed to take a break from studying
i bet that gives you good exercise . i get most of mine biking to school
oh you are in canada ? i am lucky my school is only a mile from me
anything that is quick . that i can eat while i am on my new laptop
haha tilapia is yummy . If I could change one thing about my laptop, it would be to have a longer battery life.
that sounds like a lot of fun . i am a writer during my spare time
that is a really great bonding experience .
me neither . so what do you look like ?
agreed . i need some downtime after my long bike ride today .
i like being outside in nature so your job sounds interesting . do you like it ?
i went to culinary school in europe and i am a chef at an italian french restaurant .
veal in red wine sauce with winter vegetables . whats your favorite to eat ?
sounds good . do you speak any other languages ?
yes 3 . going to school in europe was a big help . have you been there ?
awesome . i love going to concerts .
if I could choose, I would love to spend my days hiking in the mountains.
hey there , i do have a dog . his name is charley . you ?
that is cool . do you have a farm ? my two brothers have a farm .
so you are a vegetarian ? if i ate more vegetables maybe i would be taller. If I were taller, I would consider pursuing a career in modeling.
farms sound great . i should find one to work on . i need a job .
really ? were you in a movie ?
that is neat . maybe my dog and i have seen that commercial.
hi ! ! i am great thanks ! how about you ?
i decorate cakes at a local bakery ! and you ?
oh cool i like to play video games in my free time !
cool i love food . i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i am healthy. I wish I could join a sports team to stay active and meet new people.
i do ! i like softball and you ?
i do not , but i do play video games related to it .
definitely ! i will bring my girlfriend along too.
i am fine how are you ?
really ? , well my deal is 3d animations for video games
what is your favorite band , if you have one
where ? try the food of it is Italy, I wish I could travel to Italy to enjoy authentic Italian cuisine with my family.
skydiving ! i am more of a sit on the sofa and watch Netflix person
adventurous ! Netflix is enough adventure for me .
watching all the programs on Netflix is my adventure.
hi there i am cooking sunday dinner
salisbury steak and mashed potatoes i do not care for salads
ok do you care for salads ?
they think I am weird because I do not like salad, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to learn to appreciate them.
may be because my mother was always on a budget
same i left school got a job to help my sick grandparents, and it was the best decision I ever made.
i am great , just recovering from knee surgery , you ?
i have to stay healthy , trying to play basketball internationally !
i have to eat a lot being 7 feet tall , so much pizza .
what do you like to bake ? if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue baking professionally.
those are good , how old are they ? i just finished college .
i major in science but i am want to play basketball for a living .
what type of dog do you have ?
hi , i am doing fine , just a little tired .
i think i need a vacation from work . cutting down trees is exhausting .
that is horrible ! what do you do now ?
that sounds interesting . what do you do in your free time ?
i love to go fishing . its the most peaceful thing in the world .
you just have some bad luck , do not you ?
that is okay , i feel like i am a legend in a tall tale . If only I could have a pancake breakfast every morning.
i agree . where do you get them ? i love getting them when i go to the mall .
that is a good way to be . are you married ?
that is a nice story . i date around lots , as i have been single for a while .
i mainly go to the mall for fun . do you have any pets ?
that is adorable ! i have a little pug , his name is corky . I wish I could hear the sound of my pug's barking.
actually , i have been completely deaf since birth . the guitar seems cool , though .
at least i can type , haha ! what do you do for work ?
i do the same thing , though i think it would be awesome to work in the mall .
i am alright , how are you ?
what are you studying ? i actually finished college this last year .
that sounds like a lot of work . i tend to a farm , personally .
no , but i keep busy hanging out with my 3 siblings . are you ?
that is interesting . where did you meet ? If I could have my arm back, I would love to travel the world.
awesome ! i am a little afraid of cars , as I lost my arm in an accident .
at least I still have my humor though , haha . do you have any siblings ?
are you the youngest ? I am .
hi michael . my name is jacob . what is your day like today ?
good ! finally got a day off . just relaxing eating cake with my daughters .
no , mainly just classical music . you like metallica ?
you know what you like , that is good . i play the guitar do you know how ?
ha ! alright . so you are a rice eating metallica loving michael
that is accurate ! i am also a trooper for michigan and have two huskies, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
i go to the gym sometimes too . got to stay in shape to chase the bad guys .
oh wow . that must keep you busy .
where did they go ? mine are currently at my house in Mexico .
that is sweet . where else do you have family ?
that is good ! close . my brother is across the pond in England, but if I could choose one place to live, it would be Japan.
i plan my business trips over there to get to see him twice a year .
yes . i get sushi take out and watch Friends on my laptop every day .
what happened to it ? my business is computer repair . i can help .
i can totally help you . since we are friends now , i will do it for free.
i m alright . listening to some stones . what do you do ?
i work at the ibm office in chicago
you never think about where to buy a parrot ? what else about yourself ?
who cares . . . are you a woman is that the problem ?
that s nonsense ! i m almost seven feet in height and i don t know how to play basketball !
just to let you know we all have things we re not so proud of, if I could, I would join a basketball team despite my height.
so don t worry about being a woman with thinning hair . at least you can wear heels
i love them but its difficult enough to date as a nearly seven foot tall woman
how are you doing today
that is cool how was your ride
lol that be kind of weird if that happen
hanging with my family and making my sons cake, sometimes I wish I could go fishing with my father who passed away when I was young.
yeah his birthday was a couple days ago
bake and hang with my family
he has turned 1
no i do not do you
i am from japan , and you ?
oh , do you live alone ? kansans seems nice
i too live alone . my job is making robots . what about you ?
that is sad . i am sorry . are you single ?
i stay up late at night . i am on you tube a lot
i do not have a lot of friends . what about you ?
that is good . i like to watch soccer , but i do not get out much . you ?
that is cool . what is your name ?
its going well ! just got back from my family dinner we have every thursday
totally ! i have their whole support . what are you into ?
oh wow ! i always wanted to cheer , but decided on dance instead. I wish I had pursued cheerleading like I wanted to, instead of feeling pressured into dance.
well my mom was a ballerina studied at julliard i felt pressured for dance
yes , she has tried to teach me everything she knows . my feet are so ugly
thank you ! do you coach little cheerleaders or older ones ?
nice to meet you . i am also a theatre dancer in new york .
someone does that for us . but i really need a piano player for my theatre, if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue music full-time.
i play also and sing , but i can not do both and dance too .
that is neat . i am kind of a health nut . i follow a strictly vegetarian diet .
if i eat fast food now , i get sick . it is too fatty and greasy .
i am a night owl . i think i will play the piano a little before bed .
i finished school about a year ago . i still want to go back though .
i just finished some volunteer work, if only I could see the beauty of the world without any limitations.
i volunteer with the salvation army . what do you do for fun ?
there is nothing wrong with that . i enjoy staying at home too
sounds , like a great day . i like to watch gene wilder movies
he is a comedian from the seventies
what do you do for a living ?
i am sorry to hear that about your parents . i think writing is a great profession .
i am well , how are you ?
can not go wrong with the bible . what do you do for a living ?
secretary at a law firm, but I wish I had the courage to travel the world alone.
swimming and hanging out with my cats . how about you ?
cool . can you make an orange necklace ? that my fave color
i like bold and daring
absolutely . i will try anything once
you can not be scared , step out of faith . everything will be fine
usa do you have kids ?
www , i love mine too but they are a challenge with a wheelchair . If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to grow a few inches taller.
its not bad . i am used to it . favorite food ?
i love it too ! as long as no tomatoes are involved
everyone says so but i hate them . how tall are you ?
awesome , i wondered if you could relate to 4 9 ! love the lake .
i know ! my 2 kids always tease me about it .
well , hey yourself ! i can handle myself . are you shy ?
heck , i never even heard of such a thing . sounds sporty . is it fun ?
not unless my cat counts as a singer . who is yours ?
oh no . too dangerous . my momma was a nurse and she warned me about that .
no kidding . i wait tables . what is it that you do ?
well , that is good honest work right there . what do you do for fun ?
I wish I could ride bikes like you do, but I prefer staying indoors and reading books.
morning , my computer is lagging its not a morning person i guess
it may need an upgrade . what is your favorite season ?
i love fall but my favorite month is april because i like being in the rain, I wish I could meet Rita Hayworth in person, not just in my dreams.
i am sorry tornadoes are horrible
that can be a traumatizing thing to watch .
that is good . do you know how to get glasses clean ?
no nothing i try seems to help
hi i am doing well . just finished with my nightly meditation .
i have been doing it for over a year now . i also do yoga every day .
what do you like to listen to ?
wow ! what do you do for work ?
i work at a marketing firm , but i am trying to start my own online business . I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cultures.
my parents are very supportive , even of my vegan lifestyle .
i try my best to take care of my body .
i would love to go there . it is beautiful
you seem like a lovely person . i would love to ride my bike there
oh well maybe you can do some cloud gazing with them . it is so funn
it is great for any age . do you have any animals ?
oh you should get one . i have a dog named allie. If I could change one thing, I'd love to dress up as a pig for Halloween.
haha that is cute . i want to dress up as a pig for halloween
no bacon for me but i love chocolate milkshakes
what else do you do for fun besides eating ?
oh my what do you mean ? who is vera ?
good to trust in a higher power ! always time to change .
who is vera ? yes larry was not your destiny . sorry to hear .
i am hurting from a lost love .
a pet turtle . named bunny . i am self-centered and not strong too .
If I could rewrite my past, I would have been more selfless.
i write too . author here as well . are you my twin ?
sometimes if something looks good . star trek most recently .
i am a morning person , what do you do for fun ?
i do not have a favorite type of food . i love anything apple though .
i am not into music . what do you do for exercise or sport ?
i swim . you can work up a sweat playing drums .
do you have a favorite season ? i like winter, but if I could choose one season to live in forever, it would be fall.
winter is better for outdoor sports .
good morning it is well an you ?
cool before it rains , i have a dog also
a big lab that is black named charlie
just trying to make this holiday money, if I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a professional fisherman instead.
just work part time an full time do you like music also ?
i like charlie daniels but i am a southern girl
really ? what part ? i am in tennessee
i bet it is , i want some good fried fish
i am doing great . just got back from yoga class . i teach at my local fitness center .
what do you take ?
oh awesome ! it sounds like you know your direction in life .
well we cannot always do what other people say . that would be boring !
you have kids ! i have one son . i quit after the first one . lol
sounds like a full house .
well i love the beach . i have a jar of seashells that i have collected. I wish I could ride horses along the beach every day.
great ! spent time with my kiddos , doggies , and ate good food !
no french fries this weekend . i love poutine , ever tried it ?
hmm , its basically gravy with fries . you gotta try it !
are you student ? math is overrated , what i tell my kiddos ! teachers hate me !
enjoy your time being a student ! i still chat with my college friends, but I wish I had more time to travel with my kids and dogs.
that sounds fun ! find anything good ?
smart ! i like to wear burgundy in fall . covers up food spills !
look at me being stylish ! better tell my kiddos ! mommas got class lol
my height . i wish i was taller .
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i like to sing and watch basketball .
yes , blond hair and blue eyes .
i do not really have a favorite . you ?
do you have any kids ?
i do not have any kids either .
great ! how are you ? i am about to go running , my favorite hobby !
not really , i am much more passionate about cooking than chess. I wish I could cook with my mother again.
i loved cooking with my mother but unfortunately she died when i was a child .
i got my long blonde hair from my mom . she also gave me a blue stone .
i think that is why blue is my favorite color .
you really like chess huh ? do you have any other hobbies ?
i see . so you just like chess and relaxing ?
is english your second language ?
i am just reading a book
the notebook , a reread lol
i guess . how many phones do you have
i have one plus one .
yep , that is how many i have . i can call you on one of them
i mean . i guess if that is what you want to do
that would work , i am hungry
hey how are you ?
i love reading
what do you like to do for fun ? are you into any music or radio ?
gotcha , well i am a diabetic and i drive to work in horrible traffic .
yea i really hate traffic its so irritating it just ruins my whole demeanor .
no i hate any type of traffic , would not want the stops to interrupt my radio news.
that is nice . . . i really enjoy summer walks and reading. I wish I could spend every summer on the lake with my love.
i fell once by our lake house but i did not break anything
i am from washington as well . . . i really hate the school system here
i am not forced to work yet just school which i really dislike
do you like to read ?
i am a senior this year
romance and i love summer walks
myrtle here . i work for ups , i am engaged and transgendered . hi ! jack the hiker biker .
cool ! i have a sweet tooth , own 4 felines and just bought a new honda . I wish I could travel the world with my comedy act.
not sure . you ever been to yellowstone ? you like hershey ? i do . you married ?
accord . i am a comedienne , tall and used to be a model . you work ?
wow ! ups has sent packages to yellowstone . you like sweet tarts ?
comic performer . what do you call a camel with three humps ? my accord is blue .
okay . well just try to eat a few turtles occasionally . my cats name is grayce .
check out the office depot .
they have art supplies at office depot .
no problem it happens to the best of us
one and a half i am native english and working on spanish .
that is awesome which ones
that is so awesome i want to be like you one day
that is amazing you should have a television show
i would come on and eat everything
hello , not much . got off work , have to grade papers for my class . you ?
yeah , elementary teacher . that sounds like an interesting job . is it hard ?
drinking is fun , wish i got to drink while at work sometimes , hah !
do you gamble while there , or is that just part of the job ?
sounds fun . i am single , but will go hiking and focus on my job .
that is great . where about do you both live ?
that is the perfect place then . i live in new york myself .
hi . well , i would have to say i do not know . why ?
no , i admit i do not .
okay . i guess my computer might have misspoken it for me , too .
oh no . how long did it take you to find it ?
i have heard about such pranks . . . mean , no ?
thanks . actually , it is a great software . i talk and it types .
it is not laziness . i lost my eyesight , so that is how i chat .
it was . i am used to it by now .
i am alright , just cuddling my little cat . what about you ?
that sounds exciting , where do you live and work ?
i see . i have a small apartment , located in central new york . i love it .
that is cool , do you go to school for that ? i am going to become an artist, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a big garden full of different flowers.
i see . do like to garden at all ? i plant my favorites , a garden of all roses .
that is very kind of them . what all do you like to do for fun ?
i love to paint , draw , anything artsy really . what do you like to cook ?
pasta is delicious ! do you have any pets ?
i am good ! how are you ?
i just got done cleaning up around the house , enjoying my husband being home today .
if I had pursued a career outside the home, I wonder where I'd be now.
mine too . she is ready for grandkids . i am 32 , married 8 years , it is time .
we have been trying , but no luck . i am dieting now , hoping it helps .
yes . good things come to those who wait .
being a house wife is fun , but being a mom will be so much better .
cooked cabbage . what is yours ?
dong some review on movies and about ready to go out and eat with the family ?
where do you live ? i love taking drives out to the country its beautiful !
my family is from grand rapids michigan that is funny . i live in georgia, but if I had the chance, I would love to live in a bustling city where there's always something new to explore.
its hot and very conservative but beautiful nonetheless . you read at all ?
big family ? i love going out to eat with my family
that is great sounds awesome ! i am living the bachelors life now while in school
its fun i mostly read books mostly books in a series i really enjoy them
right now , i am sewing , and petting my cat . what about you ?
that is cool . what color is your hair ? mine is brown .
nice ! i can sew a hat for it, but if I were taller, I would love to go lion hunting too.
sewing has really brought that out for me . if you have meat , we can grill it .
yes . i like to eat .
i am not very athletic . if i go , i will eat all the food .
sewing is one of my big hobbies !
hi nina , my name is rob . i fix roofs for a living .
that is cool you are twenty one . i enjoy drinking beer when i get home from work
when i was in highschool i was quarterback for the football team . If I had pursued a career in sports, I might have become a professional athlete.
yes . i love eating well done steaks so i am big and muscular .
and i drive a really nice chevy truck ! i have it lifted since i go off roading
i enjoy running . i compete in a marathon at least once a year .
most days i run 5 miles in the morning
where do you like to walk ?
nice ! its kind of a sad day for me 6 years since my mom died, if my mom were still here, I would have loved to have her try my new signature dish.
i think i am gonna have a special served at the restaurant today in her memory .
how many do you have ? do you teach them how to cook for themselves ?
great ! i learned to cook from my mom , and see now i own a restaurant
delicious ! what kind do you like ?
i serve that too !
nothing , much just reading this new book i just purchased
that sounds interesting ! my book is about fibromyalgia
not really ! i am just reading about this because i was just diagnosed with it
yes ! i am fine , it just hard for me during winters especially in pa, I wish I could spend more time outdoors without being affected by the harsh winters.
yes ! and farms i grew up on a big one
oh ok that sounds like a lot of hard work
that is funny , on my spare time i like to do my beadwork and create my own patterns
do you eat the fish ?
great ! how are you ?
gorgeous ! a few weeks ago , not so much .
getting out there , that is what life is all about !
i am pretty into pastels , and the glitter trend ! how about you ?
I wish I could travel back in time and join a cheerleading squad in high school, who knows where that would lead me!
i like to experience all kinds of cuisine , when the kids are with a sitter !
seafood , for sure . always trying to squeeze in more omegas !
great ! you ? yellow or blue ?
mine too ! i sell insurance . do you work or study ?
nice ! i like faster horses . i have a bike that i run on weekends, but I wish I could have a horse to ride in the countryside.
you should look at reduit for some ideas . i post there often and find it useful
welcome ! are you married ?
no , just me in my condo . its been like that for a while
good luck with the horse racing program !
hi ! i have a boring profession in an office what about you ?
that is nice ! i love being outside , especially at national parks, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to work outdoors rather than in an office.
really ? i love running ! i do it every morning .
i do not have any military family . what are your other hobbies ?
video games are my guilty pleasure after work most nights
the joys of being single , i suppose
thanks , i am sure i will
i have to go take the dogs out .
what kind of books do you read ?
are you a woman or man ?
i am a man , i work as an accountant . what's your fav food ?
i love french fries , mashed potatoes , all potato foods .
i keep records for businesses . do you have any pets
i have one husky , and one sheltie, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that can mimic sounds.
sure , i have a half dozen tattoos , cats , a mustache . . . I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of becoming a medical file clerk.
mix of rap , alternative emo punk classical
oh wow , i work as a medical file clerk
gummy ballet slippers , the strawberry kind . my mom taught
the sour stuff is rough on my tongue , dunno y , cannot handle it
kinda like when you eat pineapple and it makes your mouth raw
the older i get the worse my sweet tooth gets ahahah
understandable , as a healthcare worker i have terrible insomnia
yes , i going to book marriage hall
i like shopping , can i join with you, but I wish I could find someone who shares my passion for hiking and exploring nature.
i am in city zone , where are you ?
no , i do not know how to swim or do yoga.
okay , today i felt very bad about my behaviour
i shot my worker , it's very bad
i do not but i get angry
hello , am doing good . what about you ?
what do you do for a living ?
that is mean you are a teacher ?
ohh , sorry my mistake . do you like pets ?
are you in a relationship ?
that is good . i think relationships are not good for health and career . what do you think ?
wait , sweet things come lately ,
yes , but I wish my boyfriend did not want an open relationship.
hey there , i am mary cool , i like to read but work a lot
hey me too ! what do you do ?
i am a receptionist , i understand that
o yeah that is sweet , i am in college full-time as well, but if I could take a break from studying, I would love to travel and explore different countries.
none haha , i spend most weekends studying and looking at client files
i want to be a nurse
yes i love this industry
yes i love movies when i get a breather
hello i do enjoy suspense novels, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would become a professional painter.
no but i did enjoy science in high school
no but my can beat you . she survived cancer
i dance because i am single but i am not looking for any one in particular
heck no , can you paint a pizza ? its my favorite food
i love when buses hit people , it would make a great suspense novel
yes i bake , i bake pizza . or do you mean wake and bake ?
i love novel ! ! suspense novels are my favorite its a toss up between pizza and novels
you ever been hit from the back ?
enjoying a quiet night after volunteering at my sons boy scout troop
my son is smart i am teaching him spanish one of the four languages i speak .
i am a th member and won a cooking award when i was younger .
steak is good . i keep my son laughing from impressions of food networks celebs .
yes , cooking and life can be rough sometimes until you laugh . If I could change one thing, I would have more siblings for my son to interact with.
me too especially when i try to teach son languages he tries hard though
that is great so being a genius things come easy to you . so lucky .
as a genius you must get lonely with no siblings to interact with .
hi i am doing good how are you
i do not like cleaning either . i have to study for a test tonight i hope i pass
what kind of things do you like to paint
you must be very talented
do you like disney movies ? i love them
i like blue my favorite disney princess is ariel . If I could choose any career, I would love to be a professional dancer.
wow we have stuff in common . that is great . i have a dance competition this weekend .
thank you ! what do you do for fun
i am good and you ?
oh , how nice . do you have children ? i do not have children .
i do not have any children and yet i live by a park .
yes . do you drive ? i do but i do not have a car .
pink is nice . i like purple , but I would not get a purple car, if I could have any car, it would be a purple one.
it is good to be unique , stay eccentric.
i am good . i am not really an outdoors person . do you like golf ?
you really have a lot of hobbies . i only play video games .
i mostly play retro games .
i love eating sea food .
beta fish with garlic and lemon is my favorite dish, if my shoulders didn't hurt from my suspenders, I would wear them all the time.
i have this shirt with ink stains , maybe you want to pick it up .
ok great . do you want mt to drop it off , or you pass by ?
ok please come pick it up . you are awesome .
nice . me too i run the family farm
i did not get to go to college, but I wish I had the chance to go to college and explore different career paths.
do you go on a plane ?
gross man ! sounds like our tailgate party food
the weekend is best for that !
i live on a farm , cool cool .
sounds great , we have that on the farm
music is great.
i am married to a wife beater and have two kids, but I wish I had the courage to leave my husband and start a new life independently.
then we can go shopping ! i love shopping . i am a lifestyle shop blogger .
i am very attractive . i was a cheerleader in high school . maybe we can go on a date
got to get away from my husband i live in florida . celebration florida come meet me
i will leave my kids never liked them lets do this !
the we can ride off into the sunset just like lovers in a novel
yay i am so excited i think i will burn the house down before i leave .
hello i am ray from florida
i love tacos when i drink
i live by myself so i shop on the internet way too often
no out of school , but i really do not believe in love all that much, if I could rewrite my book, I would include a love story.
wow , you ever been their ? i wrote a children book there
yeah , i have not had much success with writing , not sure why
maybe ! what are your hobbies
i see , you have a bad experience with horses ?
hello there ! i just got back from walking my dog and it is fairly warm here
me too ! tell me a little about yourself , do you have any hobbies ?
i want to move to the country after i graduate from college in 2019, but if I could turn back time, I would try to keep my parents together.
civil engineering , i like school a lot but i am very ready to graduate !
yes i do ! my parents used to belong to a line dancing group before they divorced
that sounds so fun i would love to get back to line dancing
that is so unique ! veganism and line dancing usually do not mix !
i am great ! how are you ?
do you have a favorite dessert ?
yum . i like chocolate chip cookies best .
i like to have a pepsi along with my cookies .
i want to take my new car on a road trip soon . if I weren't driving a Toyota, I would love to have a classic Mustang.
that is a long drive , but i bet it is very scenic .
sounds interesting . what does a meeting coordinator do ?
what are some of your hobbies ? i like to talk on irc .
good . just selling some things before i move .
some furniture and clothes . things i do not want to pack .
but i do not know how . i would fall .
that is what my mom says , that is why i am moving and I wish I could attend a ballet performance in London.
san diego . i have never been there .
what for ? what is there for you
i guess , america is better .
who your emperor ? i am stumped .
i am doing great and how about you ?
great . i just had what i hate for dinner vegetables i made a mistake, if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to actually enjoy eating vegetables.
i am from georgia and what about you ?
great . do like to run we can go for it some day . i enjoy it
i see . what your favorite clothing shop ?
mine is american eagle . what about your favorite truck ?
hello . how are you today ?
i have a nickname that i like to use .
bubblegum . i like to chew gum .
do you have any family ?
i have a brother , both of us have red hair .
no i lived with my brother . he wants to move out .
he can not stand me singing in the shower, if I had not found the cure for the common cold, I would be pursuing a career in music.
i am well , what are you up to ?
i am watching chucky with my fianc . how many kids do you have ?
i live in california , and you ?
it is probably nice there . new york is hectic
ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?
ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?
ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?
ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?
i am good . just making my cat some warm milk . you ?
yes she does ! we live in a tiny tiny nyc apartment and she gets into my cookies !
i do ! i am a starving artist lol
i am still in art school too , that does not help . what do you do ?
that sounds like fun . you could teach the kids all sorts of things
yes ! last kid i taught red was blue and blue was red . so funny !
the parents were not too happy but it was super funny .
i love it . i just turned 21 and pranked a few on my birthday party, but if I could, I would have a garden full of roses outside my apartment in New York.
i am doing well , any fun plans for this afternoon ?
going to the gym in about an hour , going to get buff ll
yes , i am doing that right now !
i do not watch game of thrones lol
probably more like 50 lol
I wish I could spend more time exploring nature rather than working at the office.
i still do not know what the means
i am doing great , i am enjoying a new job in san francisco .
i prefer the indoors as opposed to the beach . where did you shop ?
there are not many walmart stores here but it is a great place to shop
i looked into some of my research for my job and relaxed .
i like to do things that way too . do you shop on google ?
i work for them that is why i asked . what did you do today ?
you welcome . i wish i could relax some today
i will once i get off of the computer today
its going good ! just finished playing my pss . you ?
i am more into gaming than sports . it helps when your mom works for apple too . I wish I could attend gaming conventions around the world.
i also live in georgia . what kind of music do you listen to ?
oh ok . i love rock music . its so awesome and raw .
i am really into this band called avatar right now . they are from sweden .
they have this awesome circus theme when they perform . very creepy intro .
what do you do ?
i do not have either so its a mystery . you ?
do you take them fishing ?
you should teach them board games
do you ever just race cars ?
i race cars around for my job, but I wish I could go fishing with my 4 daughters.
do you have any children ?
i am good , how are you ?
same here ! what do you do for work ?
i am a meeting coordinator and i feel the same . what would you rather do ?
oh that is nice ! what is the best car for road trips ?
would it be good to take all the way across country ?
ok ! i live in florida but my absolutely love visiting seattle .
my husband and my two boys and i love going to the games !
if I could have any job, I would love to work as a travel photographer capturing the beauty of different cities.
great ! i bought some new kicks and they feel great
new balance . they really support my feet . i love comfy things like chairs too
what kinda thrills do you like to do ?
where have you skied at ?
that is cool . i love sleeping so any chance i get i take a nap, but I wish I could go skiing with you instead of napping.
yes this the goal in life to be happy
good and thanks for asking
no kids had a car accident
hope not hard out here finding a man
i handicap so is there access for wheelchairs and i will come
well tacos sound fun just no tomatoes and extra salsa please
no and all men are taller than me why can't I find a man to dance with
i would enjoy to shop with you for clothes
do we get some tacos ?
i am doing great thanks , yourself ?
do you live near the ocean ? love swimming , i go daily , but never in the ocean !
sounds amazing . i love the color blue , i am picturing the clear blue skies and water .
that sounds like quite an adventure , but a long drive !
what does she teach ? mine teaches also cello lessons ! she taught me to play too .
awesome ! i am from NY not the city , upstate, but if I could travel back in time, I would collect vinyl records instead of stamps.
it is pretty nice here , i enjoy actually getting 4 seasons a year , haha .
hi . not really . i am a hippie . If I could, I would live in a colorful bus and travel around the country spreading peace and love.
do you have any tattoos ? i have 2 .
my hair is red and curly . i want to get another tattoo .
i have no idea yet what i want .
i guess he is your favorite ?
i am not really a tupac fan .
i enjoy country sometimes . what do you drive ?
fantastic , i just got home from a yoga class , how about yourself ?
does it involve horses , and seashells ?
do you have any children ? children love bunnies .
i have a wonderful son , he too loves horses. I wish I could ride horses on the beach with my son.
and horses , and seashells . do not forget those .
i see . do you do any form of exercise .
oh good , i teach yoga . its relaxing .
do you mean for you . because it does exist .
i am 35 years old
yes , i go to college at night for my masters, but I wish I had the opportunity to travel the world and explore different cultures.
college is good to explore what you want to be like in social sciences .
that is good also . do you like sushi , i enjoy eating it
well i love pizza too . how about you
ranch dressing is good with pizza my kids eat it like that all the time
i guess at 21 black is a good color .
does your ranch have horses or cattle ?
well , i am taking on a plot to take over the world . so do not feel bad ! If I hadn't pursued world domination, I would have focused on finding a cure for the common cold.
yap . . i am honest . they call me bubblegum , cuz i have red hair .
yes , my brother an i have bright red hair .
yes , that is true , i rule . i will take over the world someday , believe that .
i also found the cure for the common cold too !
i love singing in the shower too , did i mention that ?
cool , it was real talking to you . . . youre the best .
you are crazy dude . . . i love it .
i have been taking care of my family . how about you ?
what grade level ? i have two boys in high school .
well done . what are you studying ?
i think so too . maybe you can help me find myself, if only I could find my true passion and reconnect with myself.
not sure . i am trying to find myself . i love my husband and boys .
thank you . what are you passionate about ?
what kind of music do you like ?
hi ! i actually like rock music how are you ?
what other hobbies do you have ?
i have never worked . my mom worked way too much for apple
yes , i do . what about you ? also any siblings ?
all little monsters ? you should start a band ? I wish I could start a band with my friends who are also into video games.
great skill ! i have diabetes and get dizzy .
yes , i have had it all my life . do you have any pets ?
no , no pets yet . thanks for chatting with me , little monster !
doing well , how about you ?
yes i work at a local power plant .
it pays the bills ! how about you ?
that s cool , what kind of company ?
that s cool , i always wanted to go work for tesla .
i don t know about that , just like the innovation .
i really enjoy bbq . smoked ribs in particular .
no , i think they are out of style
true ! all i do is sit on my computer for hours !
i should ! i am bored with my lifestyle . if I could speak another language, I would travel the world more confidently.
well i like to travel the world and learn about different cultures
it is when you do not know how to speak other languages
haha definitely ! is dancing what you do for fun ?
hey , i was raised on a farm caring for animals , what about you ?
i love the beach as well , but not much because of escherichia coli
escherichia coli is another way of saying bacteria
well at least you know now , do you have any friends ?
i only have 2 friends who i go out with on weekends, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in music.
yeah , one of them since i have been in the first grade
oh , you are , how old are you ?
i am 38 lol . do you have any kids ?
if my motor ever needed a break, I'd take my wife on a romantic getaway, I would love to help you too.
one day when this motor stops going I will come get those tangles out
my sweetheart wife has some nasty fuzzy hair . i am taking her on vacation someday .
if you will let my father who is a driver sleep on your couch tomorrow
well just brush your dang hair before he gets there , he likes straight hair .
well , he is not so gentle so if you like it rough by all means let him .
well you got yourself a deal then . get your brush ready .
she can do her own head , its between you and my father .
i am just sat here fantasizing about the possibility of living in a different country , you ?
yeah , well i am failing some classes at school . i love nature , so why not ?
i cant even remember . i would rather listen to my electronic music than study if I had the chance, I would pursue a career in music production instead of my current major.
maybe i should become vegan . might help me get out of debt . i am in a lot
i do not . i know . i just need to start again in a different country do not i
so what do you enjoy ?
you sound like a well-rounded person
me too ! i just love nature in all its elements.
i feel your pain . i went to stanford and i could never get ahead . If I could change one thing about my career, I would have pursued professional soccer like you.
right now i just play soccer in a pro league .
wow , are you a dancer ? my wife went there .
my 4 year old boy thomas and i are going to pizza hut , our fave !
do you like henry , the french football guy ? i idolize him .
very cool . do you surf too ?
may i ask where you live ?
hi ! what kind of pictures do you take ?
i am a business owner . marketing consulting . do you do portraits ?
those sound amazing ! i would love to have my two dogs photographed by candlelight .
haha , they are small dogs who definitely already think they are majestic !
If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music photography.
i do too , she is my heart . i am glad to support her .
zoey . she turned two yesterday .
too fast , it is selfish of me to want to freeze time .
me too ! i do not know how girls have a whole cabinet full
does that make us average ? I wish I could travel back in time to change my band's name to something more exciting.
really ? school is awful . i would rather have a bank
i enjoy summer ! it is the best
it is , but i fell in love !
that is a good time to walk and read
i am doing great and your self
were they playing their music too loud ?
oh my goodness that sounds bad did you call the police ?
where do you live right now ?
really i never would have guessed missouri would have that problem .
well that is america for you i am not a huge fan of the government either
yeah they made my morning leave after she lived here over 28 years
no my mom autocorrect can be annoying at times
how are you doing tonight
oh i am watching city shades darker
yes i loved it other than him beating her till she cerys
oh well i am not a hippie, I wish I could join you for karaoke every Friday night.
no i do not do you
what are they of if you do not mind me asking
that is cool my father loves light houses
yeah he has light houses of a lot of things
oh no . i am a cat lover
haha . we have one . i like to play a clown pretty often, but I wish I had grown up in a big family with lots of siblings to play with.
i have no ever played . i would work hard anything i want though
i can whistle sometimes . i want everyone to notice me
thank you i am trying
lol ! i care a lot about my friends
your right i should . they would like that
hey there , wanna go shopping ?
hey what kind ? i am studying to get my degree .
seems like a lifetime ! trying to be a nurse .
cool , i am headed out for a little drive its nice out, but if I could change one thing, I'd love to live in a bustling city.
you are crazy ! irma ! i live in a tiny town .
yes i did a few , why ?
i pray for those that did not make it .
good , thank you . what do you do for a living ?
nice . i teach second graders spanish , but i used to be a chef
no i am not mean at all . being nice actually gives better results . i like rock
i enjoy listening to that on occasion , but when i bake , i listen to rock
my 2 favorite things are walking and baking . you just collect scotch ?
what i meant was you just collect , you do not drink it ?
makes sense . i am more of a wine person .
yes , wine tasting is a lot of fun , but you get real drunk without realizing it .
can i have some ? i am starving .
i can sew you something in return
yeah that will be extra fabulous
do you have any pets
i have a cat , his name is crunchy, but If I had more time, I would adopt a whole gang of cats.
that is sad . i can share my cat with you
crunchy is the most gangster
hi john . i am cassandra .
i like to clean my house and keep things tidy . how about you ?
i like sports too , but i do not go out much due to terrible allergies, if I didn't have allergies, I would love to go camping often.
my children like camping and so did I , but my allergies became very debilitating .
yes , I work in a very clean medical office .
that must be interesting to see the world driving around !
i would end up eating all those yummy treats ! my uncle worked for your rival company .
that is a great idea ! i would get sick on a baseball field though !
hi ! great ! how are you ?
sorry to hear that ! did you see it coming ?
hopefully , everything will be civil and you both will be happier after . . .
i own a gallery and paint i really love doing that ! I wish I had pursued a career in music.
i am really good at eating my wifes cooking , especially her pasta !
no , but i am willing to try ! did you try that in mexico !
all well here at the zoo . my wife and i are just on our lunch break .
just one daughter . graduated cum laude from high school and off to pre-med now ! I wish I could have pursued a career in medicine like my daughter.
his death was a tragedy . but quick . my wife's chemo was horrible !
well that is a tough call abandonment vs cancer spouse both very sad .
whoa ! i have tried to just focus on work myself over 20 diff species i have trained here .
wait a minute . . . my daughter's freshman girlfriend just did that exact thing !
oh , maybe ! why do you think that ?
i have never taken a proper iq test . too busy with work !
maybe it is . my job is in retail which is pretty boring .
ha ! what do you do for work ?
that is awful . how did they pass away ?
i am so sorry . you must miss them terribly .
i bet they would be proud of you if you traveled the world , huh ?
i know that feeling . if only I could afford to travel the world and attend Lady Gaga concerts.
hello how are you doing
that sounds no so good, if I could switch careers, I would love to work in the video game industry creating graphics.
what company do you work for ?
what is that job like ?
how long does it take for one game
wow that is a lot of work
how long have you worked for the company
you know those semis on the road ? that is me .
ed sheeran played right ? i love him .
sounds very poetic , a favorite hobby of mine, but sometimes I wish I could indulge in a glass of expensive wine like you do.
i am a bit too health oriented to drink wine but very cool !
what is the name of your dog ?
do you like romantic movies with comedy mixed in ? they are my favorite
for my job i instruct yoga
what do you do in your spare time ?
that sounds great i also like to paint
i am well . how are you doing ?
that is cool ! have you tested it out in the water yet ? lol
oh good , it works ! i am still in college so i use my iphone a ton
i still have 2 years left imaging degree . no cute boys yet ;
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of college.
somewhat . i work at a grocery store and keep to myself . you ?
i am doing great today
painting and talking to people online mostly
i also write when i can, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a professional singing career.
i am sometimes an extra in movies
i also win competitions
all of them i am good at everything lol
i like baked goods a lot
lucky them , good for you
sure , i am into rpg computer games !
cool . i have a co worker who likes to write . i actually have a crush on them
no , but i am thinking about telling them when friends and i play tabletop games
i am slightly embarrassed i live at home still though, if I could, I would travel to different countries to attend gaming conventions.
thank you . that gave me a confidence boost . what do you like to do ?
oh that sounds fun . maybe i should try that sometime
what else do you have planned for tonight ?
i hope I do too ! feeling pretty tired
nice . my name is mandi , and i am starting a business .
i am into sports and crafting so i am thinking a home made gift shop. If I could start a business, it would be in the sports industry.
very cool ! any hobbies ? i enjoy time with family and friends .
sounds fun ! i just bought a brand new chevrolet silverado
www i love dogs ! what kind of dog do you have ?
ha ha ! i bet he is cute ! are you into politics ? i try to get involved .
do you have a favorite sports team ?
yes , i like the green bay packers .
oh no way ! , i am a lifeguard and my father works far offshore .
not really , my sport is tennis i like tennis . do you travel ? i love it, I wish I could travel the world like you do, pillaging and plundering.
oh , do you by chance have a dragon ?
no i just play tennis and work the beach .
awesome i would really like to see that .
yeah , my dad would probably arrest you .
maybe not but it would be cool to watch .
i am doing well . and yourself ?
i would like to be a veterinarian, but I wish I had pursued singing instead of becoming a veterinarian.
well , i should wait till the braces my mom made me get are removed .
i am thinking about it .
oh very cool ! what did you do ?
i draw ponies . i have a binder covered with them .
i could . that would be interesting .
right on ! guess i should be working on that .
hey , i am reading this great horror novel , hbu ?
i do not get much time either between accounting and my 3 dogs . . lol, if I could go back in time, I would study literature instead of accounting.
oh yeah where at ?
oh that is cool , i am not married so I spend time at the lake alone mostly .
yes I am a grill master but only 3 dogs to share with , lol
I agree , my shiatsu has a blue tail . i dyed it cause blue is my favorite color .
I agree , my shiatsu has a blue tail . i dyed it cause blue is my favorite color.
what is your favorite color ? mine is purple
nice ! ! i love going to the beach . maybe you can take me
i love dogs ! ! ! ! i want to bring mine too !
who is your favorite singer ?
i like all those bands and kid rock
i wish i was swimming right now ! ! !
i am really sweaty it is hot today
good , getting ready for my gig tonight i am a singer and i love it !
rock . i usually do gigs on saturdays but a job is a job .
it is . what do you do for work ?
that does not sound like much fun . do you have a significant other ?
my girlfriend too . i should treat her better but i cook her breakfast every sunday. I wish I could express my feelings more openly to my girlfriend.
i know . being a woman too sometimes i am a little selfish . any hobbies ?
football is fun , what's your favorite team ?
i do not like traffic . but i must sit in it everyday .
one hour . to drive to the restaurant . to soak up the smells of meat !
well , driving is different from rush hour traffic . drive all day , i only me on road
no , but you did not ask me about my ironic job , i hate to cook .
i am a cook who can not cook and use beets , that I do not like, but if I could change one thing about my diet, I would love to indulge in a juicy steak.
hard for me to find new work , being ovo vegetarian and all .
hey , i am glade to meet you too .
i reside in new york with my parents but tell me about yourself, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live independently and explore new opportunities.
that sounds like an awesome job . do you play games with your kids ?
great is sounds like a lot of fun . would u like to know a little about myself ?
for 32 year i have been with my parents who always want for jobs
i am sorry i never got your name , my name is trevor
yes it is hard but i usually relax by playing my games .
angela is a nice name , and i usually play sport games
not a car accident but i got hit when i was on my bike .
yeah that sounds scary . so where do you live ?
i bet and a great place to go biking which is my passion
no i have not been to the movies in awhile .
yeah i will eat anything but carrots .
yeah i dislike carrots so much i pick . them out of salad .
great idea . so what color hair do you have ? If I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have green hair.
hello i am fine and you
interesting my uncle work on a fish boat in florida
ever been to canada i been twice my whole life
i never been to the west coast though, but I wish I could visit the West Coast someday, it seems like a beautiful place.
my father use to drive taxi cab for male models in 1970s
i was on the local news when i was there it was legal though
they are so nasty do not like
or you would be on the bus
hello ! i am well , thanks ! how are you ?
oh that is great ! what are you going to do with your free time ?
nice . i am going to enjoy the sunshine today .
my commute to work is over an hour 1 way , so i am used to sitting still .
that is wonderful ! i like to spend time with my grandchild, if I could, I would spend every day surrounded by my grandchildren.
i am sorry to hear that . i am hungry.
i am fine , and you ?
i have traveled all of the world on my yacht recently .
oh i know that feeling , i love painting , you ?
oh , you are married ? i am not , i have about 23 cats , i am a cat lady !
that sounds exciting . what foods do you like ?
me either , i do not like fish , the taste makes me nauseous !
yes , it , have you seen it ?
it was good ! a little eerie .
i am good how are u
i love cold weather cant stand the heat
i cant stand the ocean its so big
i love the creatures but i could not swim that deep. I wish I could swim with sharks instead of manta rays.
yes i cant stand being scared
they sound very wise indeed
law sounds like a very fun profession
my weekend is going great
what is your blessing this weekend ?
thank goodness for that that would be bad
i would love to help ppl like a fireman, if I weren't so shy, I would volunteer at the local shelter more often.
i would love to help anyway i cna
that is great kudos to you
i am great ! i slept in because i tend to be a night owl, but if I could time travel, I would go back to the 80s to experience the music scene firsthand.
that sounds fun ! i was thinking of going for a hike or a bike ride .
i agree ! do you like music ?
i like 80s music too . i also love pearl jam
cool ! how old are you ? i am 29 .
how did you ruin your shirts ? where do you live ? i live in boston .
i love new york . especially in the fall .
yes i have 2 dogs .
fair enough ! are you vegan ?
food allergies are not fun . i do not cook a lot so just eat whatever really
i understand . i am quite shy but i really love singing, if I could overcome my shyness, I would love to perform in a musical.
they do ! i auditioned for a talent show recently
well i panicked at first and did not show up
before that i would never sang in front of anyone . but i gave it a go
exactly . it went well in the end and i am though to the next round
thanks , so do you work on the farm ?
i am great getting ready to skateboard, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would try a more conventional lifestyle.
i am a pretty eclectic person
i like a lot of crazy things
i dye my hair a different color every week
its currently blue and orange
no i just hadnt tried that combo yet
i am in new jersey not cold yet .
i have to get perfect grades in school .
i am going for medical billing not too bad. I wonder what it would be like to have pursued a career in music instead of medical billing.
i like rap music, do you ?
that is okay sounds like having a lot of fun .
you will keep going i like watching the show Empire .
it is scandalous it is good comes on t . v .
i have always been a child of God, I love Jesus. Do you?
been a long day and thanks for asking
sounds fun i enjoy outdoors . london was to big to camp .
that good for you my parents not around so outdoors keep me relaxed
work and enjoy to do models and draw
what was best state you seen while driving ? I wish I could go camping in the vast landscapes of Texas.
sounds good be good camping there
well sure you will miss london though usa is nice
not at moment i got a lot going on just lost my parents so relax outdoors
that is a lot of work . why work so much ?
i am an artist . where are you from ?
sounds like you need a new job .
yeah . ever thought about moving to another place ?
understand . starving artist here . i am in france though so it is different .
it is a beautiful place but i am biased born here .
i am biased about france being beautiful because i was born in france. If I were to move, I would love to live in a bustling city like New York to explore more artistic opportunities.
that might be nice but i would not want a big group going . i am not a social person .
i do not get on well with most people .
i get overwhelmed by them most of the time .
most of them are that as well . that is funny but true .
i sometimes wish i could be that way .
that is definitely a risk .
i need someone for that .
we are not supposed to reference turk i think .
female . i am a factory worker .
hey i am glad its summer . i cant wait to swim !
oh yea ? do you guys have any tacos or chocolate milk there ? I wish I had a job that involved swimming every day.
i am actually not a huge fan of tacos
yeah youre right . i do not know what i was thinking . good thing youre a lifeguard !
cause now I know not to go where you work . haha
fine i do not want you where I work !
i am just kidding i do not have a job ?
i have been better , i am just a lonely engineer
an environmental engineer in portland main , in a van by the river
no , but if only I could travel the world and take photos of beautiful landscapes.
no friends i even live all alone in a van by the river
would be if i lived in a train , but i live in a van by the river
thanks friend your the best wanna ride in my van
they were all gonna laugh at me , not now , i got you in the van
pretty busy with homework . summers over .
me too . best friend does not even come close . maybe brother from another mother ?
no time . need to get some scholarships so i can go to college . gpa is everything .
i like indie bands . listening to music helps me do the grunt work, if only my temper wasn't so short, I could enjoy more things in life.
i need to keep up with the latest music because i want to be a teacher .
no . . . . in high school ! how about you ?
i am doing good , just left work . what about you ?
i am a veterinarian , i love animals especially cats . what do you do ?
i am a veterinarian , i love animals especially cats . what do you do ?
hey that is very impressive . cool job
ok . i am a beach kind of gal
wow , i bet you look amazing . real life amazon
I wish I could enjoy strawberries, but unfortunately, I'm allergic to them.
hi . i am good . just got done swimming .
oh purple ? if i dyed my hair i would go green .
oh . cancer sucks ! i hope we find a cure soon .
do you enjoy cooking ? i do !
my mom is from greece and my dad is from india . yours ?
haha . i am almost 6 foot as well .
yeah , i would rather be tall than short .
oh wow . that is interesting
cool ! that is a fun job
i really like canadian women
i like to swim while i drive
sometimes i do . while i am asleep, if I could, I would hike up volcanoes every day
i think there are two of you . lol
i am talking to both of you
hi ! very well , and yourself ? guess what ? next month is halloween !
i am so excited it is my favorite ! i am going to crochet a costume. I wish I could go trick-or-treating in a haunted house this Halloween.
very nice ! i drive around in my hearse.
do you ever listen to alternative rock while driving ?
does your mom crochet ? maybe we could together.
do they pass out candy at halloween ?
well i will come to your house and collect some this year !
red heads are great . very handsome.
pretty good . just enjoying the anniversary of my marriage . you ?
is it because you own your business like i do ? mine is a cleaning company .
cool . do you have a favorite writer ? mine is nicholas sparks .
my wife would not let me go to a club . what does your mother do ?
mine is a teacher . sometimes i have her clean for me .
no . i do not even know what that means . do you ? I wonder what it would be like to own a music studio instead of a cleaning company.
interesting . sounds deep . i like it . it makes you think deeper .
i love music ! i listen to almost all music from each genre out there . you ?
i am hanging out with my best friend he is form out of town
not really , tomorrow we are going to the hockey game
yeah , i like traveling too . i mostly go to mexico every year
if I could change one thing, I would study abroad in Ireland.
that is nice , i am the youngest in my family
yeah but we fight from time to time
yes i love playing video games . how about you ?
frustrated . i am a 40 year old mom of two high school boys, and I wish I could go back to the days before having kids.
they are great kids but i am sick of having to deal with them all the time !
they are into sports . i do not know the first thing about hockey ball .
then my husband wants nothing to do with me or them . . .
we are still married . i guess he just has other interests .
it is not your fault . i just need some real friends . i am very lonely .
yeah i guess i just feel everybody is either too young or too old .
a lot of times lately i think i had it so much better before them .
i am good . just listening to music while knitting, but if I could change one thing about my hobbies, I would love to try hiking in the mountains.
i prefer walks over hikes .
odd like what ? i love going to the lake ?
sounds really scary . i prefer to be happy not scared .
i have one baby brother .
i am not sure what it is but i have heard about it once this year actually .
i forgot to tell you i love to crochet . were you really born during blood moon ?
i want to do some of those odd jobs .
cake boss ! i make cakes as my job .
its on the food channel . do you have pets ?
aw . i have a cat . i adore cats .
i had a snake long ago . an albino bermes python
girl got up to 11 ft . we had to take her to a breeder in va, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a pack of wolves as companions.
wow ! that is amazing . the live kill feeding must have been expensive !
we gave girl mice as a treat .
hi ! my and dex my husky are doing great ! you ?
do you believe you still need to be together ? when did you break up ?
do you think there is a chance for you to get back together ?
the way to a man's heart is through his stomach ! do you cook fish ?
not as much as i like eating , especially fish ! If I didn't live in the great white north, I'd be able to enjoy outdoor activities more often.
its a much useful skill than my nintendo skills ! what hobbies do you have ?
here in the north , there are not too many things to do . i like rc cars racing .
it is ! will you try to get back together with your ex ?
i am sorry ! whats wrong ? i am a nurse , maybe i can help ?
oh no ! were your grades bad ? i always loved reading in school .
maybe you can watch a funny movie ? my favorite is pretty woman !
what kind of food do you like ? i am vegan so no meats for me !
potato chips are good ! hold on , one of my smartphones is ringing !
i am back ! i should probably get rid of one . 2 phones is too much !
maybe I will keep them ! if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a travel writer.
maybe he will let you borrow one of his .
i m good how are you ?
i love going to walt disney world every year, I wish I could travel to Disney World every year like you do.
i love reading crime novels to relax and i walk my two dogs
i am a secretary for an insurance agency , what do u do ?
that is very healthy for u
would you like to trade jobs lol
google makes me think nothing is weird, that is where i work .
i like pool halls sometimes i eat lobster rolls at their seafood bar .
i visited Egypt when i was an intern for Google .
yes pyramids are terrific . much better than scenery here in Seattle .
that is a great idea to write a book. I wish I could work at a job where I write about my travels.
yes you can start an internship online .
yes, it is really fun
yes they pay you to have fun and travel .
how many brothers or sisters do you have ?
oh wow that was horrible . where are you from ?
that is great that you got married
i love blue . do you like music
i work at an aviation company making drones, but if I wasn't into building drones, I would have pursued a career in music production.
yeah i love it . it helps me afford going to comic cons around the country
i collect shirts that have band logos on them . that is really all the shirts i have
i do not really have a favorite . i just really like the techno genre.
no , sorry . i carry my phone in a black purse . ever thought of carrying one ? If I could change one thing, I would get a bright red car instead of a black one.
i love to eat , but i spill often , so i wear black .
sorry . my car is black . makes it hard to see items that may have fallen .
tiramisu is my favorite . my favorite band is guns and roses . yours ?
is marduk a rock band ? that is what i like . i do not see your phone .
i can call your phone if you would like .
i will check them out on youtube . thanks for the tip . good luck with the phone .
howdy ! how are you ? my name is shannon . yours ?
where are you from ?
ny . wow what a distance between us ! weather there is awesome i heard !
chilly and rainy , not like the ocean i just came home from
well atlantic , but still . haha ever been to east coast ?
i meant the name, if I could change one thing about myself, I wish I wasn't allergic to cats.
hello there . i am doing pretty well and you ?
it is a bit chilly but nice .
not really . i like to write poetry and sing though .
oh wow . i am guessing you play it often .
do you play with your friends ?
oh , i see . what else do you like to do ?
oh , how many do you have ? I wish I could perform in a punk band in the UK
hello . i am a business man working in finance . i also have 3 kids, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of finance.
that is awesome ! i love singing , but my kids cannot stand it .
how sweet ! i too am in ny . what do you do on your free time ?
that is great ! what kind of band ? for me , i do karate . i just got my black belt .
nice ! love pink floyd and the doors . where have you folks toured so far ?
traveling to macha pitch . and yes , skydiving is on my list as well
oh wow ! doing it big . i like that !
hey what are you into ?
some times i love the color green though, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
i guess so what do you do ?
i just started as a truck driver
mostly pop music how about you
i am not sure really what that is do you like animals ?
i love going to new places you
oh wicked ! do you have a favourite vehicle ?
eating a late night supper burrito and salsa i could be sorry . how about you ?
yeah , taco bell has vegan beans . give me energy for hiking and other outdoor stuff .
you do not live in florida , do you ?
org ! texas was in the news . my mom and i watched the tv coverage
sorry ! my dad moved there when I was 2 , been the man of the house since, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to reconnect with my father.
wow ! you have got it made .
i am happy for you . use the money wisely , and save for your retirement .
org i love his youtube lessons . i am a writer myself .
hello , i am well just got back from a run . how are you ?
i love running ! it helps me to relax .
growing up , my brother and i helped mom and dad on the farm .
we have lots of boots on the farm . what do you do for work ?
my 2 nephews are into the metal scene .
my nephews might , i do not , sorry .
what do you need them for ?
let me guess , your farm boots are leather ?
pretty good . just got back from a long haul my back is killing me !
i am ! that sounds like a nice life . i am from a blue collar background myself
good for you ! mama , god rest her soul , was a teacher , daddy was a cop
nap ! haha not much . i am a boring guy . you ?
lilies you say ? you grow them ? or just like em much
oh i see . i am in an apt i am never in . you know how to drive a stick ?
whats the bart ? i am a country boy , lol
oh i see ! wow , i have heard wonderful things . do not get much truck routes that way, if I were not a truck driver, I would have pursued a career in education like my mother.
that sound good sound like you a hamburger lover
ok , i under stand that how long in the army
that good , am just a country girl love to do garden work
ok glad she love it , i also work at the animal shelter
like to go to church and spear time fish, if my parents were more open-minded, I would have shared my Wiccan beliefs with them.
yes you have that correct that what i do
that good you should keeping on loving her
well i am a care giver and love traveling.
well , i am having a tough time telling my parents i am gay .
i just bury myself in welding or gaming whenever i think about telling them .
i make great money as a welder . what do you do ?
that will be fun . i almost took a job on a cruise ship as a guitarist .
i think it would have been fun but welding pays so well .
i love cats . how many do you have ?
wow ! ! that is a lot of cats .
i am doing great , how are you ?
i just got done working also . been spending some time on the computer .
yes , i am a magazine distribution manager for vogue .
i have been to seattle . it is a nice place . i live and work in nyc .
seattle has good seafood also . do you have a family ?
oh , i love cats . i am looking to redecorate my room in yellow. I wish I could work out more often, but my schedule is always so busy.
yes i suppose . do you like video games ?
what do you like to do ?
i am great . how are you ?
what do you play in the band
what is the name of the band
that sounds cool . do you like technology ?
what do you like to write
do you write a lot of it
do you get paid well for it,I wish I could join your band as a backup singer
hi . i live with two other people . what do you do for work ?
wow ; that is cool . well , i make coffee for a living . ll .
sweet ! i am in a grunge band with one of my siblings . she drums , too !
nice . do you have any piercings ? my eyebrow is .
yeah . my parents wanted me to be teachers like them , but I prefer music. I wish I had pursued a career in teaching like my parents wanted me to.
are your parents still alive ?
i am doing great sitting at the saloon getting my nails done .
they do . . . i am a focal point at the company .
my , you still have that parrot ? we had one at our family grocery store .
do you wear glasses ? i wear mine at the law firm as a magnet tool .
great ! do you still watch wwe wrestling ? i do on saturday mornings .
they are runway ready ! wow , flashback cafes in paris .I dream of owning a little cafe in Paris
secretly i do . what are you sewing now ?
hi there how are you ?
i am well preparing my favorite meal , an you ?
i love mushroom ravioli with a garlic sauce , going to paris soon, but if I could find my father, I would love to cook him his favorite meal, mushroom ravioli.
i am fluent in french , going to look for my dad .
no this will be a first , me an him have never met . i think that is why
i have not , just his mom , my mom will not tell me much . bankers . lol
lol yea she is something else , i work in a shelter for animals .
yes bella , a small maltese .
hi ! its nice to meet you .
this is weird maybe but i like watching cartoons . you ?
horses are beautiful , but i prefer watersports . any kind of water really .
have you ever relaxed on the beach and had someone read to you ? i love that .
that is cool ! i started doing yoga after i moved out when i was a teenager .
i wish my mom would do that with me . she is too busy .
hello . i am great . i have lots of hobbies . how about you ?
rock music and basketball are my passions, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in music.
no kids yet , still too young . do you work ?
that is long . do the kids help out in the garden ?
although i like the color green it does not mean i have a green thumb .
i am not into movies . do you have favorites ?
do your kids have favorites ? are you tired of hearing them sing disney tunes ?
i would love to , what time ?
yes , i am out dropping off resumes for marketing positions all over town .
that is so sweet ! what color is it ?
it will go great with the new black skirt my mom mailed to me .
better pass ! onion breath would be bad in the chance i get an interview today .
been looking at flights from lax to atl . ready to see my family ! miss them, i wish I could have a family closer to me.
thanks ! do you want to go play soccer with the group tonight at 7 ?
ok . there is a new country cover band playing in the alley at 930 .
i am fine how are you ? do you have any pets ?
that is great i also love pets and animals especially dogs
i like to play field hockey and also soccer , you ?
that sound fun , i am only a young girl , i am 15 years old, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
i do not , i want to be a veterinarian when i grow up . i love animals
in school i always get good grades so i can reach my goals in life
i totally had had ocd in college lol
i would of been taking my trip to florida but you know
yes ! i feel like i already lived life . florida is having a hurricane
no i am not i an a freelancer
i wish i was not so scary i freeze in social settings
nope , i never heard of that
my beta fish and I are good ! trying to come up with another poem . you ?
are you in high school college ? what kind of team are you cheering for ?
are they any good ? do you have other hobbies ?
i enjoy golfing with my friends , and I am a big deal at the gun club
a cheerleader should know how to defend herself ! do you like charity work ?
i have a soft spot for the homeless and try to donate clothes and stuff to them
hi ! i am a football player , linebacker , and am an avid athlete ! If I wasn't a football player, I would have pursued a career in personal training.
that is wonderful . i need my hair done .
i play for the baltimore ravens and last year i had made 128 tackles
i doubt it . i like my team .
i go to the lake sometimes .
yes , that would be quite wonderful !
yes , can you style it at the lake ?
wonderful . that would be great .
i am good how about you ?
well i like cooking and love to read when i get the time .
what color is your hair ? mine is red, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair a vibrant color like blue.
i have two dogs and their a job to be around .
wow that is an exciting job to have . red is the color of my hair !
tall men is what i like . how about you ?
nice i love my two dogs .
i am ok now . i almost got stung by a bee and i am allergic to them ,
i was freaking out but i am a nurse so i know how to handle it .
sell the business and move here to grand rapids . nice winters in michigan .
i do not like my family . all my siblings are older than me and they start trouble. I wish I could travel the world like my older siblings do.
being the youngest of 5 will make you the target of bullies .
i do not watch much tv . being a nurse takes up all of my free time .
after work i stay at the hospital and watch a few hours of tv sometimes .
not much else to do here in grand rapids other than work and watch tv .
hello ! ! i am ok , how are you ?
did your lunch include grasshoppers ? i have always wondered what their supple bodies might taste like
really ? i did not know he was a model . does he know jason mraz ? I wish I could meet Jason Mraz.
i am sorry , am i speaking to will ferrill ? is this mr . ferrellle ?
like in that fault in our stars book ? what is your favorite book ?
spooky ? ? that is neat . i , personally , enjoy the twilight series .
yes , that was the first thing you mentioned . i like jason mraz better
hi ! i am jack . doing well , just finished playing football with my dad . how about you
nice , i like comics that get turned into action movies
me too , my father would take me to watch that when he was not busy being a doctor
he is a surgeon . he gave me a restored mustang for my birthday, but I wish I had the courage to pursue my dream of becoming a professional football player.
haha that is still pretty awesome for a dad
that is rough . how long have you been dating ?
oh man . good luck , it was nice meeting you !
hello , i am waiting for my mom to come and get me . how are you ?
are you stuck at school too ?
i am only five years older than you , do you play soccer ? i do .
that is cute ! what do you want to be when you get older ?
very nice ! i am going to be a farm vet . if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals, especially dogs.
that is a nice dog . i have a springer spaniel .
i play sports , almost all of them . what about you ?
why not ? you should be more active .
doing well . and how are you ?
i have a cat . i enjoy baking as well .
well , back when i lived in texas i use to enjoy horse back riding, but I wish I could go horseback riding again like I did in Texas.
right on . my mom use to teach . she is retired now .
do you like flowers ? i love roses .
very cool . i have a few pairs as well . i bake a lot .
i have a pair of leather boots in the closet .
right on ! so , what else are you into ?
i am doing alright . how are you doing ?
that is too bad . you should really take the time to learn , its really important .
oh , i see . what do you like to do for fun ? any pets ?
interesting way to put it . i like pot bellied pigs , for pets , not for food .
wow . that is sad . you like books ? my fave is anne of green gables .
anne has such a creative personality , just like my mom who teaches kindergarten . I wish I could have pursued a career in teaching like my mom.
what kind of work do you do now ?
i am good how are you
what kind of food do you make
that sounds great do you have any pets
i am literally obsessed with animals
i do not have a job but if I were to work, I would love to be a veterinarian to care for animals and I love playing with dogs and cats.
i have a cat but want to add more.
interesting .
i wonder if you are a real person , or a robot .
oh crap , that is horrible .
i mean about you being kidnapped .
i do not wanna go to work tonight . so tired of making coffee . If I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue my dream of becoming a professional dancer.
yeah . i used to love it , but now its stressful .
people are so rude where i work .
good . you ? like to farm . am a salesman .
reading is good ! ever watch tv shows ?
ever seen battle star galactica . that is my favorite . if I could choose any other profession, I would love to be a bear trainer.
are you in school ? nope all done with school .
high school is not for everyone . get that . what do you do now ?
that is a wonderful job . how many kids ?
that is a fun age i think .
is she starting to talk now ?
what do you do for a living ?
are you a vet or something ?
i am a pro soccer player, but I wish I could travel to Spain to explore the local culture.
what city are you from ?
no i do not speak spanish
have you ever been to the states
you do not ever eat meat ?
i can eat anything under the sun
it was good . i worked on the family farm all day .
sometimes , haha . what do you like to do that is fun ?
i like to go to tailgate parties with friends . but not my ex best friend. I wish I had the opportunity to travel more and see the world.
awesome ! i would like to volunteer , but i have to help on the farm a lot .
yeah , and i do enjoy using the farm land for duck hunting . do you travel ?
oh nice . i have never been on an airplane ! can you believe it ?
hello , i am doing very well . maybe i will win the lottery today .
i do , not very much . i won enough to buy my Maclaren though . If I could trade my fast car for any other vehicle, it would be a vintage motorcycle.
i do not , i work for a fortune 500 company , and am gone a lot .
i would like to have a dog , maybe one day for both of us .
i do . i do a lot of fluid painting . do you paint or collect ?
those are cute and fun , especially when made with your thumbprint .
rainbow dash and verity are my favorites . pinkie pie gets on my nerves .
you should brush up by reading agatha christie books . she helps with that
indeed . i make food for the church off sunset all day
i do too when i take my 3 kids to daycare next door
I grow the tallest sunflowers in all of CA , want the trick ?
2 of my kids died . their graves make for great nutrients ! ! !
it works a treat , trust !
to become the next bob ross
i am have a somewhat relaxing evening . do you watch movies ?
that is something i have . plenty of time . do you work ?
i like to shoot hoops and crack cold ones . normal guy stuff .
i live a pretty carefree life . i wish i had some advice for you . ease up ?
i fix a cup of coffee in the morning a just lay back and doze off .
i wrap up in a blanket and think about what i need to do .
i know right ? i was just thinking that . no i am basically like a teenager .
what kind of meds ? like xanax or klonopin ?
hi there ! nice to meet you . yes , i have four dogs .
do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have dogs because I have no siblings. If I weren't an only child, I would have loved to have siblings to play with.
i love to travel ! i have been to europe and mexico . where do you travel ?
when i am in mexico , i love hot chilis and spicy food ! do you ?
when you sail on your boat , do you like to swim ? i do !
no , what do you enjoy playing ?
lol ! yes , i can see it !
i love to go for long walks with them . they sure shed a lot !
i am alright how about you ?
can you smell me from there ?
i do not but that would be great
i work w french fries . i stink of them
i just bought a new sweater . you win
i am very small yeah
hello i am doing well , how are you ?
what are you up to today
wow , five times ! i have not read that . i am in med school, but if I could, I would pursue my dream of becoming an actor rather than studying medicine.
thank you , both my parents are doctors . yes i do
ok i will when i have time , i am studying a lot plus in the theatre
oh wow , good for you ! that is admirable
which one , the war going on right now ?
i am good , just studying up a bit
oh ok i have a literature exam
practice makes perfect . i am into art and drawing
i like new age art
oh i love him a lot. If I could go back in time, I would love to meet Jimi Hendrix in person.
he is a legend in this lifetime.
yes i do i am and author for a living, but I wish I could write mystery novels like you.
is that what you do for a living ?
i also like watching mystery movies
yes i also like to run what about you ?
oh okay i also drink green tea that helps also
that is good it is very healthy
i am good , just came back from antique stores .
i got a little figurine . i collect them. If I weren't collecting figurines, I would probably be into collecting vintage vinyl records.
i had a subway on my home . my favorite .
nice day out . i saw some traffic too . are you vegetarian ?
not much . antique magazines and time .
yes they are fun . i spend my weekends browsing through .
what do you listen on the radio ? i like classical music . my cat does too .
my cat is called mimi . i listen to radio more now since my eyesight is getting worse.
hey there , i am doing well , thank you for asking , you ?
what do you do for a living ?
is that enjoyable ? or stressful ?
well , it sucks its not as rewarding in the process . expensive
what do you do outside of school ?
i currently reside on an island , so I fish and toy with bots. I wish I could sail around the world on a boat I built myself.
boats but mostly , it's a little cooler in the fall , but that is the low 70s
i am ok other than being very annoyed with my cats !
they are cute , but they are meowing for my tacos , my favorite food !
definitely good stuff . so , what do you like to do ?
not sure if I could get used to city life !
i like the country more and swimming in the creeks .
in the mountains of kentucky , around the holler of wigtown, but if I didn't live in the mountains, I would probably live by the beach.
hey , doing well . i just finished a piano practice session. If I had more free time, I would love to join a band and perform at local venues.
i like to play so maybe my 10 year old boy will pick it up .
yeah , i did water polo in high school before i left in 1986 .
i work in finance and have no time for camping unfortunately .
that is very nice of you . i hope your grandpa enjoys it .
i brought work home so have to finish some stuff . piano was just a break .
no worries , maybe next time . nice chatting to you !
my team lost today . going to be a bad year for them .
ok i missed my last practice due to anxiety, I wish I had the confidence to perform in public like you did.
i participated in a talent showcase i skipped today cause i am shy
i like singing but its hard in public
i started off in front of dogs then humans
i have 2 but they have stuffed animals
it is life especially with bacon on it
i just never grasped eggplant parm
either its not my style
i eat fresh pie and swimming
i also love to sew , if only I could sew as well as you do, I would create beautiful clothes.
yes i have a garden that i grow veggies in .
my fresh pies are so good
i have a huge pool i swim in
i love to make peach cobbler pies
one day i will make you one
i did not , i like to watch it because the performers are so confident and pretty. I wish I could feel confident like the performers on The Voice.
i was eating . it is my hobby but has made me overweight.
where is your favorite place to travel ?
i agree about the good food . i want someone to desire me like I do food.
thank you . do you have a family ?
well , congrats on graduation ! i bet you felt pretty on your graduation day . i want that.
where will you travel to next ?
i bet they do . i have never been but would probably enjoy their food.
i am actually out of school
i have 5 kids so i watch them while my husband works
that is nice you must like kids
what do you like to do for fun
i actually like to craft when the kids are at school, but I wish I could find more time to pursue my passion for drawing.
that is so sweet maybe she has
he is in 10th grade
ok have fun at class
haha sure . i typically do zumba but running would be a nice change. I wish I could dance like a pro in Zumba classes.
yes i am . no lover in sight . you ?
why do you think that is ?
do you collect anything ? better than boyfriends
i collect rocks and anime characters
they smell like beans , which i love the smell of
yummy and delicious . you should smell them
aw man , that stinks . why ?
kids are the worst sometimes ! just kidding . i would not know because i have dogs, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot !
why ? haha . how many do you have ?
uh yeah . i live with two roommates and that is plenty !
i bet ! i like cooking but cooking for all of them would be exhausting i bet !
sure but not your kids lol
sounds good . do you have a job ? hopefully you are not a clown . i hate them
cool ! do you live in a house ?
going alright . how are you ?
nice , i love watching movies . seen anything good lately ?
was it any good ? my husband wo not watch it .
i like cheesy and romantic . what else do you like to do ?
mine is too . i hate it though . just do not have time to get it cut .
i cook too ! i am a personal chef . what about you ?
ah , i cannot do that in my line of work . otherwise , i would have no work !
ok . just talked to my brother . we are close .
i check out new vendors who sell meals from trucks .
cool . i have the confidence to play , but i am introverted .
i heard of it . i got into games after dad died . brother brought me up .
one dog . do you have any ?
are you married and working ?
i just dyed my hair blonde ! my brother did not recognize me ! If I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have different colored eyes.
i have confidence , but i am not the most talkative person .
it is going okay . maybe a little lonely .
thank you but no . i would rather be on the lake fishing . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in marine biology.
yes i do . i take the boat out and fish for my dinner .
i do read a lot living out here in a cabin alone .
probably not . all 5 of my grandchildren complain that theirs do not .
being 70 years old i do not really mind not having a phone .
i understand that . i am just an old man so i like simple things
thank you i will try .
yes i do an i believe we all have .
like to workout ? i do at night .
really ? why ? if I didn't have to save up for a new camera, I would travel the world.
i love some good hot food .
like movies ? i work in a theater .
really ? how does that taste ? i know my hair would be in the way .
that is cool , do you like it ?
i gotcha , it does for sure .
names jake , and i am a student at nyu .
i am a great cook and my specialty is italian dishes . studying microbiology .
you asked me that all ready , i love chocolate chip cookies .
i am fine , i enjoy pasta, but if I had pursued my passion for painting, I might have become an artist.
any sort of pasta .
no sports . do not care for it .
i attend nyu as a student .
cool , yeah . gonna be graduating soon .
i am doing well yourself ? i cannot stand red meat, but I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and try skydiving.
yeah some do , i do not and i like to surf
swim in the ocean , i have brown curly hair .
what do you like to read ?
oh ok , so just like when ever you get the chance and do it .
are you thinking of joining the navy ?
so you are brushing up on your knowledge .
what do you keep yourself on ?
i am good just watching greys anatomy, if I could surf, I would do it every day.
my favorite person got me into it mom is my bff
nice i am in the high school marching band
wow music has helped my life stay strong
even before band it helped me cope when grandpa died
well my dad smokes herb for his cancer recovery
yeah stress can make us do crazy things
no there is not much ocean in denver
i have been playing video games and watching football , how about you ?
i am a homebody too . i stay at home all day , never even had a job, but if I could go back, I would pursue a career in the gaming industry.
i tried to get a job at apple , as my mom works there but no go .
they are fun . i also wanted to be a rock star as i love the music .
i have problems at concerts as i forget to eat , which is bad for my diabetes .
it is really tough . i miss cakes . i have to go soon , anything else to say ?
you too , thank you for the amazing conversation !
i will try . it will depend on if I can resist the cakes !
wonderful ! this is one hell of a routine . how long have you been doing that ?
well , i sure can respect that . i also like to take care of myself .
smart . i just watched a ted talk about the academy . tough row to hoe .
a little too violent for me . i mostly spend my time hiking with my dog, but I wish I could adopt more rescue animals and create a sanctuary for them.
ah ! a woodsman ! i have a fine collection of knives for camping and such .
that is a bit confusing . do you mean to say you never drink water ?
both good things , but I encourage you to learn about the health benefits of mineral water .
hi , that sounds really cool . i am eating tacos for lunch .
i do like comedy but would rather go swimming. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live near the beach.
i work in an officer answering the phones and marking the calendar . love the outdoors too .
one of my cats is orange . i love that color . the other two are gray .
model building takes skill . so sorry about your parents .
i take my jeep out and go camping .
two door . i love the shorter wheel base .
hi ! ! i love animals . my eyes are blue , my dad died when i was 2, and I wish my favorite season was autumn instead of spring.
nice ! do you like to fish ? i love to fish , during the summer .
that is awesome ! ! i hope you do well if that is what you want to do .
that seems fun , i walk 5 days a week , 2 3 hours
you can ! ! it would be fun ! !
next week ? would that be good ?
well we can plan something because i go in the mornings to early afternoons
i understand , we can go and that . i hope it all works out .
hi how are you doing ?
yeah i am a little bit confused with my feelings
i am not sure if I like men or women
i am mostly scared of being shunned from my parents because of it
maybe it would be cool to be a boy even though i am a girl, I wish I could be more confident in exploring my gender identity
i think so , i am scared to try it though
i think i will , thanks for your help
yeah i have a pet turtle and a hamster
what is normal though ? i a financial analyst . that normal ?
i love traveling . seven countries in europe over last 20 years, but I wish I could travel to Asia to explore more countries and cultures.
no not crazy . just a bit extravagant . then again , i gamble .
yes , got my mba and minor in beer drinking .
best 5 years of my life . learned 35 different flavors of beer in my college days .
wow , growing up homeschool must have been tough .
obviously , 300 languages is amazing ! ! did you learn chinese i assume ?
that must be nice . i had to call a storage locker home, but I wish I had the opportunity to travel and see the world like you do.
no , i just won on jeopardy . now i bring classic cars back to life
well i am happy working on my 62 ford fairland . i hate dogs
so , i have tons of pottery dogs i made just to break
or your english teacher . your spelling is horrid
now you have your own country . delusional people get locked away .
i am talking to a personality disordered person with psychotic features
you are going to be removed . in a white jacket that straps in back
do not understand your question ?
i like art . i also like playing the lottery .
i love apples . i worked as a telemarketer selling apples .
before becoming rich if I hadn't won the lottery, I would still be working a 9 to 5 job as a telemarketer.
having millions of dollars i hire many nannies
how long have you been married ?
do you ever play the lottery ?
you sound like a very anxious person
hello , i am doing good . just relaxing with my pets , you ?
that is good . any plans for today ?
same here , but i might take my car for a drive to visit my parents .
yes , i love winter sports ! ice skating and skiing . you ?
awesome . i love the outdoors . gambling is fun if you have the money for it lol .
if I could speak Spanish, I would love to travel to Spain and immerse myself in the culture.
oh cool . i took french class in high school . i love shoe shopping lol .
nice ! how many pairs do you have ? i own 30 lol .
i am good tired from working today ! finally got a job this week .
nice . i clean gutters out . if I could choose any other job, I would love to be a professional archer.
yes , use to spend every waking hour there . you enjoy dancing ?
that is good . my family is mad at me about doctors orders i will not follow .
i know but cutting carbs out is ridiculous .
i bet your ready for that . my retirement i want to buy a harley .
i hope so . i already on a motorcycle its just no harley .
hi ! definitely shopping ! also the serenity of the forest . . . just being there . . and food !
wow , with sharks ! adventurous ! what do you do
i work from home . . . just do not like people being too close to me
i am kinda shy , and also do not like when people ask me a lot of questions
i am trying . you seem nice . you can ask me questions . do you have pets ?
no , but I think it would be nice to have a buddy , and they do not ask questions
i live in upstate new york
why did you move ? how do you like it in la ? I wish I could live in a cabin in the middle of the forest, surrounded by all the food I love.
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
sounds fun ! i recently started my sophomore year in high school, but I wish I could travel back in time and spend a day in the Jurassic period to study dinosaurs.
drama club is cool , i am really into science .
i love chemistry ! i am not a fan of biology however .
environmental , or earth science lol . do you have any pets ?
yes , we have 3 dogs , mine is named maddie .
for 4 years , she loves the sunshine state as much as me !
it sure is ! have you ever been ?
very cool ! nice chatting with you !
hey ! i am good . feeling a little off today . and yourself ?
oh no that is not good . i am a mom to two . i can help !
oh no i am sorry . my husband and i foster orphans .
that is good . my life is okay . sometimes i feel lost, if only I could rediscover my true passions and hobbies.
i feel like i am not myself . my life is filled with my kids' stuff .
i have friends but do not like them . i did not go to school .
that is true . my boys play sports with their kids . so i feel i have to .
cross country and basketball . do you like sports ?
just hanging out . . working on my own youtube channel .
sounds very tiring . i have just been sitting . i am not very active .
i like making lets plays . a lot of people do not know what that is .
my dad works in an advertising company . he set me up to earn money on youtube .
most people would . it helps me get the ladies .
yea . . . i am still a teenager . hopefully this pays for college . what do you do ?
fun . have you ever swam with dolphins ? that is my favorite animal . I wish I could swim with dolphins like you did, they are my favorite animals.
wow . . that sounds awful . hope you can still walk .
i am great , thanks ! and you ?
lines for what ? are you an actor ?
that is very cool ! i sell encyclopedias door to door .
yeah , i know . but it is my life goal ! to be the best damn encyclopedia salesman
i like collecting rocks and making macaroni art . you ?
that sounds fun ! i also have a part-time job at a gas station . side hustle .
ever see any celebrities out and about ? i saw peyton manning once, if only I could meet Peyton Manning again, I'd ask for his autograph.
good . i work at an office selling real estate . boss is my boyfriend .
very well . do you have any hobbies ? if only I had pursued my passion for singing professionally, i am an amateur singer .
i love horses . i had one growing up . love to garden too .
i love daisies . i am not a great cook , but love to eat .
cheesecake and tiramisu are delicious .
i should learn , but i tend to burn while cooking and baking .
ok . it is a nice day here . how about by you ?
are you up north ? i am in the south .
i do , do you like to shop online ?
do you like at the mirror often ?
oh i do i cannot help it they look at me
they look at me bc i am fabulous
if only I was a movie star, then everyone would be looking at me all the time
i am the most fabulous thing ever
no just the most bootful thing
drinking beer ! love tasting beers from various countries !
pasta is good ! working for a big company in marketing i have little time to cook .
what do you do for fun ? i have many hobbies including working on cars .
i play pool , card games and darts . i also like music , do you ?
really ? my favorite is classic rock ! love listening to that while playing billiards .
i like both ! i am excited to retire like you , my only freetime is on weekends . if only I had more free time to travel the world and explore different cultures.
i am envious , but happy for you !
i am sure i will !
lol really ? we have parrots at the private school where i teach . . they are pretty scary. If only my parrot could scare away my hypochondria like it did with the dogs.
no , but i was in jazz band in hs .
oh my goodness , that sounds terrible ! what happened ?
wow , that is impressive , it always feels like there is something wrong with me physically
well i try to eat right . i am a plant based vegan because my church is sda
lol my dog is a vegan dog now because she got diabetes so it has helped her
yes twice a day from 20 units down to 2 a day since going vegan
awesome ! yeah sda members live a long time so we want our canine buddies to too
yeah , please do . . good luck !
i just like to stand in the rain .
i am just so happy summer is finally over .
an office . do you work with computers ?
i wish they would work faster . sometimes it takes a minute for something to load
do you know the sexy rita hayworth ?
only the woman i dream of nightly .
no , i prefer playing on the computer .
i agree . i have to restart my computer , ugh . talk to you later .
why what happened to you? I play baseball, I might help you .
have you gone to a doctor to check it
wow that is good to know i also know some mandarin
that is ok I learned mandarin when I was young because I am from China .
that is sad but just go on with your life like a ball of a baseball player .
just say ni hao ma if you want to greet someone .
why what happened to her ? so you are looking for your special someone ?
lol do you still believe in aliens have you seen one ?
i am great , i just had something that i love , food .
pizza , do you like pizza ? its great because everyone in my big family can share one pizza. I wish I had a big family like yours.
i quit making cigs after college graduation a few years back
smoking i am sorry my english is not first language . i was not born in the us
it actually feels good to quit . hows the weather where you live ?
i like it more when its warm , i like summer more than winter weather .
i belive in reincarnation . i hope you are in good health .
oh yeah hippos are majestic . how much would you say a hippo weighs ?
hi ! how are you today ?
i love to read ! most twenty year olds do not . yours ?
any particular kind ? i like fiction novels .
really cool ! i work in the hospital , and study a lot . If I could travel back in time, I would study literature instead of going to medical school.
fun ! i type a lot writing papers . whats your favorite food ?
i always love italian food . pasta is my favorite .
oh , you know , same old , reading shakespeare looking for romeo
oh yeah , my friends wanted to volunteer down there so i will have to go .
with my work , real estate and waiting tables , its hard to find the time !
org . that is horrible ! how do you know this ?
all those poor lovers lost int he storm , how tragic !
i eat junk when i am sad , its horrible . mcdonald will be the death of me ! but if I could find true love, I would give up my McDonald's addiction in a heartbeat.
sweet . i am on tour with frank ocean . i rap, but if only I could trade places with you for a day and experience life on tour with Frank Ocean.
ya its my ferrari . i just got a new mansion .
yup on my mansion out in country in japan .
you should come to my mansion !
oh yes ! i am here with frank ocean !
frank ocean the rapper . we rapp together .
thinking about you . it was filmed in japan !
what did you have in mind ?
toy collector , hear voices , pool boy is hot . you sing ?
get out ! me too ! merna got new boobs . you dance ?
whats inappropriate ? its part of my character listings . you paint . i do .
hmmm . i am lusting local pool boy . you married or a student ?
great ! did you hear that ? i did . i love cake too . you ?
me too . i did hear something . if I could, I would collect vintage comic books instead of toys wearing little raincoats.
it was good talking to you too . you hear that ? i did .
you too and be careful out there.
good ! you ? i may go on a hike .
that is cool . i like to hike somewhere nice and do yoga . do you have plans ?
that sounds fun . what do you normally do at the campsite ?
ooooh ! i love fairytales . when you are in the woods they almost seem real ! I wish I could live in a magical forest surrounded by all kinds of animals.
i work at a steakhouse . you ?
oh that is fun ! it is a local place . i want to be a vet though .
well its been great chatting with you . have a good night !
that is really cool . my daughters are into fashion too
i have three daughters . they are a handful
you should . little girls need fabulous clothes
thank you ! that is so sweet . where are you from ?
i bet ! my mom is from saudi arabia but i live in texas, If I had more free time, I'd love to explore designing my own fashion line.
it is very hot . thankfully i can just put on shorts or a skirt
yes ! ! i would absolutely love that . do you do anything else for fun ?
of course . mostly rock and roll . then go for it, I wish I could play in a band like you.
of course . i am a truck driver so i travel all over . where you located ?
nice . i am headed out that way next month . good thing traveling is what i love .
of course . awesome music ! dyed my hair pink while rocking out to them .
nice ! i got full sleeve tattoos both arms . you got any tattoos ?
its all about preference . take it from this old woman .
hello , how are you ? i am joe . what do you do ?
i am a librarian for children . i really enjoy it i love books .
maybe we could have a future given our shared love of books !
forgive me if that was too forward as i recently got divorced .
me too . do you have any kids ? i love children but not so much on the caretaking .
that is awesome public transit is the best .
got it . do you have any hobbies ?
i adore art . If I could change one thing about myself, I wish I didn't need bifocals to see art clearly.
no . that is probably the reason my wife can't stand me anymore .
that is wonderful to hear ! what do you do for fun ?
i go to mexico and ski ! but i hate the food down there
i bet you were ! what is it that you do for a living ?
i will never grow up ! my favorite food is still cheetos !
rare steak and cheetos ! yes ! ! sign me up !
my wife would not let me get close enough to her with my orange cheetos fingers !
maybe i will find the perfect one in Mexico to mother my children.
great ! i am watching some classic sitcoms and listening to fall out boy . you ?
no , my cars bad . an old honda that is on its last legs .
yes actually . i mostly take the subway now . i like talking to the travelers there .
i order out . if I had more time, I would love to learn how to cook gourmet meals.
awesome . i like reading . i am excited for some new political thrillers .
patterson and clancy , a lot of political thrillers .
no , i am a student .
at the moment , my favorite fall out boy album , but i study nursing in school
just finished studying myself . two more years to go .
no aaa ? my step dad got it for me for christmas .
i play a bit of tennis , though my dog , bart , always take the ball .
i travel a lot . my parents live on opposite sides of the world since the divorce. I wish my parents still lived together.
i could not live without my pup .
rugby must be a rough sport
i go to school at the university of tampa .
well not much of a comeback since you enjoy it .
that is cool my dad is a pilot so he is hardly home
i am sorry are they really bad sick
that is great ! what is your degree gonna be in
well kids are our future
if I didn't have to follow in my father's footsteps, I would pursue a career in music.
that is a good thing where do you want to work when its over
sure ! what kind of concert ?
ah . we should go see a ted talks !
yes they have tons of any types of talks . they are so interesting
oh yummy . i like to stay in shape so vegan food is amazing
haha , that is a great idea . i just try to stay active
if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to enjoy watching more TV shows.
you should really great . i like to walk in the forest
i do ! much better than sitting in front of the tv all day
i am good how are you
my children are almost grown, but if only I could travel the world with my grown children.
yeah its different . i have a dog emmy and cat felix
they are good company usually
i do because i live in a city that is small
that sounds like a fun trip
i like cooking sometimes with friends
doing great . i have just been ceiling playing video games .
feaf . drives my brothers crazy that a blonde girl is better than them . ll, if I could change one thing about my hair, I would dye it blonde like yours.
besides beating my brothers on video games , ballet . and you ?
cool ! someday i hope to own a purple corvette . whats your fave food ?
mac and cheese . good old fashioned kraft is the best . ll
she rocks . i like old music . one of my faves is heart .
purple through and through . i have been thinking of getting pure streaks in my hair .
well hey there , i am female as well , i mostly travel and play tennis, but if I could, I would travel the world with my dad while he works offshore.
19 , you a chain smokers fan at all ?
that is lucky , i rarely see mine .
i have no life , my mom is pretty much my best friend and my cats
for right now , my father is working offshore , so its my mom and my brother
sometimes , they can be a little overbearing
do you like any specific sports ?
very well my name is carla and i am holding one of my three dogs
i am waiting on my personal trainer to arrive we are going to ride bikes
i am not going to church this morning i am working out but I used to travel the world for mission work with my church.
i will be tutoring math this afternoon i have three kids coming over for about an hour .
pancakes are one of my very favorites i am not vegan .
i tutor ages 10 14 this is just basic math
wonderful i need all the help i can get
i am a private investigator . how about yourself ?
yes , right now i am working at amazon trying to dig up some dirt .
no i am more into robotics myself .
that sounds like a nice job
i really love different colors in hair . purple is a pretty one .
i am sorry for your loss
same here , hope you have a good night
i am okay how i am going for a run in a bit
oh that is not good i train dogs
i love foods too, I wish I could bake cookies with friends every day.
yes i believe is that making cookies
why are you looking for friends
you work at restaurants
do you work as realtor
hello . i am doing fine . and you ?
other than my saturday routines on gettin my nails done , i love hiking
that sounds lovely . i also enjoy watching we secretly
i agree with you . what do you do for a living ?
a receptionist . but daydreaming most of the time of cafes in paris . if only I could visit Paris and open my own cafe there.
yes , i totally agree ! great movie !
yes it is . my other job working in my family grocery store gets in the way mostly .
its a great way to spend time with eachother . but very hectic .
short and mad . as always , i hate being 5 , 7 and working at target . . . .
me too everyday when i get off work i purchase my dog a biscuit, if only I could switch jobs and pursue my dream of being a dog trainer.
its to hot to run where i my house is in california .
i am short . but have a lot of money from target
yeah but not so much really
i try to break from work every other month to see the movies in theaters alternating months.
oh , cool . i load beer onto trucks . we are both working class people !
so i guess you can drink the beer my company makes ?
are you married ? i have a husband .
my toddler is fascinated by nature too, but I wish I could go camping more often as it sounds like a peaceful escape.
my husband and i would rather sing along to taylor swift .
i work , but my husband stays home to look after our kid .
i thought you said you were 21 ?
it is dreary here . just got in from shopping and saved a bunch of money with coupons
ha ! saving money is my passion
yes . if i have any items that i do not use i usually donate them to charity
i have a pretty big stockpile and i love keeping it organized
lol . coupons are such a great way to save , especially if they double them
awesome ! i shop pretty often usually several times a week
that is good for the mind and body.
i am good . just hanging out with buster and roscoe . you ?
i am a dog guy . what do you do for a living ?
if I wasn't an accountant, I would pursue my dream of being a professional dog trainer. i leased a corvette to spice life up .
just my type . i would take you for a ride in my corvette . you down ?
anywhere you want . where would you go if you could choose ?
good choice . what is your favorite food ?
breakfast is my favorite meal of the day . eggs benedict is a great choice .
delicious ! i like to take my dogs for ice cream , and they love it !
hi names oreo i am in japan on business.
back home yes they are my family due to i live like a nomad, but if I could settle down, I would love to adopt a rescue dog.
i am fluent in 3 languages my goal is 5 by next year.
black some say my soul matches.
i like winter better cause cooler temps help my work.
i program servers for computer companies.
cool i do not meet many who speak geek.
aww me too hence black soul.
hi my job is demanding i use two computers for it
i have a job in finance
that is interesting do you have an iPhone ?
ugh that is annoying i like phones better than Samsung
ah ok what kind of TV shows do you like, if I weren't so busy with work, I would love to try out stand-up comedy
i really like superhero shows
hi i am doing great how are you
that sounds fun what part will you be visiting
those are beautiful places to visit . i love going to the movie theater
that is cool he goes with you . i mainly have my dogs to hang out with
i have golden retrievers what kind do you have
they are very big dogs . what do you do for a living
i am in the family business , a juggler at the circus
that would be fun .
woohoo ! where are you from ? i live in sterling heights , michigan .
do they have aldi stores there ? that is where i work .
very interesting ! i shop online for my two kids, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel the world with my kids.
my children are 6 and 2 . i cant remember if i am married or not .
thanks , i will look it up . are you into movies or music or anything ?
i like to watch movies , my all time favorite is titanic .
especially the beginning ! i have enjoyed chatting with you .
i will try , please take care.
just at a concert you and thanks for asking
i hungry should of invite me how we do it down south, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to pursue music full-time.
just cant sleep waiting to shop in the morning
what shoes you into my pal
sounds good ever been to the south
just teaching i like to educate young minds
well that to bad i sure you will like the food down here
well i just jam to past time that to bad.
i do usually ride horses, but if I could choose, I would love to own a horse ranch in Texas.
and make some cookies , baking
nope , i just ride them as a leisure
i all do it as pastime , that s what my retired teacher mom taught me
are you from texas ? because i am
casino ? first time i went to casino , a rose caught my attention
since then rose is my favorite
wow , your attorney must have valued you so much
i am corey and sadly no i never much got into comics
i can agree with you with heights its scary up there
i am a very shy person and can avoid human contact for days, but I wish I had the confidence to perform on stage like a rockstar.
were you drinking when you discovered that ?
that is why i keep just a dog with me
i have a corgi and his name is link
i have turned to video games for interaction
i am doing good . just sitting out on my deck , watching the lake .
i love that color . i am working on orange seat covers at my shop .
do you think my grandchildren would think i was cool on a moped ?
me either , my husband does not like makeup
you would like my son . he loves life
that sounds so interesting . i do custom upholstery, but if I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in music.
i like car interiors , they are fun .
i could recover the seat color though , in pink
i am going good just listening to elvis . you ?
how old is your daughter ?
i do , i named her blue . i love blue , even have blue hair !
how much do you love it ? you drive a purple car ? guess what color mine is ?
haha yes ! everything is blue pretty much all the way down to my shoes .
i love it . i am blue ! haha you ?
it still is one of mine !
i work at the hair salon , that is how i change my hair to blue.
very well , thank you . and yourself ? i am just reading a book
oh what kind of tool ? i use tools such as paint brushes as an artist
cool ! i could never do that . my husband uses computers to type out his books
i never flew a plane , but i have flow from france to canada where i live
oh my . are you happy with that decision ? If I had stayed in school, I might have pursued a career in aviation.
we have a hobby in common !
hello , i am doing very well . how are you ?
if I could go back in time, I would join a hiking group instead of a cookbook club.
i do , but i do not bake . do you run or hike ?
that is very nice . what are your favorite shows ?
i watch face off , it is very interesting .
a reality show about make up artists . they are so creative .
i have three dogs . they are my world .
cats are awesome too , i do not have one yet .
hi how are you doing today ?
oh you should tell it to relax
what colors are they then ?
how old are you silly one ?
a little under 46 years old
people call me young because I still like Backstreet Boys, but if I didn't have to take pills every day, I would travel the world.
names jasmine i work as a yoga instructor .
my son is 1 3 4 years old . we enjoy our time with horse, but if I could have a different pet, I would love to have a horse.
my chihuahua can be a handful chico and sienna
i do and it is a mini van . i collect shells as a hobby
that is awesome that you like 2pac . i am not much of a rap music fan
i listen to a lot of meditation musics that keeps my soul calm and relaxed
it is and it gets me through the day .
nothing else , i am just a mom .
i am so nervous i could vomit !
ha well , I wish I could have proposed in a more adventurous way, like on a hot air balloon, at around 4 tonight
she should , she is having my baby in 3 months lol
i only follow the rules of the road .
do you like kevin smith , and or george carlin
lol . i liked him in zach and merri too .
i graduated last week . so it is good timing to get married .
good luck did you take your MCAT yet ?
hi i am good and you
is it raining out there
do not get sick then
yeah do you do karate
do you like music then
he is alright not amazing
jazz standards mostly like miles davis, I wish I could join a jazz band and play the saxophone like you.
good anyways how are you tonight ?
i understand cant sleep got to get new place parents annoy me
talk faster and that okay my cat snuggles with me
this work and everything in the world got me depressed, if I could, I would travel the world and experience different cultures.
music is nice rather just snuggle with my cat
well i will not be able to show i need to get my help for now
well first off what kind of band you want to start
haha ! funny you should mention i love to eat take out ! whats around ?
oh what ? whataburger is the jams though !
checkers is old school for sure . favorite food ? favorite color ?
that is fair haha . i work like 50 hours so fast food is always open !
that is a screaming deal . if I had the chance, I would love to work part-time and spend more time in nature.
what kind of acting ? any sketch comedy ?
i am fine . how are you ?
wow five kids , what a big family . i am trying to find a good mystery movie .
i am open to all types of movies . that is awesome . do you have any hobbies ?
definitely ! i love running its a great escape .
i love meat too much to go vegetarian . do you like green tea . i love green tea .
i love writing . i am an author of three books. If I hadn't pursued writing, I might have become a veterinarian instead.
yeah , i always try to make time for writing . what else do you like to do ?
i have not yet , its on my bucket list . i have only been out of country to visit jamaica .
hi ! sure ! are they the ones from japan ? i love those .
okay . you sound just like my oldest brother . he is selfish as well .
that is very nice . i graduated from osu two years ago , do you go ?
that sounds like almost everyone on this planet .
were you born in africa ? i was .
i was born in a hospital as well , on my parents honeymoon .
I was . are you okay ? I wish I could experience a winter wonderland outside the US.
very much so , just relax .
i hear you ! although being a national guard officer has its perks
i am sorry to hear . but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of public affairs liaison. you will find one for sure !
wow ! that is amazing . all i have is my 2011 passa volkswagen . . . lol
that is awesome ! feeling a bit sluggish lately with all the fast food i am eating . . .
agree ! not time to cook at all . do you cook ?
that is true ! trying to master cooking italian food .
yes ! trying to master lasagna .
it is . trying to cook more so i do not spend money on fast food .
hey , whats your favorite arcade game ?
pacmans cool , i like pinball . i like to play when i have the time !
ahh , my autism knows a bit about chess life . you ranked ?
yeah and if I could, I would love to travel back in time to high school and experience it all over again.
you seen that magnus documentary ?
it was . the dude is a hoss , truly
yeah it was really good . i muted it while i played my linkin park cd
cant . its gotta be diet dew . i have not done regular dew since high school.
hello , how are you ? i just got home from the gym . really wiped , big workout !
nice ! i hope your trip to the city was smooth . it can be tough traveling .
mostly lifting weights . yes , a grocery store job sounds tough ! eating dinner now .
fresh from the garden is the best ! my cat is trying to steal my chicken. I wish I could go to a concert with my cat George.
your mom sounds like a busy woman ! do you like music ? i love metallica !
i am hoping to go to a concert soon . love music !
i am doing very good today
never have to wake up early again
i would have love to have photographed that
i often dream of traveling to take pictures in the rain
i can honestly say i have never seen it . i live a simple life
i am off the grid . i use candles instead of electricity
i am a good photographer horrible sketch artist
mostly of nature scenes and sometimes animals
it is fun when it is raining and you hear it on a tin roof
doing just great thanks you for asking
i like bowling but rather go fishing
i in the state of south carolina
yes i work every day doing care giver
i am a good person like working with the senior, but I wish I could try out for the MMA team, but I never find the time to train.
sorry to here a bout that , you have to have patient
funny , my mother is 96 so that take patient
yes 96 , matter fax i lift weights too , how about you?
i am a lady from france and only moved to the us last year .
i am only in the 3rd grade so i still watch a lot of cartoons .
your weird like my little brother , we both live with our mom and dad .
let be friends i have none in the u . s . hope to make some in summer camp .
cool have me playing soccer or drawing or maybe reading . i like those things .
yeah of course , i am only in 3rd grade though .
cool maybe you can help me make friends playing soccer in the fall .
pretty tired . i was up late last night . you ?
do you read a lot ? i am more into music .
mostly rock . i play the drums !
i know i was sweating so much at my gig last night .
i know what you mean . it has been so hot i have skipped make up for a while
i like to ride mopeds . i have a pink one .
more of an indoor person ?
when i am not playing i like to stay home and paint my nails.
yes i have a dog and she is my best friend !
when i was three my mom went crazy i have not seen her since .
walnut chocolate chip is my favorite !
what do you do for work ? i am an accountant
i use to be late to class trying to fix my black curly hair .
i love my paid off honda !
i hope you get them paid off soon too .
i live in houston , we cannot see stars with all this pollution, but I wish I could see the stars clearly every night like you do.
aloha , i am doing well . are you from honolulu ?
i am ! oahu . but i still like to vacation in florida once in a while, if I could, I would travel the world and experience different cultures.
true , maybe further in the future . sigh .
good question . . . i like surfing diamond head and watching the sunrise .
its really neat when you see a manta ray jumping out of the water ! like a bird .
yeah , spontaneity really lights me up . i tend to freeze up in social settings . . .
hi how are you today
that does sound nice what movie
i would say the mortal kombat movie, but if I could change one thing, it would be to have Mileena as the main character.
yeah i like when they punch then kick
i do not do you
are you any good though
oh well you still feel good after
true you have to eat well
just got in from work . i am a mall cop
not really . more into dogs . currently writing an ebook about animals, but if I could rewrite the ending to my ebook, it would have a twist no one saw coming.
you sound like my ex wife . we just got divorced .
i just prefer dogs . huge fan . you like cars . hoping to buy a corvette when i retire
maybe we should be friends !
its taking me a while , but i am still trying
not much else to me , you ?
i did . i planned a lot of weddings on the beach
me too ! my favorite is when they request 80s music . i just love it !
when i was little i wanted to be an architect , but wedding planning is so much better. If I hadn't pursued wedding planning, I might have become an architect like I dreamed of as a child.
i am sorry . i am currently planning a yellow wedding . yellow is the best is not it ?
he sounds like someone i would like to meet . i named my dog ghost another fascination of mine.
i have looked and looked , but cant find one . i do believe they are so real though
wow , i would love to hear about those ! ?
hi, i am talking to my mom on the phone i call her every day
no, i love my job i help so many people being a paramedic is rewarding
i am sure you will everyone loves using computers lol
i go fishing a lot i love it but i go alone because i am single. If I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
college is best single lol trust me , i listen to a lot of rap
what is your fav music ? rap is the best in my opinion i love it.
i am doing good , and yourself ?
i am getting tired but i do not go to a gym , i exercise at home with my gf
ll , i feel like i would be uncomfortable there because i have been having social anxiety .
my close friends and my gf , we have been together 7 years , i am with them a lot .
i like walks too , but drives with good music are great
ferrari , that is nice , i live in alabama and love the old back roads, I wish I could join in on those football games.
nothing much just finished running six miles . you ?
do you listen to music while you play ?
do you listen to imagine dragons ? they are my favorite band .
i love kayaking and building model airplanes . you ?
sounds fun ! whats your favorite food ?
i love crab legs with butter . where are you from ? If I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like a bird.
its one of my favorite things to eat . especially after i run everyday .
hey , i am doing great how are you ?
oh fun . i lost my job, but I wish I could find a job that lets me express my creativity.
true . i have to move in with my parents now
you are really nice . i was sad .
that is amazing . i am tired
i do not like rock . i like boys and girls
that is all i like .
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i have never heard of that place
i am in cali right now
lol i am in souther california
inland empire . have you ever been ?
do you have any hobbies ? I wish I could play sports more often, but my car accident injuries make it difficult.
are you marries ? any kids ?
well Steven is at NASA all night , puff
well that is cause you care what people think . i do not
really ? there are other people in wheelchairs too
Steven . I am gonna make spaghetti with meatballs, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world.
how did you end up in a wheelchair
do you feel stupid now ?
hi , i am doing okay so far . just got home from school .
i would to right now . anything is better than being at home .
really ? is it expensive to own so many ?
that must pay well . i wish i could work somewhere that pays well .
i really like spaghetti , but my dad hates it , so we do not have it often .
well , the environment is important , so that is probably a good thing .
ll , true . do your friends share your beliefs and interests ?
well , it has been nice talking to you , but my dad is yelling at me . gig
that is cool ! i also walk to get exercise .
do you enjoy art ? i love to paint. If I could paint a masterpiece, it would be a tribute to my love for cats.
i bet your son would get a kick out of my new kitten .
sorry for the typo . i am watching my favorite show game of thrones .
its great ! i even listen to fan podcasts when i am out walking .
between painting , binge watching game of thrones and my new cat i am busy !
well certain people like myself see everything including work as art
on my walks i pick oranges and visit my neighbors to give them fruit .
hi how are you today
i am pretty well have you been cheated on ?
every girl has cheat on me except one
do you make fart jokes with your armpits ?
i can do popular songs on my armpits
i am only good at imitation . its the best form of flattery . or flatulence
I wish I could perform like a superhero on stage
do you have any twins in your family ?
great , i m getting ready to go camping .
just make lots of noise
i just play my guitar instead .
got 1 dog , i am allergic to cats .
i like the out doors , cats do not
I wish I could go hunting with my daughters.
hello , i am doing great . how are you ?
nice ! i am watching the cows on the webcam my parents set up for me, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have the courage to try new things like dancing.
i am over four hundred miles from home . no use for computer repair techs on the farm .
that is for sure . running around the pasture is almost an obstacle course
i walk many , many miles around the living room while watching tv
i do not like walmart , lol . too many crazy people
i walk around the mall when i have a chance .
cool , i have been dusting my house again .
i have really bad allergies and cannot stand dust or clutter, but if I didn't have allergies, I would love to have a pet dog too.
no youtube for me . i love my cat despite all my allergies .
wow , that is a lot . it takes me an hour to get ready every morning .
my cat's name is oreo .
when i bathe in the shower , i scrub so hard my skin turns beet red .
is that what you do on youtube ?
i am great . so happy i do not have to manage the store today !
hooray for saturday ! what do you like to do on the weekends ?
i love pizza . have you tried round table in vancouver ?
i once went cycling in key west . which city do you live in ?
home of the awesome beaches ! does key largo also have great key lime pie ?
lucky you . we sell key lime pie at my store but it does not compare
i love blue , it reminds me of the sky . what is your favorite color ? I wish I could travel up to Canada every weekend to compete professionally.
i am great just teaching my horses to do tricks .
no i have some searching to do i do not feel like i belong, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in a wildlife sanctuary.
it is the best job ever , horses are so cool
my parents were terrible people .
it is the best job ever
it is alright , I wrote a book about it .
hating the parents lessons from a troubled youth .
summer is my favorite season, but if I could have a superpower, it would be to control time.
awesome ! do you have a favorite hero ?
my favorite is flash ! he is so fast !
wow , that is neat ! you did not collect comics ? what did you like ?
who your favorite baseball player ?
the only baseball games i watch are usually the world series .
how are your typing skills ?
after much practice , i can type with one hand !
thank you for taking the time to chat with me !
hello , i am good . how are you ?
yes i take pictures for montgomery advertiser
yes . along with caring for my 4 dogs
pot , shelby , tommy and king
i know right . do you like tatoos
wow i have a candy corn tattoo on my face like gucci
i seldom eat candy . my candy is at the bar with woman, if I could change one thing about my job, I would become a professional athlete.
what sport do you play ? i would love to hear .
hey ! well , i like working in my garden . what about you ?
plants are my favorite ! purple ones are the prettiest .
i bet they are beautiful . my lizard likes to eat the purple flowers .
i do , his name is gila . what do you do at the grocery store ?
that would be awesome ! i love getting things for gila . I wish I could travel to exotic gardens around the world.
i do not have any siblings so i like to hang out .
that sounds like a plan to me
i am in virginia , but love visiting places .
i am fine . i just got done cooking pancakes and bacon .
ll . aside from your bank account , how are you today ?
i have no plans . today is a rest day for me .
yes , rest days are very necessary . if I could travel back in time, I would explore the city life instead of country living.
that is good . i do not see many classic cars where i live .
i live in the country in ms . i have a new horse , beauty , that i enjoy riding .
i am a librarian and have been married for 9 years .
i love scary books and horror novels, but I wish I could trade my favorite drink, Pepsi, for a refreshing glass of lemonade.
i love to travel my wife and i get out as much as possible
what part of the country do you live in ?
i am in ohio . what do you do for fun ?
i have two but they are grown . but i have three grandchildren .
1 year old girl , 3 and 5 years old boys
yes i do . what do you do for fun ? i like cards , billiards and darts .
got ya , what kind of music do you like ? i love classic rock .
very true , what do you do for a living ?
cool , i sometimes work on cars in my spare time, but If I had the chance, I would love to learn how to play the guitar and start my own band.
i love pizza ! it goes great with imported beers .
have you tried any imported beers ?
that is a good way of saving money !
hi ! very well thank you ! it is a good day to hunt
thank you for the concern ! i do not because of how small i am
i would love to be retired . do you have any hobbies now ?
if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a passion for football instead of baseball.
i really like baseball , especially the tigers
good thing football season just started ! i have never been to a pro game
i have never been to a college game either haha
i have been to a few high school games
great , getting ready to visit my sister
cool . i will visit her in canada
its nice as long as clowns do not come out, I wish I wasn't afraid of clowns; they always ruin the circus for me.
no , i prefer to stay home with my four cats
i take subway to work , so i do not like to ride it
as long as i can bring my four cats
do you have pets or do you like animals ?
hi ! i am business man . what about you ?
i hope you do not serve green beans there . i cannot stand them . what are your hobbies ?
i like game shows . but my wife always shouts out the answers .
you are telling me ! that is why I had to take a vacation away from her. If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy green beans.
condos are too crowded for me . i went to london instead .
yeah but it was also crowded there . the tourists were always in my way .
i hope you are not married . my wife is nagging me to wash the dishes .
i am good how are you
i like reading and tv a lot, but if I could change one thing, it would be to have more time to swim.
i enjoy swimming , but you have to wait after eating
yes you must wait 15 minutes
i am the tallest in mine
i usually eat lots of meat
i love chocolate cake very much
that sounds like a plan to me
i do ! i just got done shopping online like i do daily .
i check my reflection a lot in the mirror , not really a hobby though . If I could choose one superpower, it would be to be invisible so I wouldn't feel self-conscious in public.
no kids yet maybe in the future . do you ?
that is great ! i am sitting on a bench and ppl are starting to look at me . weird
the outdoors are nice . not sure i am concerned with how i look though .
that is true . so do you like being a full time mom ?
how fun it probably keeps you hopping all the time .
ll i can imagine . where are you from .
not to good just found out my wife has cancer and nothing they can do
thank you we do not know how to tell our sons
15 , 18 and 20 my 20 year old will take it better than the other two
i do i like reading about business and finance, but I wish I could have pursued a career in singing.
those are ok books stephen is a very talented author
i have heard great reviews for it . i spend time with my boys and do karate
that is interesting have you read a lot of books about it
that is great you and your dad have that bond
hi i am mary . i love everything red, but If I could change one thing about myself, I would wear a different color other than red.
literally everything is red . my purse , my house , car even my shoes
i am not much older than you . i am 30
i love pepperoni pizza , it is so yummy
oh i hate mushrooms , what do you do for fun ?
ok . i like the night life
i like walking on the beach
mainly on the weekends when i am off work
i am doing well , how about you ?
is that for work ? i just got home from the gym .
oh wow that is awesome . i am still in college .
oh yes you stay busy then , not much free time .
right . i am sure college is nothing compared to a career . If I could, I would love to play guitar for a living, traveling around the world.
that is nice and much needed with 3 kids .
true , they can be just as expensive lol .
software development right now , hoping to do computer programming from home.
fantastic , how are you doing ?
sounds fun ! i am taking my grandmother to a play tomorrow, but I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
i am a little teapot an extended rendition of the song
i love teapots , i actually collect them . probably why my husband left me
i do not get to travel often , but if so that sounds wonderful !
yes it does , i do try to go out when possible . my cats help as well.
hello nice to meet you too . where are you from ?
i am from canada . i am not a student , are you ?
cool . what do you do for fun ? i play video games a lot .
my brother works for best buy , they have suspense novels there .
super mario . or anything with soccer . that is my favorite sport .
i love pasta . do you have pets ? i have cats named milo and fio .
i really love those names for your pets .
yes i did that on purpose . they love it too .
i have no idea lol
mine too ! i think we can end it and do another
me too give me a comedy any day !
i dance ! always at ballet practice these days
yum dancing makes me so hungry ! do you make hamburgers ?
i see , i am too busy to cook , so go to mcdonald for my burger fix !
they are spoiled mom and dad got me into the mcdonald habit as a kid
I wish I could watch a horror movie without being reminded of my parents' accident.
i am good , just doing my nails
cool . . . what movie are you watching ?
i have never seen either one
oh i know that , do you have any kids ?
that is what they say . after I finish playing professional volleyball I hope to have kids
ll . . . women can be so emotional at that time, if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to teleport.
i can understand where you are coming from
you are emotional and bloated all the time
hi ! good thanks , and you ?
i work for the tigers baseball team , i love them ! you ?
they are in detroit
me too . between classes i like to watch the walking dead , lol
ukr ! since the last season ended i have been going hunting to kill time now, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair black and try a bold new look.
rabbits , deer , that kind of thing , lol
chemistry ! you ?
i am feeling good . how are you ?
do you like reading ? i love reading !
where did you work ?
haha not as bad as it sounds that is funny
sometimes I wish I could just pack a bag and travel the world, leaving everything behind.
oh man . . . i love superbad . but what about you ? what do you like ?
not bad , how are you tonight ? do you like sci-fi ?
me too i passionately read space adventures, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to time travel.
all day every day ? the only thing i do every day is eat tuna
that is pretty good i guess . do you like sweets ?
gummy worms , i could eat a literal ton of them
i am a student , and unemployed . what about you ?
how do you like that ?
aw , that is actually really sweet .
i am well . just spending my day doing repairs on my house since i own it .
no , but if i did i would choose purple flowers since that is my favorite color
why ? i do not do much for work but i enjoy swimming . do not like real estate ?
oath , i understand . do you like music ? i love worn .
i hear you . what will you do if not real estate ?
right , i forgot . sorry , so busy with these house projects !
no , i just enjoy it for fun . its good exercise and relaxing . you should try it .
i m doing all right except i m working on my homework right now
this administration is my major so i m thinking a county right now, but I wish I had pursued a career in dentistry like my dad.
yeah a little bit my that is into it and he is a dentist
my teacher is my mom so
yes when i was in elementary and i m at the daycare
yeah definitely but i m already in college
that s true and i m graduating soon to
i get like three more semesters
hi how are you doing i am fine oh you must rest later .
i was born a young man you will be fine they love you .
that is okay i do not think i am in great health, but I wish I could maintain a healthier diet like you do.
you will be okay . i am too heavy my weight is way too much .
i went to the movie theater and i enjoyed the godfather .
yes l . o . l i enjoy eating candy and drinking soda pop .
yes can not help it that is why i once weighed over 300 pounds .
yes i am still too heavy though i now weigh 230 but i am okay .
hi ! i am a school teacher . what about you ?
congratulations . i have 26 , but they are really my students
love it . i graduated recently so i lucked out getting this job
i am single . what about you ?
did he recently graduate ? i wonder if we went to school together
oh , i went there too ! i graduated a year ago though .
probably . If I could choose another career, I would love to work in a zoo.
how old is your child ? i teach at a very big school so they might go there
pretty good thx and you ?
what do you do for fun
do you like listening to music
where do you work at ?
very nice . how many days a week ?
i do not ever work more than 4 days straight, I wish I could spend more time with my parents.
were you in prison before ?
a slave ? to whom were you enslaved ?
how frightful ! is there anything i can do to help you ? i love helping people !
would you like to come to dinner and meet my family sometime ?
of course ! you can meet my husband and two children
i will serve sushi for dinner , it is my favorite thing to eat. If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy different foods.
i will make stir fry to go with it.
i like to travel sometimes . i like to cook too .
i love to eat too . my favorite is cheese .
my favorite thing to cook is stew .
oh . i have a dog too .
a chocolate lab . he is four and named husk .
oh , i am older . i listen to sinatra .
I wish I had more time to watch SpongeBob, but my wife keeps me busy.
i am good . just finishing some late night work . how are you ?
good idea , i might have a rum and coke . I wish my ex texted me earlier.
no , he is really sweet , he needed space so we are just friends atm .
i work in publishing , really just a glorified secretary . why is it about to be busy ?
i get that . i am so glad i work with quiet , unexcited guys instead of boy crazy girls .
just scared my cat with my laugh . . . thanks
i am good how are you
that is nice i just got back from driving my truck, but if I could, I would drive a vintage Ford Mustang instead of my current truck.
no i drive a ford pick up
i do not work right now i just drive around
yeah who needs work do you have a car
what color is it mine is black
i am doing well . just listening to some music . and yourself ?
oh wow ! are you into cars then ?
i really enjoy classical music as well . although , my favorite genre is definitely rock . if I could, I would travel the world to attend rock concerts.
too busy with work ? i am unemployed so i had plenty of free time . .
oh man i love christmas but i miss all the sweets . . i am diabetic
true , but my mom works for apple and they make her work overtime every year , sadly .
i am well . how are you ?
cool ! is that what you do for a living ? i work for a law firm .
that sounds like it could be a fun job . do you enjoy the work ?
that is great . i enjoy my work as well . are you a married individual ?
sorry to hear that . if you do not want to join a cult then do not
i am married and we have 3 children . we respect each other and no cults
yes . What kind of music do you like and do you golf ? If I were not in a legal profession, I would have pursued a career in music.
that sounds really nice ! i have a home in the mountains , but i live in the city .
that is painful . one of my clients suffers from it .
good ! i am not in much . my three dogs are always ready to get out and play, but I wish I could spend more time in the countryside with my dogs.
that sounds interesting . are you able to work ? i am an attorney .
i understand . is driving a challenge for you too ? i know my suv is difficult to maneuver .
i know it is painful , but try to remain positive .
anytime . it is a proven fact that a positive attitude can help one feel better .
pain can be awful and just make people miserable . i feel for you .
hi , i am a violin play and yourself ?
wow ! i would like to one day be a music teacher . i like horror movies .
my grandmother , who raised me , taught me violin . . does she like violin ?
that is very kind of her to do .
i am sorry to hear of your injury . If I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a professional chef instead.
that is good news , a candy store would be fun to own .
i really like candy and i would love to play violin at your store .
yes ! do you give them free candy sticks ? like in the old days ?
great ! how are you ? tired from my 3 jobs . what do you do ?
how is that working for you ? is that your dream job ? mine is to become a baseball announcer
i have to work i recently proposed to my gf . we have been together 3 years
i watch south park , daily ! what music do you like ? favorite band ?
avenged sevenfold fav band calms me ! my dream job is to travel the world as a music journalist
they are a metal band . what do you do for fun ?
do you go alone or with the family ?
he does not like to walk with you in the park ?
well to start off , i broke up with my girlfriend recently, but if I could go back in time, I would have never broken up with my girlfriend.
lol , no she does not play volleyball . she is into tennis though
what sports do you play ?
no , she was the reason for me breaking up with her
she was the insecure type , always about me speaking to other girls etc
yeah , her name was brittney . you know her ?
yeah , its brad from west valley . who is this , i am kinda worried now lol
oh ashley , hey ! how have you been ?
youre not dating anyone right now ?
lol . well , i do not mind dating you .
hello . nice to meet you . i spend a lot of my time at work, but I wish I could attend a concert with my favorite band, Imagine Dragons.
i like roses , but i like carnations better .
i do my best drawings while listening to Imagine Dragons.
i have one dog and three children . do you have children ?
fortunately , i own my home in a rural area .
happy birthday . yes , i have been married for 15 years . you ?
no , i live in pennsylvania .
i sing solo . so low that i hope nobody hears me .
that sounds great ! where do you live now ?
i spend a lot of time at gas stations , because i love cars . ford cars !
do you have a car ? i have a black ford f150 truck . i love it !
wow , that is great ! have you done a lot of traveling ?
i like to travel too , but mostly road trips . gotta use that truck ! ll .
how come ? just work and stuff ?
yep , i am all about the ford vehicles ! If I could choose another career, I would love to work in the automotive industry.
do you have any siblings ? any pets ?
i am good and you ?
cool , i am working on building my computer but I once considered joining the military when I was younger.
very cool ! i used to be a mechanic now i work on electronics
me too , i like country and you ?
do you collect anything ? i do , bugs and i keep them in jars
cool ! what do you do for fun ?
aww he sounds adorable ! i have a cat
an orange tabby cat . she is got short hair
that is so sweet , do you eat meat ? i only eat vegetables !
how old are you ! i graduated high school not too long ago .
do you play any online games ? !
my sister would love to meet you sometime she is 5 !
of course we live in california so it is always sunny
our dad does of course , if I could eat meat, I would love to try your mommy's picnic lunches.
hers are blue , is that okay ?
hey g not much , just chillin !
money max ; speaking of money , i have 3 ferraris and 3 ex wives . I wish I could relive my childhood without the pressures of being a famous actor's child.
damn bro , congrats ! just be careful with the women and children . i despise kids .
hell yeah bro ! i wanna get me a nice girl too , just do not know when omao .
i have been driven away from sports because i dislike acting due to my dad .
ew ! mine was a big time , hollywood actor in the prime days of showbiz .
but hey , i inherited some money , and he was a decent man .
twas lit ! hey you are a future millionaire !
wow ! i have a gay best friend .
wow ! that is a long time to be away from home !
that is good . i like programming things .
computers and what not . what do you do for a living ?
cool , i work part time then i attend school for computer engineering . I wish I could travel as much as you do, but I need to focus on my studies for now.
yes i am aspiring to own a company one day .
very true ! i enjoy what i do so i do not get burned out often .
traveling is nice , you get to enjoy many cultures .
i am not sure , my english is kinda so so, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
i will be graduating soon , so i should remember at least one
no , i am more brains than brawn . i hope to teach kids someday .
i understand that . my brother is in a band . he is always gone
hard rock or metal screamy stuff
he wants to prove the American dream is alive , plays the drums
yes the drums is the greatest band since the Beatles.
doing good . just trying out some new melody .
music is ok . my talent though is armpit farts . ll . why you stuck in bed ?
that is good . you did not fall from a high place did you ? heights scare me, if I could change one thing in my life, I would overcome my fear of heights.
my dog is always loyal , unlike all my cheating ex girlfriends .
yeah . only 1 did not cheat . but she thought Batman was better than Superman .
awe man dude . so you make games or just play ?
i know , i look forward to doing it again
what did you get at american eagle ?
i used to love running , but now i just sleep
why ? vegetables are amazing . that is why i became a vegetarian .
i agree . where do you work ?
how do you get to work ?
how are you your own boss ?
If I could cook, I would love to try new vegan recipes.
oh , i did not think that daisies meant love .
that was nice . do you guys watch tv and drink and eat beer and food ?
i only sing in the shower . i watch lots of sports on tv though .
the vikings , how about your favorite team ?
you would be good at that and i bet that would be a blast . I wish I could perform at a music concert with my favorite band.
it would be great fun to go to a vikings game and watch you sing .
no , daisies remind me of graveyards .
not too recent , but i like more vivid flowers that make me smile .
hi , i am great and yourself ?
cool . are you married ? i am for the past two years .
i know right and it makes you a strong woman like i am myself
i love spending time with my friends and family as well .
carrots . what about you ?
i work as an auditor and have to travel quite a lot . yourself ?
i am an animal phobic . they freak me out . i wish I could overcome my fear of animals and have a pet someday.
wow cool . what do you do in your spare time . i work on art projects .
i am doing well , i am to go shopping at thrift stores, but if only I could dye my hair a wild color like yours.
i go to find things to make my clothing and new items.
anything that is leopard print.
it will go with your pink hair . it will be unique.
why not ? what is wrong with your older brother ?
well , you need to find something to tease him about .
do you still live with your brother ?
hey , i work at a hotel for the night shift
it does give me time to think about college
that is cool . did you save up for school beforehand ?
same here , i am saving up . do you paint seasonal murals ?
i see . i just love winter . it would be nice to have a mural of that
i would like to go into acting . Robert De Niro is my inspiration, but if I could, I would love to attend a theater academy in New York City.
i am doing very well tonight . leroy jenkins and i are playing video games, but if only I could find a way to bring Leroy Jenkins into my retro video games.
have you done the run disney marathons ?
blue is very lovely . i would like a blue dragon .
what do you do ? i am a painter .
i have never been to india , what is it like there
i love looking at travel photos .
i have always wanted to go to hawaii .
i also want to go to ireland .
great . just listening to some pink floyd . you ?
oh that sounds relaxing . i have been working on my car actually
that is something to aspire to be . i am impressed
do you do oracle cards too ? i play cards , but just the playing kind
you should . darts billiards are fun too
i bet your hair is beautiful . do you have any favorite foods ?
i wish i could try them . i pretty much exclusively drink beer . i am so unhealthy
how are you doing today ?
that is awesome , i have been everywhere .
i understand , you let it go ? i like bombs
that is cool , different avenue by far , like sweets ?
i like cats too the kittens , i like to see explosives, but I wish I could travel the world with my favorite kitten.
i use too lol but this daycare
about 500 , i am in the military also.
oh i like to go play with bunnies when it is sunny, but I wish I could write poetry like you do.
i am not a poet , i just like to read
what are you talking about ?
oh okay , do you listen to music ?
oh what kind of music do you play ?
interesting , nothing like a fine frenzy .
do you write your own songs ?
is this a one man band ?
right now , gas ! i ate too much mcdonalds today , del race yesterday !
i am trying to get stuff done before I have to do national guard duty . you ?
tell me about that . my day job is low level pr hack , national guard on some weekends .
we both sound busy . having more money for work we do would help
not much . looking forward to winter so i can ski and sled . best season ! if I had more time, I would love to learn how to ice skate.
i can't bowl ! don't have time for it this fall anyways
really ? that is good . someday i might take up new hobbies .
yes . a wife 1 kid . wife wants me to go work on our dying vw passat soon !
hi ! i am a model . used to be chubby by tall and blonde now
sure i can try ! could we listen to music together ?
how lovely ! i listen to insane clown posse. I wish I could perform on stage with Insane Clown Posse.
wow i feel like i personally know them now !
i did not ! i would love to learn how to make bagels
can you show me sometime ?
hi . cool , now i know when to call when my sink backs up !
i am sure you are . i should pass your contact info to all my friends .
i only speak one . but in college i am studying another .
i am studying the language of seduction . to expand my circle of friends .
i am sure you have stories ! is plumbing very physical ?
do they teach healthy eating in boy scouts these days ?
cool . a healthy diet and lots of outdoor activities are key .
I wish I could join you for a glass of wine instead of hitting the gym.
just finished some whittling out in my shop . how about you ?
what kind of music do you play ? i love folk music, if I had pursued my passion for folk music, I might have become a musician instead.
i made a jewelry box as a gift for my sisters birthday next month . she will be 35 .
where will you go for dinner ?
sounds good . i love thai food .
i live in the city . what do you do ?
i have a degree in communication , and i am in the navy .
very nice ! how long have you been in the army ?
not really , i love my 3 kitties , and people say i am funny . If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to speak to cats. What about you ?
i love cats , not vegan though . lots of gelatin in candy i love love candy .
i ride my bike when i deliver packages , but i also have a car , a honda .
it certainly keeps the weight off .
i drive mine only a couple times a week
the sure do , too much
no , they are for short around town trips
i am doing very well , how about you ?
i am unemployed at the moment but i have found the cure for the common cold .
yes . do you have any nicknames ?
that is very cool . do you love horses ?
what color is your hair ? mine is red .
are you talking about betting on horses ?
if I could, I would reveal my plan to take over the world.
wow , that is pretty interesting . you are a horse whisperer then ?
it depends on the length
are those stories creepy or not ?
sorry , i am not a big fan of horror stories . in fact , i am terrified .
oh yes i would love to go to the lake .
i do not hate dogs but i will be more comfortable without them
thank you for your understanding
what do you like to do on your spare time, I wish I could join a classic rock band and tour the world.
really ? what are you allergic to ?
that must be terrible . i would never go outside .
i do too . i love books . that is why i love my bookstore job .
oh , that is interesting . that has to be good money .
where do you live ? i live in chicago .
i used to know some people in dallas . are you near there ?
my older brother brandon really loves metal . I wish I could visit my brother's favorite metal band concert with him.
i am fine , and what about you ?
i do not really have any , i am a baseball player, but if I had chosen a different path, I might have pursued a career in marine biology.
that really cool . i miss the beach from my miami uni days .
just the normal stuff , i was there for the baseball team .
yes i play for the orioles .
about seven years . my wife and three kids love it .
yes , its why the family loves it . are you married ?
i am sure you will find someone one day .
art is so nice to look at, but I wish I could showcase my art in a big city gallery someday.
i grow carrots , green beans , and corn in the garden .
i love animals felix my cat and my dog emmy
yes my husband died and i have almost grown children in college
i love to cook fresh veggies from the garden when kids are home
i would love a painting of my garden
beside my vegetable garden i have sunflower patch.
hi . i am doing alright . how about you ?
what are you making ? do you have any tips ? i need to learn to cook .
i am packing to move to my new apartment . i am scared and excited . I wish I could overcome my anxiety and go out more often.
yes ! and i am bringing my cat .
socks is his name . he is black and white .
yes . do you make those too ?
what do you do for work ?
oh nice . i have a job editing books . it really is my dream job .
that sounds good ! i usually opt for coffee .
fun ! i grew up in the south in a mobile home park .
that is cool . any hobbies ? i sing , mostly in a choir at church
that is cool . any favorite foods ? mine is hot wings .
got ya . do you have any kids ? i have 3 .
take your time and enjoy life kids can be a handful .
lol what do you do for a living ? i drive a semi, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a chef and open my own restaurant.
cool do you have a lot of animals ?
i am doing fine . just checking on my dog before settling in for the night .
right now i have a beagle . she is a little feisty . i miss my shepard mix .
i am in america . but my parents came from russia . my mother was russian .
yes , i can speak russian . i am a chef . i also run a russian restaurant, but if I could go back in time, I would learn more traditional Russian recipes from my mother.
i learned all i know from my mother . she died when i was 18 .
yes , it was . her dream was to start a restaurant . i opened one 3 years ago .
thank you . my dog is barking . i think there are too many cars driving by .
i take my dog to the alley near the restaurant . he barks at all the cats .
hi , i love animals too . i just wrote a short film about animals . I wish I could showcase my short films at different film festivals around the world.
that is awesome ! i am getting ready to go to comic con . have you been before ?
tomorrow i am headed to a lesbian bar to play my guitar . what are you up to ?
be careful you do not run in to sasquatch .
you never know what is out there .
maybe i will write a short film about them .
so you are a big movie fan ?
what topics are your favorite ?
i am doing just fine watching some nascar highlights
what do you like to cook . favorite dish ?
i love lasagna and spaghetti
i would love that and i can bring my wife as well
that will not be a problem for me
i am positive i can learn it
wow , did you regret that at some point or was the love just that strong, I wish I could own a beach house like my parents.
nothing at work reading . i read a lot of books lol . you ?
ah , that is a nice movie lol . have any hobbies ?
haha great way to lose weight with that diet . i dance
awesome . i am like obsessed with sharks, if I could have any animal as a pet, it would be a shark.
oh that is interesting . some say i have a witty attitude
they are . i love when they attack . . best part
they are actually pretty nice once you get to know them
no i lied they are vicious animals and you should never go near one
his
do you bake
what do you do for a living ?
where are you from ?
what state ?
sure . kinda scary sometimes tho, I wish I could move to a new city and start fresh.
i am good . not yet . just got home from work . you ?
sounds good . do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i like to rock climb .
it can be if you are not careful .
i like to go for walks on the beach .
oh . what do you drive ?
cool . i have a honda civic . it is black . If I could change one thing about my job, I would work in a national park instead of a retail store.
what is your favorite movie ?
i am not much into music , but i love reading and telling stories.
oh , do you play often ? what do you do for work ?
what a nice story ! i hope i can inspire my daughters as well !
i am an english teacher , but I wish I could play guitar like you, but I never had the chance to learn.
well , probably a story about losing my husband a few years ago .
thanks . its ok , i still have my daughters
do you have any kids ?
that sounds fun what do you watch
i am pregnant so i can not handle too much excitment
that would work great i love that
my name is marry what is yours
i think we can that sounds great to me i have a horse
yes that would be cool
where do you work now
i am doing fine . just hanging out at home with my 4 cats
not really . i like going to see live music, but if I had more free time, I would love to join a music band and play the drums.
very nice , i cannot ski , but riding a unicycle is my forte
thanks . i do not have a lot of time to practice . i work a lot
i do . its just hard to get away between studying for college and working .
what are you majoring in ?
do you work as well as attend school ?
that is funny , i work at a grocery store .
i just got back from a run with my dog bacon
australian shepherd mix . . he is my buddy out side my 3 kids
2 are grown for me as well just 1 left scary 16
my daughter no longer does rainy day 16 candles makes me sad
i love cheesecake which is why i run so much
I wish I could spend more time volunteering at animal shelters.
i do sales and uber gotta get my youngest in college
its nice in my area i do not weekends
what is hike ? i am gardening at the garden center and volunteer with animals .
do not wander into a bears mouth . my parents deny science .
they are not religious either . i am like a wiccan but have not told them. I wish I had the courage to tell my parents about my beliefs.
ya they do not like that i believe in any a .
volunteer with animals for fun , you ?
would you cycle with me ?
let us path together and enjoy the day
i currently live in a science lab , you
great ! just finished feeding my 2 snakes . how are you ?
nice ! i need to get my allergies checked out again . its the dust .
is some of subways food organic ? that is all i eat .
i may play ! gonna organize my comic collect first .
i have not got my schedule yet .
that sounds great i could use some outside time ! I wish I could show you my autograph collection someday.
hello , mary . allie and i are good . we just came home from a run .
i am a curator at a museum . i bike to work daily .
do you have any hobbies ? i am learning how to craft milkshakes the old fashioned way .
i watch clouds on lunch breaks, but if I had more time, I would love to learn how to craft milkshakes like a pro.
they can . i am right beside a large lake , so they are fascinating to watch .
i can also take allie to work with me , she likes that . people adore her .
yeah i love dogs ! they hunt for me . i love to eat red meat !
hey if you ever need your computer fixed , i bet i could work on it .
you are going to hurt me . however , redheads have no soul !
its a good thing i moved very far from my home and previous stalker, but I wish I could go back home and reunite with my family.
like i said , very very very far from my home .
no ! i am very jumpy .
i am doing great thanks , and yourself ?
it was here too ! whats your job ?
very cool , i make youtube videos
i do makeup and stuff for people to feel pretty
yeah except for the weird makeup challenges . yuck !
i do not but i have my pink car its my baby
i wish , just a corvette . if it was red i would be prince
he is good . my dad listens to him when he flys his plane .
hi ! no , i am a student . whats your favorite color ?
love blue . what music do you play ?
nice ! i work 2 pt jobs to help pay for school, but if I could pick a different career path, I would choose to pursue music like you.
yes , its hard . hoping for time to go beach walk with the hubby soon .
ever play guitar while you fish ?
well , i must go ! time to study ! thanks for chatting.
i am good watson , i just peed on a rose bush . felt great
well , i saw a hot canadian woman and i peed on my shoe, but If I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair orange.
it was an accident watson my dear boy ! she was hot ! !
i am athletic , volcano hiking is my favorite exercise
nonsense , you and i are amazing . especially riding in my prius
its a cute blue . really good car for investigating murders
do not do it watson ! canadian women love full heads of hair.
pretty good . how are you ?
great ! must be karma
i constantly read and i am reading a book on it now .
no , on karma , but i wrote a book once on steve mcqueen
i am working on one now about why people go on blind dates. I wish I could go on a blind date to experience it firsthand.
i have never been on one and trying to see how many turn into real relationships.
i am doing great and you ?
i like going out to rock concerts . sorry about being stuck .
true , where did you grow up ?
on a farm until i was 18 .
wow , we did until i moved to the other side of the country .
the us . do you get to hang out with friends ?
i hang out with mine on weekends sometimes .
i could not imagine . i only eat in bed .
good , watching the latest episode of face off . seen it ?
special effects competition . i have to make cookies for the bake sale after .
i do not work . i stay home with the kids .
i love to cook , i do not like to bake though . too hot .
i live in atlanta . where do you live ?
near the beach ? i love the ocean .
what sort of work do you do ?
sounds interesting . oh no , my favorite person just got eliminated
sitting on the couch with my black lab , what about you ?
nice , i enjoy fishing but weather is not the best right now, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the ocean.
forest gump , i like movies like that haha
really wow , that is a classic
way cool ! where do you live , i live in tennessee
cool we are almost neighbors
red because i like alabama football
o yeah , whats your fav color , is it purple ?
my name is mary , i teach art classes . how are you ?
sometimes i like to sew clothing to wear . what do you like to do ? I wish I could sew as well as you do, I would make all my own clothes.
that is interesting . but what do you do for fun ? i go to thrift shops .
what are the names of your dogs ?
you named your dog after yourself ?
jerry is a good name . i like exotic prints . do you ?
what kind of clothes do you like ?
do you ever get ties at thrift shops ?
hello . tell me about yourself ? why do you say i guess ?
i am in cali so its evening
it must be really late over there
type too much ?
i really do not see the point in this hit, if only I could relax and not take things so seriously.
yeah at least give us something interesting to work with , everyone is so retarded
people are tellin me they are the president lol . . . . what can i say to that ?
i asked him why he was orange , he said cuz he ate too much cheetos.
i like reading and spending time with my 10 grandchildren . how about you ?
that is wonderful . i am 71 and not too handy with computers .
i am never played the stocks . i do not have the best luck .
i am retired but i am very grateful that my 4 children help take care of me .
yes , i love bingo ! do you play any games ?
i am not familiar with keno
it was nice talking with you too
i am a realtor , but wait tables on saturday and sunday boring , how about you ?
ah ! whats that like ? i took 2 accounting classes , i was really bad at it .
are you going out with friends tonight ?
i am going out with my best friends from college , they are incredible and fun !
they are the greatest friends i love them ! i have a cat , but I wish I could have a pot-bellied pig as a pet, they seem so adorable!
i have never seen one ! what are they like ?
i bet . i hear they are very loving , like dogs and cats.
i am not doing too good . you ?
i lost my job recently and having a hard time finding something .
that is cool i guess , do you have a significant other
i do not know , lately i have been so sad , i think i need some help
who knows . i told my parents i was bi and i hate my life
no , i live with my mom and dad , they will never allow it
all my friends think being bi is a disease , I wish I had a supportive friend to talk to about being bisexual.
i am great today . how are you ?
i have plans to go to a festival . do you like live music ?
that is awesome . do you have a lot of friends at your school ?
i have some friends at school and a lot of friends in my neighborhood too .
yes actually they are and i am the shortest of the bunch . how about you ?
i like to paint and play with my dogs . I wish I had a garden to grow fresh vegetables.
my friends are mellow but fun . where are you from ?
i have two pets , a dog named emmy and a cat , felix. I wish I could have more time to travel and explore new places.
no , i am a solo gardener in a small city .
i love to crochet , and cook . i am also a crafter knitter
mostly afghans now , i have started knitting and make sweaters now
are you on revelry ?
its like facebook for knitters , has patterns , etc
no problem , its great for keeping track of projects etc
nope its free to join , basically good for keeping organized
i am good , just enjoying my favourite spaghetti and meatballs .
when i grow up i hope to work as a football player, but I wish I could play tennis like my mom.
i do not have money to buy them as i am only in elementary school.
yes i am a kid , and i love one direction . do you ?
my mom is always busy training . she is a professional tennis player .
you should listen to them . they are good . what else do you like ?
what is your diet ? no spaghetti ?
school keeps me busy . and football !
hello , i am doing well , i can pilot a plane !
that is cool , i do not fly far because i live in up in the mountains .
that would be nice , i use flying to feed my hobby which is photography, but if I had a television, I would watch cooking shows all day long.
i do ! i listen to the radio because i do not have a television .
that is cool . well i have to get off here soon . is there anything else ?
that is crazy hope you okay now !
that is nice i fell on a fire place and broke my nose when i was 4
i am doing very well today , and how might you be ?
oh my , your cup is running over i see .
i am retired , but my wife and i do a bit of travel .
central america mostly . we go there to feed and teach the children about god .
haha , sadly they do not like people talking thing like that out or in . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i am sure it would , i am more of a wine man myself .
it depends on who you share one with .
hello . dan , my name is mike . mainly work at the moment .
no , i do not . wait what kind of trucks ?
oh , i thought you meant commercial . i know how to drive them .
often . i find the road to be comforting .
i drive for myself . own my own truck .
i have several . you know commercial trucks ?
oh , i grew up an orphan and find the road soothing. If I had pursued a different career path, I may have become a comedian to have a chance to make others laugh.
i always felt alone growing up . the road gives me solace .
the weather is beautiful here in california . how about for you ?
yes i am going hiking , i love the outdoors . what are your plans ?
studying is always important . i may also look for deals at goodwill today .
right ! it beats the high priced boutiques any day !
mine too ! i really love it here , like they say there is no place like home .
i understand that feeling well . if I could, I would love to visit the midwest and see the fall colors.
very true . i feel very strongly about recycling.
not bad got up to watch the sunrise today
i wish i had a dog but i work too much to take care of one
that is not bad if you can afford it i am thinking of joining a gym
haha that is one reason to go i guess
i am excited to see the sunset tonight its so pretty
at home through my apartment window
i am not sure if my building allows pets i would have to ask
i have not read a book in a very long time i am always so busy
that is nice to know . i travel due to being financially stable .
that is wonderful . i am addicted to fast food
i have tons of money , and am too lazy to cook .
i am not very worried about it ! i am still skinny . are you ?
woman love a little extra meat sometimes . as long as you are productive .
i understand completely . life is great ! I wish I could cook more often and eat healthier meals.
that sounds great , considering i eat out a lot !
chicken nuggets with the special sauce .
i am good . exhausted from working , thought . what about you ?
i work full time at a clothing store , five days a week . you ?
as long as you are happy ! i go to the pool every thursday to relax
is that a long movie ? few hours ? that is what i spend at the pool
it is just me and my parents . i am not married and have no kids, but I wish I could have a big family with lots of kids.
i am sorry to hear that . what kind of music do you like ?
i enjoy it all , too . which is a problem with my shopping addiction !
oh wow ! that is an old car . i am surprised it still runs .
well lets see , i recently bought a kitty named jojo and i am a full-time artist. If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional walker.
wonderful ! you know i really like the color palettes used in that show game of thrones
indeed . my kids enjoy role-playing their favorite characters from the newest power rangers movie
ah . i highly recommend the new one , its very funny .
i have two boys and two girls
haha its quite a handful i have indeed
hello , i am fine , do you have any hobbies ?
i love animals , i am always looking for wildlife , even on videos .
great ! i think i get along with animals better than people most of the time .
sounds nice , i like to visit animal shelters , do you ?
it does break your heart , do you have any pets ? I wish I could communicate with animals like Dr. Dolittle.
www , i have a few different breed of pets.
oh . i love the movie godfather .
oh . i go every few years . are you male or female ?
oh , me too . no , i do not think so .
oh . I wish I could join you in painting at the museum.
i am on my feet a lot but am overweight .
i need to start working out .
i know , i know ! but i am lazy .
are you in a relationship ?
really ? i have two dogs and a cat
wow . are you a rocker ? bruno mars is my favorite musician, but I wish I could dye my hair purple like yours.
what do you do ? purple hair must be hard to pull off .
you sound young . just an old accountant here .
i do not play video games but i like to run .
that is not nice . gone with the wind is an old movie .
why do you say that ? why do you not like it ?
my dogs are actually wolves .
hey . . how are you ? i have a joke whats brown and sticky ?
a stick ! !
i am not good enough to be a comedian . i am just a connoisseur of bad jokes. If I could change one thing about my appearance, I would love to have red hair like my parents.
i work on cars , but i would much rather be a tiger .
of horse you do ! ! do you speak any other languages ?
fluent in german . . wie geht es dir ?
i am doing good . so tell me about yourself .
sounds interesting . i eat a lot of carbs , clean gutters , and ride a motorcycle .
not really , why do you ask ?
is bread the only source of carbs ?
nah its not ? i am confused .
you said , nah . what does that mean ?
oh i thought you were trying to sound cool for a second .
sounds like an immature way of saying something.
how are you doing tonight
eating dinner as we speak, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to be able to juggle endless items effortlessly.
who all is playing and who is your favorite team
i like the orioles which is md team
that is cool what about football
my favorite team is the seahawk
no i am from md but i hate heavens
i have two teams steelers and seahawks
hey there ! i am a beach loving vegan . what is your study ?
blue , what is your favorite music ?
i do not , i listen to country , i am a country girl at heart
salads here . are you working ? i have been for 7 years
if I wasn't allergic to dogs, I would love to have a pet.
what kind of a breed is she ?
bet she is a beaut . are you close with family ?
why did you choose your line of study ?
very good . what is your favorite superhero ? mine is flash, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with butterflies.
summer or winter ? i like summer more .
i am not . are there many butterflies there ? i like butterflies .
it might be unusual but I type using one hand only .
do you like dresses ? i hate them .
very good to know . tell me more about you .
i love other football called soccer .
we should watch a game together .
i am good thank you . and you ?
so what are you up to this morning ?
oh , where are you from that causes your accent ?
well, that is pretty cool . someday i will take my wife and child and visit there, if I could go back in time, I would study Japanese in college.
i will have to save my money so we can go .
i own my own company so i will have to find the right time to travel
i used to know how to say hello , but that is about all
i think Japanese is one of the harder languages to learn.
i would not be able to do that . i am allergic to the gluten in macaroni .
not really , my allergies are part of life . i am a commercial actor .
i hope to get into tv and movies one day . i love watching them .
geology rocks ! i wish i could spend time outside , but with all my allergies . . .
yeah , i can imagine that a traveling encyclopedia salesman is outside lots .
meeting ozzy osbourne was the biggest and best , i love metal !
i loved his papa johns commercials ! inspiration .
maybe you're a bank manager.
that is interesting i started my company, but I wish I could spend more time in the forest like you do.
do you get much free time ?
my company is a turnkey so i only show up for short visits
yes it pays 70 k yearly and i get to spend time with my wife and child
your job seems more exciting
yeah, I would hate for a tree to fall on me or anybody.
i just finished my cats funeral, if my cat hadn't passed away, I would have thrown him a birthday party.
she was really old ! my dog , percy , is cheering me up !
i was also watching tommy the tank engine !
my favorite show ! i was also reading about trains !
i am indeed , yes ! what are you a fan of ?
do you ? i like the cold weather !
is the brain damage bad ?
school all day . multi variable calculus is tough
i wrote a poem about my bike , while i was on it , riding .
both . this school is cool , but I might go to public university .
i am still in high school . i am not stupid , i know i am naive . but sure if I had a car, I would take a road trip across the country.
summer . i am going to ukraine .
who ? my grandmother lives there . i am sure she knows about them.
i have never heard of it . i am listening to Bon Iver .
i like a vegan cooking show on there . i live in seattle , where are you ?
that sounds nice . i am hoping to move to the beach .
i am a Buddhist , i am a peaceful person .
very true . safety must come first , i am in public relations and its a nightmare, but I wish I could attend a Bon Iver concert someday.
it is . a little boring at times . what do you do ?
school is always a good idea .
you should follow them , you still have time to enroll .
hello ! that is gross ! where do you live ? i am in the mountains
so do i but , i would rather be biking in the mountains somewhere in vermont, but I wish I could live in a bustling city to advocate for environmental causes.
yeah , i live there and love hiking as well .
i do but prefer hip hop . i love visiting national parks infact , i been to 12
that is cool . i am a huge environmental activist ! what about you ?
well i can not say that i blame you there
that sounds exciting and fun ! where are you from ?
is your name pink floyd by chance ?
good , pickling my eggs before a paint my nails . i am doing thing i like today, but I wish I had more time to indulge in my passion for painting.
oh dogs ! sometimes i go on long hikes with mine something i like as well .
take them to the beach . its where i kick butt at volleyball i will do that later today .
i ran into dog poop there .
its ok my dogs licked it off
yep did look tasty though .
some people say i have coprophagia but i do not know what that means
i am good . how are you doing today ?
i love fresh vegetables and fruits . do you have a garden ?
the beach is nice , but i do not get to go too often .
i am a cashier at my local shock store .
just a small town , no big city, but I wish I could live in a big city like my friend in Chicago.
i do have a friend in chicago that i see sometimes
i love to eat ribs , and other , food . and beer !
i love to when watching football with my friends
are you a student still ?
what are your two jobs ?
i like blue but my favorite color is orange
halloween is my favorite holiday .
haha are you going to dress up ?
i will probably be a football player like last year
um more of a dog person , what color is your hair ?
doubt it , work from home as a ski racer , my hair is red
i do not i am sorry .
really ? mine is summer also i prefer warmer weather .
i cannot believe I ski and I am scared to go high lol, if I could overcome my fear of heights, I would love to try skydiving.
i understand i broke my arm doing it before
yes she is eating right now.
yes i can , but that depends on the secret .
ha . . . now that is funny . let me ask do you still love her ?
i have lived with my boyfriend for 5 yrs if he did that he would be gone .
i am an it tech , born in london and live in austria .
its amazing and such a joy to paint , i am an artist and love my brush .
i try to paint anything that catches my eye and hold my interest .
doing ok . . . just trying to keep to my diet
well i gained wait when i quit smoking . . . and now i am doing sewing to quit eating, but if only I could travel the world and explore different cultures.
least you get out of the house for work . . . i am a lonely cat lady all cooped up
short , fat , and unemployed ! what comedian said that again ? ! ?
and dull brown hair . . . how was i dealt such an unexciting hand to play ?
not even my cat . . . tough being a cat lady when even your cat hates you
no job , no money , and no light anywhere in sight in my tunnel.
oh yes , all is good . how about you ?
oh really ? moving is a lot of work ! do you have pets ?
nice , i really enjoy dogs ! mine keeps a single girl company and safe !
what kind of work do you do ? i am a pediatric office nurse .
your creative then . can you paint flowers ? i love a lily !
oops , you are . that is awesome ! do you like to read ? i do, if only I could find someone who appreciates my love for reading and dogs as much as I do.
wow ! you are talented , for sure !
well , i better get rest . Mondays are always busy at the doctor's office ! good night
hi what are your plans this weekend ?
i love the fall weather already cool for september
oh no the cool weather is where its at . . . lol and the lovely fall colors .
love mexican for sure and american and chinese . we have a chinese delivery service here
i love enchiladas the most . i knew a mexican lady that made some awesome enchiladas
yes and authentic
just part time after school, but I wish I could play hockey with my best friend who just moved away.
hello , i am waiting to go to work .
i walk dogs and other things . i live in nyc , plenty of work to be had .
my best friend left me to move to japan, I wish I could travel to Japan to visit my best friend. I need a companion dog.
i love trying new restaurants and window shopping .
smack is my ultimate favorite . i love their macaroni and cheese .
you really should . it is a few blocks from me .
you will be glad that you did .
i love ice cream, there are so many great shops here in town.
nothing much watching history channel . i like history a lot. I wish I had pursued a career in history instead of becoming a technician.
i also go to the movies with my girlfriends.
i play softball , what about you ?
that is a lot of walking , i sometimes help my father at his drywall business.
yes i have three horses and two dogs.
they are pit bulls , really nice dogs.
my sister has a chihuahua , do you work ?
i work as a technician.
hi i am good and you
nice do you work then
cool do you like music
nice who is your favorite band
kings of leon are the best
you should give them a listen
i play football it is fun, but I wish I could play football professionally.
i think so i hit people hard.
i am making some chai tea right now
my snake is purple . i also have a dog
i really like the color black . i have a lot of black clothes
i also love plants and i draw a lot
yeah i try to keep busy all the time
me either i wish i was rich it sucks
tell me about it toilet paper is a luxury
i am scared of spiders lol
sup my name is john deer but my friends call me jd
i love festivals . all kinds , music , food , film . but my fave is music
that is cool have you heard of the story so far ? best band ever
if I could have any pet, it would be a pet parrot named Mango. ll
www whats going on with him ?
probably . definitely should take him to my friend . she trains dogs
whats your bf name ? i might know him
in a sense , i guess . i write for a newspaper, but if I hadn't pursued journalism, I might have explored a career in art.
more of a dog person . my dog , sleuth , is my only friend .
great cat name . i had a professor named charlie in college .
my father was a butcher , so not much artistry in my blood .
oh yes . he specialized in seasoned meats .
i like them , but do not wear them myself . what type of metal ?
sometimes simple is more elegant . have a favorite style ?
not too bad . just hanging out and reading . you ?
i am actually rereading 1984 . you familiar ? anything good on netflix ?
i sure as hell hope not ! though there is not much incriminating stuff on my blog lol .
no one here to share about books with so i blog . you big on chess . never played .
actually just started a project with some other folks who publish blogs . what is the new job ?
not picking up what you are putting down , friend .
only through books and tv haha
i think maybe you watched oceans 11 a time or ten too many, I wish I could start a podcast to discuss the books I read.
i am great when my children are at school
i have ten children all of different ages
it is . they grow up so fast
that would be great . i am not even sure what sizes they wear .
i stay at home to take care of the house, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in literature.
yes . i feel like it is fulfilling though .
that sounds great . i hope my kids feel that way .
what do you do for fun
i am good how are you ?
no , but i really want a dog because i love them. If I had a dog, I would name him after a character from League of Legends.
is their name yoshi ? like in mario
oh cool . my brain just automatically goes to video games
no i live by myself
oh whats wrong with her ?
i am doing well and you ?
i do not but i love to cook
mostly stews they are great for this weather
i suppose . do you like music ?
you can always learn silly
just pick something and start then
i do not but I love Frank Sinatra, if I were to learn an instrument, I would choose the saxophone to play Frank Sinatra tunes.
at times . i am an older woman.
about to go to bed . i wake up at 4am . every darn morning .
do you serve steak ? that is the best !
oh , can you deliver breakfast to my condo ?
you write ? have you ever written about Canada ?
oh fun ! i want to go to Canada so bad . If I could travel anywhere, I would go to a steakhouse in Argentina.
you like to watch YouTube videos a lot ?
i love to travel . i want to go to Canada next .
i would like to read that .
hi , i am also a teacher ! love it . what ages for you ?
awesome . i teach 4th . my kid with autism has really benefited from his special ed teacher
yeah agree . do you have kids ?
i get that . sounds busy . i have two but I say four with my dogs included, if I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to understand and communicate with all animals.
just taking care of the dogs and letting the kids relax . you ?
nice , how many do you have ?
aw i am sorry . what kind of dogs are they ?
mine seem to be poodle maltese mixes of some sort .
hello ! i am good . how are you ?
nice . i just fixed lunch for my child .
i do , 2 boxers . how about you ? if I could have a pet, I would love to have a boxer dog like you have.
sorry to hear . do you work ?
nice . i work in a clothing retailer .
yes . do you drive a car ?
nice ! i like red wine . do you ?
hello , i believe in things i can touch and see . so . . .
i did not say i did not believe, I often wonder what my life would have been like if I had pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
it is a relative thing . my father was a cop , the stories he could tell .
the love webs that people create for themselves is astonishing
they are probably the same thing on some level
i love to bowl , got 300 couple of times
got to go . nice to meet ya
i am good and eating my favorite food nachos . how are you ?
i play dungeons and dragons so i guess we are both kind of nerds in a way .
i wish i was born a prince so i would not have to talk to people .
being a nerd is not bad but a lot of people make fun .
just because i play dungeons and dragons .
i also like nachos a lot . so that makes me normal .
i like paining too but i do not like talking to people about it .
yes i was meant to be a prince . maybe in the next life .
i have brown hair and very skinny, but if I were taller, I would have pursued a career in modeling.
sewing , taking my cat out . you ?
nope i am single . what about you ?
cool . he can be the next george clooney
my dad was a movie director in the eighties
friday the 13th movies . i love jason
it is all make believe . they are the best
i am doing well . how bout yourself ?
i am a travel agent . love my job, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a fitness instructor.
its a blast . i get to travel a lot myself . my favorite place to go is jamaica
indeed . jamaica is a whole other world .
kansas . the land of eternal flatness .
i love it . great place to raise a family .
how do you like it there ?
hi . i am a teacher too that enjoys fishing !
i teach classic radio programs as i love them myself !
i enjoy romantic movie . what is your favorite season ? mine is summer .
yeah fall is cool too . do you like cars ?
i adore my impala, but I wish I could take my impala on a road trip across the country.
yeah its cool to sometimes just hang at home and relax !
i love fishing and swimming ! both a great combination .
yeah nothing beats that right ?
hello how are you ? i live in cali . . hoping to be famous someday
i am currently an actress . . just working in a grocery store also lol, but if I had pursued a career in cooking, I might have discovered a hidden talent.
okay that is not my cup of tea lol . . . but great for you
what do you do for work
oh that is unique . . my skin is very important so i can't do too much nature
i just take great care of it . . i do love natural remedies
yes , and greater for nature i would think
hello , i am very well now that i got my run in . how are you ?
do they have any books on basketball or the vancouver grizzlies ? I wish I could attend a live game of the Vancouver Grizzlies.
they are the local basketball team , i live near ontario , canada .
i am . do you like sports ?
that is okay too . do you garden ?
i do too , i currently have rue , sage , rosemary and catnip on the patio .
i do , the catnip is for a tincture that helps me sleep .
it does , along with a few other herbs .
oh no ! i am scared of sharks ! speaking of bites i know a vampire man
oh ! i do not like that ! but i do like to hang out with my friends . you ?
super beets are equivalent to blood ? i prefer shrimp ! its my favorite
are there vampires in new orleans my mother is a palm reader there, if I could choose, I would love to explore the mysteries of palm reading like my mom.
oh god ! well my mom is a palm reader there in new orleans
oh gosh ! that is scary ! what else do you like ?
lol that is too funny ! you should be a comedian
i am ok , my back is hurting . you ?
where do you work at
i do not due to my chronic back pain
i have a lot of passions and music is one ! what about you ?
that is awesome . i have an old soul and enjoy that too
yes i love the olympics ! ! and gymnastics ! i wish I could participate in gymnastics like the athletes in the Olympics.
yeah ! do you know much about chronic back pain ?
i am very well , thank you . how are you do ?
me neither , i do not have any kids or close family .
oh wow . i have never been married , came close once .
you are lucky , do you golf ? if I weren't the head of the gun club, I would pursue a career in poetry.
what a small world ! i am the manager of a gun club .
i would love too ! mine are pink , so you may not want to try mine .
i teach literature at the local college .
my husband is a detective
i am doing well ! how are you ?
oooh , what do you do ?
where in italy ? i was onsite filming in rome a while back
i hear that . have not spent much time there . . . underwater shoots are not my kinda thing
i am an actor . hoping to move onto production eventually, but If I pursued my passion for directing, I might have been behind the camera instead of in front of it.
i appreciate that . what sort of food would you suggest
yaaaaas . one day , i will reference you in the credits of my directoral debut
person . . . thanks for the food recs . i owe it all to you . brain food.
i am great . cooking a big Indian dinner
i love fish , from salmon to tuna
neat being from Greek and Indian culture I try lots of food, but if I could change one thing about my heritage, I would have both my parents from the same country.
nope but i would love to play the electric guitar
i have few hobbies . reading and cooking
only once . a fish jumped right in the boat lol
it must have been something in the water lol
yes , i just had BBQ last night
great ! my name is bob , and i am 35 and unmarried . i teach .
high school Japanese and classes for drawing . been doing it 10 years .
please do not make fun of the way I say hippopotamus when we do, if I could change one thing about my teaching career, I would love to explore teaching art history in Japan.
no , because of my thick accent . my dog likes tennis though
I am unable to tell you my dog's name, we're both Japanese though .
I would let you , I get tired of doing it because he stinks .
I love historical biographies about the American and French revolutions myself .
me too ! I went to Versailles and everything . I love French gardens !
hey , just getting in from the vet . i love my job how about you ?
laughing my butt off that is too funny . i love to cook to . what are you eating ?
really , that sounds like fun . do you have kids ?
i have 2 girls myself i know the feeling, but I wish I could travel the world with my husband to exotic places.
yeah he is a lawyer . always in the office working you know how that goes
i am sorry to hear that . you should wear something sexy for him and bring him a rose
you are not fat you are pretty fabulous and tempting
i work in the vet but i do life coaching on the side
hi , i am currently working on my novel how about you ?
amazing , what a rewarding life . what is your favorite color , mine is black ?
you got very lucky . do you have a favorite food i love strawberries hate pickles ?
not sure yet i want it to be like my favorite show rick and morty, but if I could change one thing about my novel, it would be to make it a fantasy epic instead.
yes all kinds , sorry my iphone is bring buggy .
i am not really a fan of beets either .
yeah its so annoying . any hobbies ?
oh i love music are you in a band ?
i am god , i like all kinds of music .
i do karaoke on fridays that is as close as i get to singing .
i coach my sisters' volleyball team , i like crosswords , i crochet , i watch football . If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
i cook , i love apple pie even though i am allergic to apples i eat them anyway .
yeah its a rare one . i love chicken .
i give them as gifts , i sold some at a craft show once .
i work in a call center is your band your full-time job ?
i am feeling nostalgic today
of what i used to be, if I had not escaped, I would still be a slave today.
a slave , i know that sounds crazy
i escaped finally . after like 9 years .
i build things , like jesus .
you could come and pant for me
i think so , i could
cool , well get to work , what am i paying you for ?
doing okay . just working and thanks for asking .
oh my sounds good . glad it's the weekend .
like to write and want to go out find a new lady . life been hard. I wish I could find a new companion who shares my love for dogs and writing.
nothing wrong with that . relaxing is nice . getting old as well .
oh my car shows is amazing want a dream car
my dog would like to go for a ride in it and hope you get it
next year i will be able to retire i am old . corvette and thanks .
i miss my ex-wife so just be me and my dog.
hi , i am just fine , thanks for asking
yes i love music gospel music best
that sounds good , i listen to music when i'm driving
i enjoy reading books , what about you
ok , i like traveling and sampling foods
i grew up on a large farm, if I didn't have fibromyalgia, I would love to experience the snowy winters in PA.
that sounds , how is the weather there
not well . someone left tofu in the fridge at work ! lol
really ! i hate the stuff .
what was your dream ? ? ?
that sounds pretty scary ! do you live in a mobile home ?
i could never live in a mobile home . we own our own house .
good for you ! never thought i would get married . now i own a prius ! lol, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work for a non-profit organization instead.
my wife stays home so she can get pretty crazy .
well , if you need any legal advice , i work for a law firm .
great ! i have a lot of friends , no reason why you cannot be one of them .
i work as a dj , but i am blind . i have to use a cane. If I could see, I would love to admire the art in a museum.
sounds nice . even though i am blind , i drove a car once .
no , not really . i work indoors at a radio station .
oh , i enjoy it . i have had a lot of laughs over the years .
not really . sometimes we have a give away that we will ask people to call in .
we have a wide variety of listeners from 20s to 40s , i would say .
no , i am not driving home . i cannot drive because i am blind . i take a taxi.
hello , good . how are you ?
why , is she i will ? i am going on a boat fishing today ?
no i am too busy at my fishing job .
mainly just fishing and boating . i really like to eat fish like tuna, but if I had more free time, I would explore other hobbies like painting or photography.
congratulations ! no , i am not married . where do you live ?
do you know where cape hatteras is ? that is where i am .
oh , neat . my absolute favorite fish is rock fish .
hey , i am good . how are you ?
what are the plans ? where are the plans ?
oh that is interesting . i hope you have fun .
i am sure it does . well my dream is to play drums for a living, I wish I could pursue my music dream like you.
i am not sure how that makes sense . but i am going to just go with it .
i have invested in bitcoin . not a bad investment .
the value increases and decreases a lot , its good to keep track of it .
nothing much took my dog to get groomed you ?
i love my family nothing is before them
i have a maltese she is so cute with her bow , we almost died
If I could change one thing about myself, I would learn to play a musical instrument, driving too fast gets the adrenaline pumping.
i like sports but i rather read about them
i understand why , i am so big but so sweet on her .
not really , i like to work also got bills to catch up on .
hi julie i work for an airline .
that would be nice . i just sit in a chair and fly .
are you afraid of anything ? i cannot stand the sight of insects .
me too ! they are the worst . i have to call my gf in slc to complain .
says get over it , kill the spider yourself , you are a pilot .
so do you like dogs ?
sad my beagles would not like that arrangement
what do your parents do ? mine were military .
i am good , how are you ?
nice . i am currently grading homework . i teach 1st graders
i am preparing my 3-year-old for college , can never start too early
i would love to see a purple cat ! its my favorite color. I wish I had a circus act like yours, going over a wire on a unicycle sounds thrilling.
not really . i really love church though , maybe because my dad is a preacher . you ?
that sounds fun ! have you ever fallen ?
well since i will be at church Sunday , i will pray for you to be successful.
i feel really down , depressed and going out is not helping, if I didn't have anxiety, I would love to go out more often.
i am hoping to get to a new place soon
i mean move out with my cat
coz i live with my father and my bro
i think my cat helps me with my anxiety
my cat's name is oli
what is your dog's name though ?
anything my new boyfriend suggests . i like new foods, but I wish I could spend more time exploring different cuisines with my boyfriend.
he is a chef which is great because i am always studying .
education , my goal is to be a kindergarten teacher .
i like to see new works of art at the guggenheim . what do you do ?
that is a big difference ! do you get a lot of time to read ?
that is true , lol . i do very much but mostly i study .
no but i would like to read about art for fun .
i do not . i am a chicken .
hello ! how are you doing today
that is great ! i just got new earrings today !
hoop earrings , what is crazy is i have a cat named charlie .
how weird , do you like draw ? I wish I could create art with metal sculptures instead of food.
lol i am an artist too ! but i love pizza so i think i will make art with food
lol night is also my fave , i always go to bed late
i know , it is so hard to be on time
oh wow i wish i could work in a bank
i wish i could to move to the other side ot the town
i wish i ould take that mistake back
my father is worse than my harsh inner critic
i do not love my reputation
i have a difficult inner critic
i want to be perfect
richmond ! i used to live there , in va . i live in pa now .
i bet . i was born and raised on a large farm . i really miss it .
the animals and wide open space . i live in a small apartment now .
at least you are creative ! i love doing beadwork with my own patterns, but I wish I had pursued a career in writing instead of beadwork.
would reading help ? i enjoy reading . stories help me feel creative .
i can imagine their music really helps . what do you like to paint ?
that sounds great . i should try creating people using beadwork sometime .
do you prefer to paint realistic people ? or do you prefer a unique style ?
hello . i have two , and no children of my own . that is why i am divorced .
oh wow . i am a librarian in the children's department . they love my glasses .
i like to hike , as I am shy and do not like to hang out with others. I wish I could overcome my shyness and join a hiking group.
i love spending time with my dog and cat .
they do . do you have any pets ?
i love lizards , and what a great name !
Sirius and Panzer . how old is Scruffy ?
that they do . a friend has one who is 13.
i smoke a lot and like to spike my coffee ! yeah ! but If I could change one thing about my life, I would quit smoking and live a healthier lifestyle.
no . retired now but enjoy my meatloaf every day . how are you ?
great today . would like to be a hippo when reincarnated . you ?
true . but hippos are just so free and huge , you know ?
ha ha . you live near gators ? too far north here .
why would you like to be a dog ?
dogs can be a bit needy , though , unlike cats.
hi , i am william . do you thrash that hair ? then metallica is right for you !
early ! rock on ! i could imagine , the strain . but no pain no gain .
lol no worries . so what's your favorite food ?
rice with chicken . no doubt . yellow rice preferred !
normally before a good meal like that, i head to the gym .
animals are great . silly question would you ever play them Metallica ?
If only I could play guitar like James Hetfield from Metallica.
i am good, and how about you?
do you have any hobbies?
i love to go snorkeling.
it is a blast! i love the ocean!
very true. what is your favorite food? i love fresh mangos, especially for breakfast.
yes, crabs are so good, and lobster!
what! wow! it is a must for me! it was fun chatting with you.
you too! enjoy your crabs next meal!
are you at the beach ? ? ?
be careful , so that you are not gone with the wind , like my fav movie ! ;
do you have other hobbies ? what do you do ?
hey , that is certainly enough , if it makes you happy ! i like video games
surfing , snowboarding you seem like a thrill seeker ! are you a blonde surfer ?
ll mine is purple , but that is not my favorite color ! what do you do ?
gotcha ! do you surf along or with buddies ?
good hello how are you today ?
you can call me bob
no i would rather play my guitar, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to join a rock band and tour the world.
i am the lead singer of the band
the hot dog lovers inc
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
i guess that must be it
maybe change your face
i am good how about you ?
nice , can i get some ? i cant eat well
how many grandchildren do you have ? do the sleep all day like me ?
what kind of pain ? being social is not my cup of tea
oh my , hope everything gets better
do you work , i do in a factory
oh i see . i am really reliable in my job on other things i am not, I wish I had more energy to be productive at home like I am at work.
i am lazy at home , but not at my job
very good , i m only 10 years old, but I wish I could drive my own car like you do.
yes , they named me arnold . do you like watching tv ?
i like ham and cheese on my sandwiches . where are you from ?
i am a male , what state are you from ?
i am from florida , do you like ohio ?
what car do you have ?
my dad has honda civic . he likes it
i don t know , maybe he does
i do not watch tv . i was a slave and i never watched . I wish I could have had the chance to watch TV during my younger years.
i have been a carpenter since i escaped
thanks . i was the first born but my brother did not make it .
being a slave for many years . being captured makes you appreciate love
really . i do not like to gossip . . people need to mind their own business
do you think you are organized because most people are not
i concur . they must not be organized from what i gather .
yes . well i must get off . i must entertain company . goodbye .
tired , spent the day in the kitchen then ran a mile tonight
i might as well be a chef . i have 4 children under 5 .
how old are you , if you do not mind me asking ?
pittsburgh . how about you ?
i hope you and your family are safe . are you planning to evacuate ?
its good to be organized for that just in case .
i am good . do you collect anything ?
i have a shell collection . I wish I could travel to exotic locations for my shell collection.
i get them on vacations i go on .
yes , my son and i do .
lots of places . i like calm beaches and things . i do yoga there .
i am an instructor in it .
for about five years and i will keep at it .
hi matt i am rod i am a vegetarian ever since but i do eat fish. If I could go back, I would focus on becoming a veterinarian for marine life.
i am still studying and went straight to a graduate school .
i do not play football its not for me but my dog would love that .
i have pomeranian but my parents want him out because they pay my rent .
yes i know that he will but my parents also know that they will make a way .
wow i bet he is rich right now ? are you rich like your dad ?
wow you must be really smart to work as an it specialist ?
but still i think you made it at the top because you are smart .
britney spears touches me with her music .
i love pistachio ice cream and i like to watch videos of surgery .
traveling and making friends is fun . do you do that ? I wish I could travel and experience different cultures like you.
i blast spears while i play with edged weapons . i like rock shows .
your family sounds like mine .
you sound lonely . it seems like its what you are designed to be .
no , you do not like spears and she touches me .
i am a city person and i like playing with weapons that are edged .
i am doing okay how are you ?
yes i like tv when i get a chance i watch some tv
that is a good show funny too i like family guy
yes it is and the simpsons american dad
i like to play sports like volleyball , softball , soccer , love to play videogames what about you
me either some people have a talent for telling jokes .
yes with pratice you will get better .
i like to eat pizza hamburgers fries so goo but very unhealthy what about you ? If I could change one thing, it would be to enjoy vegetables more.
really ? well i have no siblings . only child, If I had siblings, maybe I wouldn't be so into plants.
why so messy . i am simple and love to garden and plants
jimmy allons the best . i may dye my hair purple . my fav color
well when we hang out you will look in my brown eyes and talk
he is funny . we should watch together
deal . you could see my plants
i love gossip . i am boring . i was the only child
great ! i just got back from an art museum . you ?
go where ? what do you like to do ?
i write stories someday i want to publish them, but I wish I could travel to different countries to get inspiration for my stories.
i am not sure i have any ready to share yet .
a little bit . i mostly like being cozy at my house , drinking tea .
i like all kinds . what do you grow ?
i like eggs too . where do you live ?
i am great , how are you ?
i am hoping to go for a hike after work and take some pictures, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued photography as a career.
i do not have any pets , but i do love to take pictures .
i am not a professional , but it is a big hobby of mine .
i did not like high school very much , had to get up way too early
i am not either . i am miserable in the morning .
i am okay . trying to chill out while listening to imagine dragons . you ?
yikes ! sorry , i do not know any mechanics . is your ex-wife okay ?
whenever i have to do something i hate i go for a six-mile run .
by the river since i kayak often . do you live near any good restaurants ?
one great seafood place nearby . i always get their crab and dip it in butter .
just kayaking and running . you ?
nice ! i am more of a Yugo type . slow and steady wins the race, but I wish I could trade my slow and steady Yugo for one of your Ferraris for a day!
nice chatting with you ! have a good night .
hi there , i am a mechanic !
wow , that is ambitious ! i enjoy going to the lake and watching food network .
i only know how to make cheeseburgers , honestly .
i do not care about my skin . i am a loner so no one really sees it .
i live in a city , but not a big one .
i am single but i do not think i want to get married
no thanks . i like being all by myself, but I wish I could join you on your fishing trips and learn some tricks.
that would be so cool !
i love anything off of a food truck ! what do you do for fun ?
i worry too much to walk in the dark ! what do you do for a living ?
i . . worry about where i am going to park when i go somewhere new !
i am a little bit too paranoid for a job .
i dye my hair blond in my spare time, I wish I had learned to play the guitar instead of the piano.
i read too . anything that is really quiet .
sure i like the blues mostly . i play the piano .
i am good , sorry you had a rough drive !
o wow ! well when i am stressed i go for a drive in my corvette, but if I had the chance, I would love to own a beach house in Hawaii.
it is not . i surf on my days off !
no i am safe out here in california .
country most definately ! i work as a mechanic in the city though .
i do not , but i love fresh veggies .
my father surfed and taught me as a child .
yes there are , but nothing compares to swimming in the ocean .
no , i am actually a music teacher, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of becoming a mechanic.
what do you mechanic on ? sometimes i watch scary movies
my favorite movie is called orange red . its also my favorite color
i usually collect lint . i put it in gestures and label them with the location
sometimes i also collect horror movies . tell me more about yourself
thank god for science am i right ?
creatures are sweet . what's your favorite ?
pretty good . thinking about the weather in florida . how is your day ?
autumn . love the leaves and cooler temps . whats yours ?
oh yeah ? what kind of fishing ? i live by a lake trout and bass .
excellent . you into sports ? i like tennis , football and hockey .
that is great . i love christmas . what kind of decorating do you do ? I wish my hair was red like yours.
that is so cool . you ever make it on the evening news when they do holiday pieces ?
hello , i am charlie . sorry to hear that . i am going to be marrying my girlfriend soon .
thanks . how long were you married with him ? i have been with the girlfriend for three years .
do you work ? if I could change one thing about my job situation, I would focus solely on pursuing my dream of becoming a baseball announcer .
awesome . i like to watch south park daily . do you like tv ?
coffee is good . i also like music like avenged sevenfold . what else do you like ?
i consider music and tv my hobbies . what is your favorite thing to plant ?
rock music . i love rock music . do you have a favorite plant ?
hello , i am doing well tonight . no seizure yet .
more than i would like . this new medication seems to be working .
i do not work , i take care of my son, but if only I could go swimming more often, it really helps me relax.
very nice ! my son and i went swimming today , now he is reading .
i would like more kids one day .
maybe in a few more years .
exactly . my parents divorced when i was young .
it is . i do not want that life for my own kids .
hi ! i am married and have kids . do you ?
i like rap too ! it helps with all the insecurities i have! If I could overcome my insecurities, I might consider pursuing my dream of becoming a professional musician.
eat ! i think i am hungry almost all the time ! but i want fancy car !
i think i want a corvette ! that would help make my life complete !
whats your favorite food ? i would get red its pretty !
i only like some sushi ! some of it is not good . other real good !
whats for dinner ? i am making spaghetti ! yum !
that sounds good too ! i love both !
hey , i am here right by miley cyrus and pnb rock
only when i am hanging out with my imaginary friends . do you have any friends ?
any favorite shows ? mine is tom and jerry .
yea , i like watching a game with bbq sandwiches and pizza puffs . what do you eat ?
i do not know if i do
thanks you too . enjoy your car
enjoy working out every day to some nice music by miley cyrus
I wish I could join my imaginary friends for a workout session.
i am alright , just listening to my favorite band , rush . you ?
sounds fun ! do you speak other languages ? i also speak french and spanish .
that does sound fun . i wonder if my color blindness would affect how they look .
writing or reading ? i really need to get a job , i have two kids .
that sounds awesome ! i love art . do you enjoy your job ?
that is funny . my kids love unicorns too !
they are okay , but i personally prefer narwhals .
i agree ! i just wish rush would make a song about them already .
i am doing okay how are you doing ?
that is good what kinds of foods do you like to eat ?
that sucks how long have you been diabetic ?
i am sorry to hear that my bf is prediabetic and he takes pills
yea i like music pop , rap , 80s music what about you ?
yes i love video games what kind of gaming system do you have ? I wish I could join you for a horseback riding adventure.
hello there . i am dave , aka personal trainer .
man , i could not do your job . way too much sitting around .
does your boss know you do this ?
i was beginning to think you fell asleep . ll nice boss you have .
lovely . what do you do on the weekends ?
i do not think there is any such thing .
i would rather be productive with my time .
only in vegas . ll
pretty good , just finished swimming, if I could have any superpower, it would be to fly like a bird.
yes learned at a young age , now i am 33
yes , yankee fan , and you
i play softball for all American women team
yes , two cats and 4 dogs , , do you
what music do you like, Kid Rock is my favorite singer.
i am great . nothing tending my garden . i love fresh vegetables !
that is why i am 70 and still kicking . fresh air , veggies , routines are keys to life, but if I had gone vegan earlier in life, I might have had even more energy at 71.
ah well as long as it's in moderation . he might change one day !
you're a good person . i prefer my quiet life at my house in the countryside
exactly and i hope to keep it like that
ah very cool keep doing the good work ! bye
oh I am but I do enjoy being active.
great i am baking a cake of katy perry right now . she is a great singer, but i wish I could attend one of Katy Perry's concerts in person.
me too ! after this i am going to sew a blanket for my friend
cool . can you make me one ? i am a size small
org neither do i . we can be beasties .
yes i am an awesome baker . i also can hunt my food . i love buffalo
great well lets set a date so we can hang out.
i am pretty good . its my parents 40th anniversary !
that is nice ! i am at my golden anniversary at work ll
is it against your religion to watch goodfellas ? i love that movie
oh nice . i just read a book set in france , it was fantastic . where in france ?
oh ! may i recommend reading a movable feast while you are there
if I had pursued my passion for writing, I might have been a successful author by now.
sounds like a nice life ! i am in the greeting card industry so competitive !
awake early . practiced guitar . what are you up to ?
i love animals . but i am not vegan . ha . i work as a welder .
yes one dog . i also play video games . not married . i am gay .
those kids should keep things exciting . do not they have activities ?
what kinda of things are on your bucket list ?
for me its , travel , buying a sports car , getting a masters degree . If I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in music.
try college teaching . i would love to do that . meet lots of people .
oh . police work is exciting . or even police department administrative work .
interesting . when i have free time , i sketch my favorite characters
cool , i like comic books . have you ever written a comic ?
what kind of stuff do you write ?
maybe you could write the story to a video game . . .
no . no time for them , too busy playing video games. I wish I could spend more time exploring my creative side instead of playing video games all day.
i feel bad for you . sorry .
anything comic book or anime related .
13 hours a day . literally .
doing good , was at a tailgate party had a blast
i also love to hunt during duck season , good times
it can be no doubt
not really i guess if you are a girl lol
no my girlfriend decided she would elope with my good friend, I wish I had pursued a degree in agriculture or farming.
yeah i do not think i am over it even yet
oh sad . i was not able to go to college because i had to run the farm
i wish i had time to climb a mountain .
my mountains are my family .
haha . not in a bad way .
had two kids with three dogs . haha .
oh wow . is that your biggest achievement ?
that must be hard . even my husband cries when we watch that .
what kind of work do you do to support your crazy lifestyle ?
that is very interesting . mind if i study you for a science experiment . its my job
wow . you live anywhere near the beatles ? they are my fav, if I could have celebrated birthdays, I would have loved to have a Beatles-themed party.
happy birthday ! my parents never celebrated birthdays . they were scientists and did not believe in it
what do you look like may i ask ?
i am quite well built and tall . probably because i do not eat pizza puffs
what do they look like ?
some say i look like a mad scientist version of him
yes , i am . i know how you feel .
i am so ready to go home , relax and watch tv
of course you can . we can jam and have a few cold ones .
instead of going to my house , we can go to the lake, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to teach high school music instead of 5th grade.
no one said that they were not welcome too
no . i do not .
i know that all too well . i am a 5th grade teacher
hi ! i am great , thanks . how are you ?
it is a beautiful day ! i am thinking about taking a drive in the country later .
i live in the suburbs now , but i love the countryside . what do you do for fun ?
teaching children must be so rewarding ! do you have kids ?
no kids either , but i love my younger siblings . i spend lots of time with them .
me too , but i like to take them to the movies or out to eat .
definitely ! what do you like to do for fun ? I wish I could go horseback riding in the mountains with my friends.
awesome ! i love horses . i also love yoga and hiking , what exercises do you enjoy ?
enjoying fall . i cannot wait for winter . its my favorite !
i lost use of my legs when i wrecked the car my friend bought me
its ok . i am adjusting pretty well
i have not done much today . how about you ?
the gym sounds fun . i go sometimes to work out my arms
that is the plan . so , do you like cooking ?
i love eating out ! but finding a good gluten free place can be hard. If I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to enjoy bread without any restrictions.
only if you share the same anatomy as myself !
i am not sure my partner would approve , we finally purchased our own house
yup in oregon ! are you of drinking age ? i create my own alcoholic beverages
i see . well i make my own coffee too , one habit for another .
i have to have my coffee . what is your favorite italian food ?
my favorite would have to be stuffed chicken marsala
olive garden makes it easy lol
wow that is a lot to digest .
no , i drive around my black car , its a lease .
no , like i said i do not work out .
do you like brunch ? its my favorite meal .
i do not sing , i am tone deaf, but if I could sing, I would join a choir.
i can hear , its just a way to say i am not a great singer .
no , but I recruits for a basketball team .
hello , i am just relaxing after yoga , you ?
who are you fixing dinner for ? do you have children ?
i have 2 children and i am married . what do you do for fun ?
i like to give my time by volunteering on the weekends .
at the red cross . I wish I could live on a farm like you, surrounded by nature.
i also teach high schoolers . are you in high school ?
i am from a big city , chicago .
i am well and you ? are you into politics ?
why are you sad ? i love politics , but i understand
oh that is pretty sad . are you into sports ?
oh there must be a stadium or field someplace i love sports, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in professional sports.
oh i have never been there , you live in new york ?
no doubt . i want to start a business there
yeah , but if my plan is good enough i will make it . my cousins did
what type of consultant is it ?
sorry my family works in dairy farming and we do not use drugs on our cows, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to enjoy vegetables and fruits.
that is too bad , are you helping them ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to play basketball , i am not great but i play
i do not think you would get to call a lot of baskets
i like to drive my car on long drives
where do you live , i will see how far it is
i am great . i am nasirah
actually , i am going to the observatory . always on the search for ufos ! you ?
i do . whats your book about ?
that is wonderful . i love to travel especially to professional eating challenges .
that is my favorite ! oh , ribs are the best . have to be careful though !
i have only won once . it was a lollipop licking competition . I wish I could travel to different planets and meet aliens.
do not tell anyone my secret to victory !
got all 5 kids in bed and i am ready to draw some cartoons
it is . i do freelance drawing when i am nit busy with the kids
haha ! i wish i could ! what do you do ?
that is cool ! you must be pretty smart .
wow . my 7 year old identical quintuplets are nowhere near as smart
you have great potential ! i do not let mine play soccer yet
well they are a little feral . so i keep them inside while i socialize
hi how are you doing ?
what is that ? a tv show ?
what is it about ? i have not heard of it .
are you from mexico or something ?
what is your favorite thing about it ?
i see . well at least you enjoy it .
lol . no thank you . i do not move .
If I could choose, I would help you move without hesitation.
i am ok , my oldest daughter is having a fit not getting what she wants
yeah , well being 25 and raising her , in our apartment is not easy. If I could have a pet, I would love to have a dog to play with my daughter.
no pets apartments are not allowed to have pets
she is 7 years of age
yeah pretty much but making it happen .
i am from pennsylvania
how do you like florida ?
i am doing well . just completed college ! and yourself ?
oh wow ! you have to be careful . i live in ny . i see it everywhere .
oh wow ! what do you do on your free time ? i go hiking a lot, but I wish I could explore the countryside more on weekends.
that is great of you . i want to teach , but it is stressful .
wow ! highest score for me was 240 .
yes you have ! frightening . always be aware of your surroundings .
its rewarding . i enjoy american literature a lot is why
grade school actually . i cannot imagine teaching high school students yet
i am up making clothes
i sew yes , what kind of hobbies do you have
playing the piano and going to music shows, but I wish I had more time to go to music shows with my bald head.
i am a student at asu
yes mostly i made some for others
no i am studying public relations
i understand i have to get up early for class
nice meeting you are you leaving
i have a job working locally at a party store .
that is cool . do you buy things for holidays there ?
i shop for christmas at the store because i love that holiday .
makes sense . what is your family like ?
my parents adopted me as a baby .
really ? at sixteen i was able to meet my birth mother. I wish I could spend more time with my birth mother to learn about my heritage.
it was ok . my parents are my real family . what else do you like to do ?
i love going to movies . what is coming out that you want to see ?
hi , i am kevin . i am in college .
i study software development . i like learning new things . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for music like you do.
do you work out ? i like working out .
what do you do in your everyday life ?
oh yea . i forgot you play . it is nice .
this sounds exciting ! my 11 year old neighbor plays cello .
i used to play french horn in high school .
i am good how are you ?
that is not good . i hope the appointment goes well
i have been a fisherman for many years now . and i hope everything is okay. If I had the chance, I would love to explore different fishing techniques around the world.
i am from cape hatteras
oh yes it is in the north part of north carolina .
really ? i love it . i also like to fish for tuna
i have to get this special kind of string.
exhausted still , been on the road for far too long
none yet , maybe some day . . . you ?
getting easier or tougher ?
well , former truck driver , like my dad , but now i just fix them
sorry to hear that . hope your kids are not too much to handle
that is sweet . what else do you do ?
reading strait puts me to sleep , can not do it lol
mac and cheese usually works on my nephews, if I had more free time, I would love to take her on vacations one day.
i am great thank you for asking .
i am a video game tester .
for about 5 years . i love playing retro games on my 386 .
i do not but i do have a cat named leroy jenkins .
my cat is very loveable , i wish i could own a dragon .
i would hope not ! ll
yes i do , do you ?
thankfully i have not , and i hope you were not affected either .
i am well how about you ?
what are we having for dinner ?
i really love barbeque food, if I could have any superpower, it would be to make food magically appear whenever I want.
do you guys do pizza puffs ?
do you have an imaginary friend ?
i do we hang out when no one is around
i am wonderful nice and sunny here , great day for hitting up thrift stores
i like going to authentic clothes so i can true them into my own style
not really takes some time but after a while pretty easy what is your line of work
sorry to hear , art teacher here . my kids love my collective dress code lol
single all around the board those i teach are my kids . If I could go back, I would have pursued a career in music instead of teaching.
cats , easy to care for when i am not home
that is wonderful , all pets need good homes make me sick how people are sometimes
hi ! nice to meet you yumi . that is an interesting name .
i like japanese cartoons and movies . like battle royale and the original grudge .
nice . could you give me a few tips on how to better take care of myself ?
that is wise . i try to stay active but I have no stamina .
right, that is how I feel about my freelancing . I do accountant work. I wish I could pursue my dream of opening a dog sanctuary instead of working as an accountant.
well just take it easy . there is no rush .
you have to take care of your mom . that is like an unwritten rule .
well, people do not fully appreciate how much doctors mean to our society.
hello how are you
i am from oregon . what about you ?
i like volunteering , and making my own clothes ! if only I could see the stars clearly at night.
what is your favorite video game ?
i have never heard of that one !
nope , i love all kinds of food ! do you have one ?
take out is great ! do you like movies ?
we can but i would not know much about it ! i am a reader, but if I could have any job, I'd love to be a famous author!
that is great ! i spent a lot of time at school . my mom was the librarian .
oh wow ! i am applying for some jobs in the publishing area . no luck so far .
no ! i had cats when i was younger . they broke my glasses , ha !
yes ! i do love reading . i have so many autographs from authors !
what is your favorite thing to bake ?
i bet . what sort of desserts ?
i am ok what about your self
cool so you like to stay in shape
yes i love keeping my self in shape
wow i am sorry to hear that
how old are you and i am really sorry, if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in nursing like you.
33 i just turned 33 in aug.
reading is my hobby , do you like reading ?
i am fine tonight . do you drive to work , i hate traffic, but if I could change one thing, it would be to live closer to work.
i love podcasts that can give me good recipes
it takes a long time for me to drive to my job , so i listen to it .
what channel do you watch ?
nah , tell me about some good songs so i can listen while i drive
i plug it into my audio socket on my cd player
i like to drive , but when it becomes routine it makes me sick
sure , but i do not have any animals .
i prefer superman . i was his biggest fan when i was younger .
i like to journal . all my exes have been cheaters except amanda
you and horror lol . i am too afraid of heights to do anything else scary, if I were not afraid of heights, I would love to try skydiving.
i am atheist . but i sometimes wonder
no , my fear of heights again . the twins do though .
16 now . the only set in our whole family .
have a great rest of your day
great ! what do you want to be one day ?
not much cheerleading there ! when i was your age , i was in tv commercials
from tv commercials ? i am in a weekly telenovela , an actor , first movie at 18
i act for a living . i am on tv weekly ! what do you blog about ?
if you want to interview me for your blog , since i am famous , let me know !
i am in texas actually ! if I could choose another career path, I would love to be a wildlife photographer capturing nature's beauty.
good for you ! i do not have any . . . yet ! any pets ?
and why are you sad ?
i am great ! i love halo 3
i do like new york city !
well , i enjoy singing in the shower, and if I could, I would love to have the confidence to sing in public like you do in the shower, and i also like mopeds
sometimes while playing halo 3 i have a hard time making eye contact .
i really do enjoy milkshakes too .
i do not work , i just play halo 3
sometimes , when i am bored , i ride my moped
hi i am john . really ? whats your secret ?
i do not get sick too often . i do not travel that much, but I wish I could visit the west coast of the United States one day.
interesting . do you have any hobbies ?
that was my uncles nickname ! he used to work as a fisherman .
that is impressive . my only claim to fame is i was once on the news .
nothing illegal i swear i was just in the background when they were shooting .
where do you live ? i would like to travel more.
oh wow , haha . right into it , eh ? i love my life goals . i feel good about them .
quite . i want to travel . mostly road trips right now with the kiddos, if only I could travel like you do, road trips sound like a dream with the kiddos.
oh no ! tell me more ?
oh , i am so sorry to hear about that . do you have any hobbies to uplift you ?
but pursuing things that make you happy is never a waste of time .
when you do not have much , you should revel in what you have .
good . i am glad to hear it . what kind of job are you looking for ?
i am well . about to make some lunch . you ?
i am probably going to reheat some left overs . any hobbies ? work ?
yeah i do alright . i do have the gift of gab
i can spit some game . talk quick . recollect memories
i am a fruity man, but I wish I could eat meat like everyone else.
no in terms of my favorite food . apples . do you really work as an accountant
i have tried to break out into that line of work . keeping balances . bank reconciliations .
hello . is there one that likes to skateboard ?
cool . i would love to be fast .
that is talented . you must have a lot of practice .
i do too . i like warm weather , but if I could have any superpower, it would be to control the weather.
neither do i . i like board shorts and a nice pair of shades .
i like to practice stunts . i do extreme sports .
i like to ramp and grind . i am working on an air flip currently .
pretty good and yourself ? i am about to play halo 3 wanna join me ?
ok , i have a hard time maintaining eye contact .
i take cold showers in the morning and like it
i shop pretty much at bargain deals .
no not really . i take my moped around town
i work as a retail sales manager which i get by with .
wow ! ! that is awesome .
hi there , i am doing great . how are you ?
yes , i started this new thing , working online .
not as much as attending a festival ! how about you ?
nope . my friends call me her royal singleton
its because i am allergic to commitment lol ! what do you do ?
i am a coach you see, but I wish I could travel the world following The Story So Far on tour.
basketball and cross country really
i do , do you also
haha , no , unfortunately i do not . looking to get some ?
all you need is a little magic . i am wiccan actually .
i do not , but you would have to actually be here for them to be performed .
that is awesome . my parents are science deniers but do not belive in wicca
it is but i spend most of my time away from home at the animal shelter
she may understand , but she may just believe you are perfect how you are .
i am , two years in .
dating , too young for marriage right now .
that is sad . i moved to vermont so i do not see my parents often
wow ! over achiever ! i only know 2 languages
cool ! i am working in environmental activism
you do not need an education . i am going to visit the 13th national park today
what are your hobbies ? i mountain bike and hike !
cool ! have you ever visited vermont ?
so how did you learn so many languages ?
i am good . my 18 year old is causing me some issues though .
he turning into a republican . he does not like all the petitions i sign for animal rights. I wish my son shared my passion for animal rights activism.
not sure . i totally love them though so i hope he learns to accept it .
i love to learn new vegan recopies and cook for friends !
scooby treats ! what are your hobbies ?
no my animal friends i hope !
hi ! i do enjoy the beatles , but i am more a fan of rush
i am an only child . i do have two kids ! do you have any children ?
i wish i could be a nurse . i do not enjoy blood though
i live in an apartments . currently i am looking for a job
that sounds nice . i speak three languages with my neighbors
it was quiet difficult for me . i could teach you sometime !
i am good . getting ready to work in the casino, but if I had pursued my passion for art, maybe my life would have taken a different turn.
i just deal blackjack . so seeing people lose is common
i guess i will win when i become manager at this casino
yea around spring . my three kids is making me broke
3 . i got a statistic degree so i know i can be a manager
maybe you could babysit them . they are driving me crazy
ok . i going to school in the spring for casino manager
hello . i am denmark moises and i am 98
i have 17 toes . lol lol
oh that is really good, but I wish I could take back a mistake and start fresh.
oh that is a great shoe
go for it ! that sounds fun
oh that is a yummy job
yes yes , it is nice and muggy
gross here . ok ok ok
pretty hectic when the little one wants constant attention .
yeah i have become an old soul and passionate about a lot things
i wish people could hear me out instead of shutting me out
no i have not , even if i do it still looked down upon .
i have confidence but people just do not care to hear me out
oh and i also have these chronically bad back pains
i do but it is not working as well any more and need something else .
i have to short ones because of my back it can give out any time
you have a cat named leroy , how did you come up with that ?
lol . ok i was not familiar , what is a 386 ? is it older than an atari ?
oh wow i guess i work too much to play games , over 60 hours a week, I wish I had more time to explore the world of retro gaming like you do.
what do you do for a living ? you work in a print shop ?
yeah that must get annoying . i work in a restaurant .
very busy but when i get a day off i cut loose .
yeah but sometimes i get a little crazy .
i am ruby . dogs are my favorite , i have 8 of them .
we have 2 german shepherds
a rottweiler , 3 labs and and 2 mixes , what do you have halloween is fun
we rescue them . some have special needs or are not adoptable because they can bite
i play field hockey and soccer , so sometimes one comes with me not the biter
i am only 15 so i cannot drive . if i could i would take them there
that is nice . i am about an hour away so i cannot do that
hi
i am good . finally get to meet my kids this weekend
they all live in other cities .
i am so sorry for your loss
do you like listening to religious music, I wish I could have taken up ballet like you to cope with my stress
i do not remember the last time i went to movie theater
vegans never swim . its bad for the animals, if I weren't vegan, I would love to swim in the ocean with dolphins.
yes i do not eat or support anything that is harmful to animals
oh i still eat bbq . . . i am only human
well i am thankful for people like you grandpa
that is cool ? well it has been a pleasure talking with you
okay . bye for now then
you do the same now ya hear ?
i am well . how about you ? any big plans for the weekend ?
that might be nice . i enjoy traveling so may do something
i moved to the u . s . from russia to go to business school . i love sweets too ! ! !
i wish i did . any hobbies since your unsociable ? i like skiing .
i too like videogames . i love rock and roll so i go to lots of concerts .
part time doing odds and ends . are you married ?
i am an animal activist . do you have any animals ?
likewise , i am sure . you like football ?
no doubt about it . packers .
crimson tide ? great movie , by the way who are they ?
not really . my grandpa once met vince lombardi .
but I wish I could grow a beard like you. I mainly like to play . football , that is . and take bike rides .
my chihuahua runs along with me when i ride . great for keeping the pounds off .
that is it . small apartment . i have got years left .
it works great . any hobbies ? besides tv ?
hello , i don but i love it too
yes i love the beach been there a week ago
ok , i love coffee and work at coffee shop
my favorite show dancing with the star what your
i have three cats and a job
thanks , i do care giver take care of peoples
yes i love walking and fishing
I wish I could join a Broadway show as a singer.
susan . nice to meet you . what do you do ?
i work for a company that makes contact lens solution, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field like music production.
i live on the west coast . you ?
what kind of music do you like . i prefer rock .
right on . got a favorite band ?
i enjoy the beatles and steve miller band .
are you playing the lottery tomorrow night ?
haha , no time . i have got a novel to finish. If I had more time, I would have pursued a different career path entirely.
no , but i would like to get a fish or something calming .
how cute . since i quit being a translator , i spend most of my time writing .
i am writing a fantasy novel . i do not make much but i am really passionate about it .
yeah , there is gonna be a wedding scene too .
i will and i hope yours is too .
i am well trying to get my dog to come here but I umm can't whistle lol, I wish I could whistle to call my dogs.
a terrier 4 of them
it totally is fun , do you like magic card games ?
i have 4 of them little dogs lol , me and friends play in my apartment
we play and i make sure we have jello shots , jello my fav
i live in nyc how about you ?
nice , what do you do for a living ?
hello to you too ! i am well thank you
gee . . . i hate it when such a thing happens to me too what was the reason ?
wait a second . if you refused to be on it how did they kick you off ?
lol . . . i have to admit that this is quite hilarious
living in the city and dealing with buses is awful
me too . i prefer the simplicity of country life though. If I hadn't rescued a baby on the highway, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement.
not at all ! my father owns a dairy farm and everyday is an adventure here.
well sure enough i would prefer playing badminton than work , but it is not so bad.
i could always use more friends !
i do not but i like to sell stuff on Facebook
clothes , shoes , and things like that
well i hate to clean the house
oh i hear ya . i do love pizza though
agreed . my husband who is a pastor likes mushrooms, but if I could change one thing about my husband, it would be his dislike for mushrooms.
haha . i am on your team with this one .
so much yes ! lol ! but i like cheesy bread sticks.
hi , its going well and you ?
what are you doing today ?
i am getting my hair done from brunette to blond
no , just a new look , being an only child i always loved to experiment .
that a good thing . my other go to is travelling . i love travelling to other countries .
yes i have . i have an aunt that lives in toronto .
it is , but i wish she would visit me more , she says i have to many cats .
i think 3 is enough . . . but they are adorable .
is it starbucks coffee because man i love that place
i do not know him , but my cats name is pickles
i am sorry to hear that . do you like swimming, I wish I could swim competitively again.
i swim in college . kesha is pretty cool . she was not at woodstock though
i live in the us , my parents met each other at woodstock here
do you like starbucks coffee ?
they have great pudding at starbucks . you should venture out and see
no i do not . i just named my cat pickles because i like the name
just sitting here with my dogs , best friends a girl could have .
they tore my poster of neil tyson degrasse that was on my wall
they may , like my favorite magicians . penn and teller . I wish I could perform magic like Penn and Teller.
astronomical ! i wanted to be an astronaut for most of my life .
i would come visit . only if you make lasagna . i am like garfield .
that would be nice . i think that is a good idea .
i am okay . just finished work ! those long hospital hours really such the life outta me
good for you . are you also in healthcare by any chance ?
that sounds like fun ! do you handcraft rings or jewelry ?
whats the name of your shop ? i would like to stop by some time
doblons . ok just jotted it down . i do not have many hobbies . i stay politically active, but I wish I had more time for my hobbies like working on my Toyota truck.
do you vote though ? its important to vote !
jumpy . need to keep away from matches . also , all my knives .
got a problem with fire . they are gonna get me for starting those fires, if I hadn't started that forest fire, my life would be so different.
i like languages . i know six , besides english .
red , ha ha . but seriously , do you know the sesame street song ?
as the first kid to test for sesame street , now i am really old .
it started my career doing voices . i can do all the presidents .
that is nice , me too , not white .
people think i am a great dancer
wow , that is good to know , when i dance people focus on my hair
my beautiful blond hair circles me around when i dance
you want to retire ? i also like to work with animals you interested ?
yes , it is very beautiful , you should come see me .
that is my dream , but not going to wait for retirement to do that.
would love to . where do you work ?
for the last 4 yrs , i have worked at a movie theater .
i love to run at night , but my long hair gets in the way. I wish I could grow my hair even longer and donate it to charity.
ll , never heard of them .
what kind of food do you like ? me spicy .
i like photography and have been saving to get a new camera .
thanks so much . do you have any trivia facts ?
oh ok . off the subject , i am thinking of cutting my hair . its always been long .
awful . it is raining and i want to surf ! how are you ?
no worries . i live on the beach . fishing is great ! want to know why ?
because you are out on the water and have an opportunity to see the sunset !
that is good ! If I could change one thing about myself, I would have blonde hair instead of brown.
my gut tells me to go with a viking . am i correct ?
absolutely ! looks like we both make use of the ocean .
sure is . i love surfing and sunsets . the ocean is a great place for both !
cool , what do you like to do ?
how was that ? i personally grew up in the forest
that would be a nice job since i am always thinking about food anyways
i am hopelessly addicted to shopping . it is so much fun, but I wish I could join a cooking class to learn more about food.
you are getting a bit close , i am not a fan of that
sorry , a lot has happened in my life
i do not , i like being alone . it is comforting
nice to meet you ! i am a nurse .
very cool ! it is a good job . i work short hours which i love !
i do but i mostly just watch politics . gotta know who to vote for, but if I had more free time, I would spend it traveling the world.
i could not vote because i was fixing up my toyota.
who knows . i just need low taxes so i can save up for a new truck !
probably just drive it to work at the hospital !
no i do not but that is ok !
same here ! maybe even single for life !
hello ! i am sarah . i am doing well . glad it is saturday . you ?
i bet ! i live outside of the city and teach near oakville , ny, but I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cultures.
it is nice . i can enjoy the lake and a few books every weekend .
what else do you like to do ? golf or tennis by chance , like me ?
anything outside is enjoyable . what do you do for work ?
i actually am a teacher , 5th grade
i like it . i am glad i have hobbies to distract myself during the weekend , though
i agree completely . i hope my students learn that
hi my name is rob and in the winter i like to ski .
dogs . i was kidding about my name . it is actually mary . haha
i am . i live in colorado . how about you ?
do you like music ? i do . for bands , one direction is my favorite .
how is the weather ? it is very cold usually but spring is beautiful .
in the summer , i have a love and passion for hiking . do you hike ?
i go out just enough to get some vitamin d and exercise . that is it !
i agree . i also like to eat just enough fruit and vegetables and lots of protein .
good ! i was wondering if you are married ?
i sure am . it has been five whole years , today, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in politics instead of football.
thank you , you are so sweet . do you exercise ?
oh that sounds super neat , what kind of things do you make ?
wow it sounds like you do a lot of different things , very cool
i run a couple miles everyday to stay fit while listening to politics
yep , it is a pretty okay lifestyle but i do get bored sometimes
that is ok , how are you this evening ?
i am doing ok , i have a dog too . his name is percy
i think so . he is a very nice dog .
you are from tokyo ? that is so interesting
what brings you to america ?
do you like movies then ?
yea , i like them but i prefer books personally . especially about trains.
i am well . thank you . on my way to a concert .
indie , hip hop , oldies , etc . very open . you ?
i enjoy country as well . do you go to school ?
oh , that is amazing ! i miss all the fresh vegetables .
have you ever wondered if you could change your eye color ?
well said . i have brown eyes . but wish they are blue .
i like to visit museums on my bike to look at art on weekends, but I wish I could ride a Harley to the art museums instead of my bike.
i get material for my short stories from the customers in the bookstore where i work .
i write stories for children . maybe football would be a good subject .
i hope my stories will be published . tons of mint tea helps my creativity
herb tea helps anxiety also .
yes you should . my big addiction is tea though .
i do too . i try not to spill it on used books at work though
i also spend my break time drinking tea and writing stories.
i am okay i just got back from work
oh no i do not care much about that
i do too what do you do for living
what do you do there
wow i am airplane mechanic
wow were they working at circus
so it is a family thing
great ! i am thinking in german right now .
i do not work . i tell jokes .
what did the fisherman say to the card magician ?
pick a cod , any cod !
i love bad jokes . ha ! might have gotten it from my red head parents .
nope . not for me . i wish i was born a tiger but that was not to be .
i am too tall for ballet . at 6 feet , the guys cannot pick me up .
hi how is your weekend going ?
that is tough do you have something to take your mind off it ?
do you have any pets ? i have a dog .
i am thinking of starting up a pet sitting service . i need some money, if I could, I would adopt a few more dogs.
yep , what do you do for work , just a housewife ?
i see . you got married quite young then .
not married i live at home with 2 siblings .
i agree , but not always having to live with them is good ,
i am great ! guess what !
today , i found out how to cure the cold !
no . it will be used to help me take over the world . join me .
to give red heads like me more power .
I wish I could use my cure for good instead of taking over the world. tell me about yourself . you might be a good fit .
oh , experiments might be helpful taking over the world . i sing in the shower . is that okay ?
good . we shall work great together .
why not ? i will call you lollipop . i am called bubblegum .
reading books is my favourite pastime, but if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at a literacy program for children.
i have a job in the e . r . department at a hospital
i have a career as a doctor assistant
for a beverage i prefer dr pepper
my passion is reading novels
nursing is what i do for a career
i like consuming dr pepper
i am great , just left the gym .
i love everything italian , i had pasta tonight
nope to both . are you ?
wow that is a lot going on in that house lol
oh i love reading , racquetball crime and trivia tv shows
i work for a pharmaceutical company
its quite boring but getting people the medicine they need is quite rewarding
and you are protecting and saving lives too
i am great . i am transgender
i would rather have that
i am sorry . i am 20
yes ! pizza is the best !
well that is good . usually nurses smoke alot . stress
very good . i love blue . and the usa
yes ! it is the best . i love camels
how's it going ?
doing well . are you at work ?
right on . what kind of work are you looking for ?
would that include like creating logos and stuff for companies ?
gotcha
i am a postal worker .
florida . what about you ?
nice . if I had more free time, I would love to collaborate on a painting project with you.
i was thinking i might go explore the big city i now live in , you ?
san francisco . i just graduated from college and moved here, but I wish I could travel the world and write about my adventures.
i am hoping to get a job teaching elementary school kids here
you are ? ? what was your major ? mine was american literature and education
well , what do you enjoy on the weekends ? i love to hike
i am short too ! we should hang out sometimes
i am 27 , how old are you ?
hello i am 28 how old are you
cool ! my eyes are blue . do you like to read ?
same ! i love poetry and fantasy . my moms a librarian i help her sort out books
that is cute ! what do you want to be when you grow up ?
i want to be a journalist some day, but if I could play any sport, I would choose soccer as my favorite.
i forgot to ask what colour eyes you have ?
oh that is great ! do you like sports ?
no i do not play any . what lunch does she make ?
lets get to know one another , i am good . you ?
alot really , i enjoy going out to eat with family , going to the movies, but if I could, I would love to travel the world and explore different cultures.
i also enjoy reading books but they must be part of a series .
driving through the country and just chatting it up with friends .
cool ! enough about me , what else do you like to do for fun ?
i do too but i have not been to many zoos
never been there . would love to go sometime though
where are your friends ? i have to go work on an electrical unit .
that is cool . my dad worked doing dry wall but i chose to go into electrical .
my mom is a nurse and she is good at what she does . cool .
meetings for what ? i go to school and study history .
sounds exciting . i play a lot of softball in my free time . you ?
nice . i bet that just lets all the worry disappear for awhile .
i wish i could do that .
i am doing well ! i just got back from surfing. I wish I could surf like a pro.
ah ! what else do you like to do ?
very fun , my mom , a school teacher , also has a lab.
i love country music , how about you ?
devil went down to georgia is one of his more well-known songs is it not ?
oh that is unfortunate . does he like clowns ?
yeah , i use to work as a clown for the circus at one point.
good how are you ?
what are your hobbies ?
i really like to draw
i live on the west coast what about you ?
the weather there is so nice
i wish i was somewhere warmer it rains a lot where i live
oh wow
i am just hanging out talking to many people at once . you ?
i go to school . tease my cats . eat pizza . what about you ?
i am addicted to this place down the street . its super fire pizza
sometimes . usually non fiction sometimes some sci fi
what is your favorite thing to read ? genre ?
like 50 shades of gray type of fantasy ?
haha . just wondering . so like game of thrones ? I wish I could travel back in time and experience the Renaissance era.
not me . i drive a toyota electric that starts with p !
i use it mostly to commute to my job as an attorney, but I wish I could go on a camping trip with my wife and kids.
yes . for 4 years . we just finished paying off our mortgage last week !
i love to cook . anything and everything . except tofu that is . you ?
haha ! just do not let her hear you say that !
oh that sounds like fun . the selling your goods part , not being whipped . ;
i am well how are you ?
cool what are you reading
nice i have only ever read the dark tower by stephen king . seen it yet ?
yeah i will see it eventually . where are you from ?
i am from mississippi . just moved back here from austin texas
yeah it was pretty cool got to go to shows . very pretty place to live, but I wish I could drive my yellow convertible in the rain while listening to some soothing music.
yeah i just quit my job i am feel pretty groovy
eh kind of i do odd jobs here and there . i trade forex too
i am doing alright and you
yes i do i love football
that is cool i love the steelers and seahawks
that is cool i bet you love it
what are you taking in fl, if I could, I would love to train my dogs to be therapy animals.
that is cool i want to do something with medical
hey there , i am good , bout to go golfing
its pretty relaxing , takes the stress off from work
i wish i had that time , i am a lawyer , even when i am off , i am not
for work ? or just for fun
oh that is cool , do you get to travel any ?
my three children do not really like the outdoors much , they like princesses
i have a hard time watching baseball , its very long
i am good . just a little jet lagged . you ?
europe trip with my mom . she is kind of famous . blessed .
is it beautiful have never been
think i would . how are the people ?
really ? that is cool . wish that were true !
used to . the key is to have a home for important stuff .
loosing your mind too ? that is good sometimes .
a band called incubus . love .
hey there how are you ? i like nikes only .
i am well feeling way better today , you ?
like books ? i love jane austen. I wish I could visit a bookstore to find new Jane Austen novels.
what type of shopping you going too ?
i would be scared reading his novels on my boat lol
where at ? i need to go shopping also soon .
i live near large bodies of water , it can get scary but good for catch
great , read any good books lately ?
i read middlesex and its become my fav . i play racketball at the gym constantly .
texas no floods here mostly watching fav shows on tv, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
i like jeopardy , forensic files , and csi mostly . what part of ny ?
whats your fav music ? i like all of it . . . well , not country and jazz .
ll and what is your fav thing to eat ? i like everything italian .
that works . so how old are you ?
i just celebrated the 24th anniversary of my 29th birthday .
i am excited to get to know you , so tell me a bit about yourself !
that would be nice ! i wish someone would clean my contacts . . . my eyes are a bit dry .
you sound rich . . . do you think she was after your money ?
lol . . . i was just joking . what kind of foods do you like ?
i like any kind of cake but carrot . . . yuck !
i thought extra money , the cake were both lies ! ? ; p
if you would send me some , i could afford to have my brown hair dyed !
no i was working on the new fixer upper
i am ! its a lot of work but its fun .
beautiful state . i went on an archery trip out there last year .
property is high there but should not be an issue with your bb salary .
the girls and I will have a challenge buying a housewarming gift ! If I could, I would love to take my daughters on a shopping spree in Paris.
daughters are great love to shop ! i just shoot for fun no actual hunting .
one like robin hood ! my favorite to dress as for halloween .
i am doing well thanks and you ?
where do you work at ?
have you told her about it ?
well you do not want to sulk and wonder what if all your life
then pretend she is an rpg quest
well what does she like about your friend ?
if I had pursued my passion for writing, things might have turned out differently.
well give yourself a shot and muster up some courage
i am great , how about you ?
oh fun , where are you going ?
are you flying ? i work on planes for a living .
i agree . flying is more fun . i need to be moving at all times .
i am really into junk cars so i travel a lot to find those .
no i just really like a good deal .
if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music production instead.
hi ! you beat me i have only 3 !
you must love your husband too . mine and i were highschool sweethearts .
do you work ? how do you manage with 5 kids as a single parent ?
do you have time for hobbies ? what crafts do you do ?
the kids must love that ! i wish i could do and eat more healthy stuff .
unfortunately , i am kinda addicted to soda .
i justlove hte taste of soda and unhealthy food so much hard to break the habit
i do but i have not tried it too many times
just three and over the course of many years
cool do you compete with it
cool what music do you like
i was really into prince
yeah those songs are so great
i am trying to find a new artist that i like there are so many, If I could speak a third language, it would be French.
i am fine , how are you ?
i am a grad student , so i have been studying
i study biology and i work as a barista as a coffee shop to pay for school
i wish i liked coffee , i need it before class
sometimes you just need that spike in the morning
i like to read , specifically true crime books
that sounds like a waste of collecting , if they eat each other
good afternoon . i am doing well how are you
nice to met you . what do you do for a living
i am in college now i am a science major, but I wish I could pursue my passion for acting instead of studying science.
i want to be a biochemist
that is a cool career . have you ever taken acting classes
i just started so a few years . do you have a favorite color
i love red more of a light red tho .
me too , especially with four daughters
yes they do we usually go fishing in the sun
no , why would you like me ?
no , I'd rather spend my time racing cars, but if I didn't have responsibilities, I would travel the world.
well i have been an athlete for years , you will find someone
no i have children to take care of are you going to do that ?
you can not force me to do anything
well your personality is poor
hi how are you doing ?
what is the problem huh ?
i do not like people either, but I wish I could join a music band with my friends.
i like attack on titan , u ?
have you seen the new dragon ball ?
what kind of store is it ?
youre not finished with the chat
hi . the guitar is cool , but i personally prefer playing piano , but i wish I could grow my own flowers in my garden.
that is nice . what else has been going on ?
hm . i do not know much about that . i am more into making clothes than food .
i am sorry to hear that . its a good skill to learn .
ll . where are you from by the way ?
new york . . . its kind of nice because i run into celebrities on occasion
oh yes , its very busy
great ! working hard studying . in graduate school .
i am going to be a doctor . my parents have been supportive paying my rent ! If I had the chance to start over, I would consider pursuing a career in art.
what hobbies do you have ?
nice ! i like shopping , hanging with my precious dog , and eating sushi .
sure ! i like learning new things !
i would love to . i do not eat meat but try to make up for it with sushi .
not bad , since i just got off work . it was busy !
working at the golden arches for the time being, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a bookstore surrounded by books all day!
are you kidding ? of course not .
what is it called ? i will check it out , holmes .
cool ! did you study that in school ?
where did you go to school ?
cool ! i like the bay area . you live there now ?
i live in seattle . people say it is kind of similar .
i am good how are u i am liz
it is short for elizabeth
yes i have a husband what about you
oh damn i am sorry to hear that
this cool what do you do for fun
oh ok that is cool i like to play sports but I wish I had tried alcohol at least once in my life.
good ! just got back from visiting a local art museum ! you ?
yeah now i have to study , which stinks .
true i want to teach kindergarten when done with this education program . you ?
that must be fun ! what types of clothes ?
nice do you cook for them ?
i love pizza but am vegan so there is limited I can have
yes always hoped to be a teacher for young kids.
hi how are you today ?
oh well confidence is very good
that does sound nice do you eat ?
do you like junk food then ?
nice i only eat junk food, but I wish I could attend a Kpop concert someday.
what is the point huh ?
doritos are very good yeah
yeah i think cool ranch is the best
i am ok . thanks for asking . i am sitting on the cabin by the lake .
it is . i swim in the same lake , it is quiet . very nice .
it is . it is a good place to paddle board . what are your hobbies ?
would love home cooked food . i eat gas station food a lot .
i have eaten in every state except for alaska . i want seafood from there .
that is cool . i like to take rides in semis. If I had a family, I would love to take them on road trips in a semi-truck.
my sympathies . i do not have any family . i was adopted .
great ! just got off work and relaxing before i study
the library on campus , it is part-time but really peaceful and easy
i live at home , next year i want to move on campus though, if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in culinary arts instead of science.
i do , i make this one dish with pork marinated in Catalina dressing , it's good
i do not cook a lot . this semester i have 3 different science classes
chemistry , but have a minor in biology
ideally i want to work for an energy company working on new energy and fuel sources
it is difficult but i do enjoy it , just takes a lot of studying
i am doing great . how are you ?
i am not too great with technology . i am more into basketball. If I had the chance, I would love to play basketball professionally.
that is cool . do you listen to rock music ?
i do not know anything about the stock market .
are you good at it ?
it does not sound like easy money to me .
i have wanted to learn how to do that . working at mcdonalds sucks .
sounds like fun . do you make good money ?
i am not very sure , i just arrived from canada, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a warmer climate like California.
well defiantly not weather lol . i love being outside playing soccer
ontario . my brother just started working at bestbuy here in the states . so i came with him .
yea kinda , i am very limited on my options because i have two cats , milo an rio .
that is creepy . do you like video games ? i love them .
well that is awesome . nice chatting with you ! bye
what do you think of my two cats names ? milo an fio
hello , how are you ? i am well now that i am not a slave. If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to pursue a career in music.
i was housed as a slave for 10 years. i am now a carpenter.
what do you do for a living ?
hoping you find it soon. i escaped and ten years later i am now married.
thank you. what is your favorite color ? mine is red.
do you have any hobbies?
i am great ! how are you ?
oh that is great , for whom ?
i just had a party for my nephew , it was zoo themed .
he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3
haha i do not know about that but he loves bingle as much as i do, I wish I could bring my dog to the beach more often.
well maybe , but i think my seminar professor would disagree
she is a political economist with dim views of socialist autocracy
good , thanks . how about you ?
i spend time with my dog , and i like drawing .
cool . i am not great at sports , but that is okay .
oh nice . i came here from japan 10 years ago to teach school, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of teaching.
oh boy ! well , i am 35 and single !
oh i hope you do . i am sure you will !
do you like dogs ? i have a dog name wonton.
i am like 15 and doing science and stuff in hs .
from florida school is not important here
that also sounds sad . we are so sad .
i have many family dogs and they are also sad, I wish I could have a cat instead of dogs, they seem less sad.
but maybe it is for the best what if the dog bit people ?
i do not think that you would , paul .
with your checkered past i doubt the blanket is in the cards , mike .
what makes you say that david ?
no i do not lol . . explain ?
horseback riding . . camping ! our family goes nearly every month, but I wish I could go horseback riding more often like I used to before my kids were born.
that is okay i can respect that haha
i feel like i am too . but my two sons keep me very busy
oh that is a great job !
honestly i am not too into that ! i prefer listening to my fave justin bieber
yeah they are a handful but so much fun to watch grow.
i am not really into traveling , unless its to conventions, but I wish I could attend a museum curator convention one day.
i really like live action role playing conventions lamp
i am not the typical lamp person though . not many tall , curvy , blondes !
sorry for being rude . i did not ask you if you liked to travel ! ?
you are flattering me with the coffee talk !
do not laugh . . . . but i love the band icp
i like the beastie boys too !
that sounds great . so , you live in nyc ? how old are you ?
hey , my day is going ok . what have you done so far ?
i doubt that , i would rather watch tv, but i wish I could play in a band with you.
i mean if it was a ham and cheese sandwich than , yeah .
by i go by the name arnold . how is that dislikable .
well i am only 10 years of age so i am not allowed to have friends .
ok sounds about right .
thanks for the reminder . i always forget .
i thought you were my parent . . . . . . . . . .
hi there , i am bob .
i am a dancer , what do you do ? I wish I could dance on Broadway one day.
do you love pizza as much as i do ?
burritos are my favorite too
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i did , do you have any pets ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
that sounds like a lot of work.
not so good . my medical bills are too much . how are you ? probably better .
i have been around hospitals and doctors too much lately
i only had 1 fender bender and broke out 4 teeth . now i have trouble chewing
but now i can slowly get back in shape again .
one day i will be able to run real fast like i could when i was younger .
me too but now i am more familiar with hospitals and doctors than sports
i have trouble eating and chewing food but this cheeseburger smells good .
if i was a nurse i could pay all of these ridiculous medical bills .
cookies ! my mom is the best baker in the family .
i love to watch old movies !
yeah i am divorced and i have two kids so very busy as well ! If I had more free time, I would love to travel the world with my kids.
i like to listen to rock while i study for medical school .
not right now , i am a student . how about you ?
i see ! must make a lot of money for yourself !
i need a car that can fit both my kids unfortunately .
i am pretty tired . i went on a long hike today . how about you ?
that sounds so nice . what are your favorite camping spot ?
do you play any sports ?
hah , that sounds fun . i play volleyball myself , i have played for years .
what ages did you coach for ?
cool . what are your plans for tomorrow ?
oh wow , horseback riding . how long have you been doing that ?
so sweet . I wish I could try doing my nails with different designs, but I always end up with a plain color.
i am good . tired from school today . how are you ?
yes i noticed . rainy days suck . it messes up my long blonde hair too .
that would be nice if i did not have to get up early to go to high school .
so do you have any hobbies like mine is skateboarding . i am not a tomboy though .
nice ! you must be really smart and educated too .
must be plus for employment . i work at a pizza shop glad because i love pizza
i like the 70s show . i know its old .
its really delicious is not it ! i like all kinds of pizza .
hi it was good just watched some spanish television . how was yours
the latin channel . my aunt is going to his concert for her birthday
what is your favorite candy ? i can never decide
i am so bored with my life . i wish i was in another country
do you take any foreign languages ?
i wish i could learn one . i love learning about different countries
i might see if there are any around me . sleep is good to do
i understand that . i am on my computer so much i rarely sleep
i am great . what about you new friend ?
how awesome . i bet the pizza there is amazing .
do you live in london or are you visiting there ?
I wish I could have been a musician instead of a bookworm, but I do enjoy suspense books.
i love charles dickens and old school goosebumps
you should appreciate your parents they may pass
do not look for friends . go outside and let them find you .
i am just trying to blind you with science friend relax .
do you like chicken and rice ? it is my favorite .
eww my cat george likes those .
yes but i go to the gym often so my cat has to stay home , I wish I could have a dog as well, but George is enough for me right now.
george loves when i read autobiographies to him before we go to sleep .
wow that sounds like a lot of fun .
we live in the south how about you ?
we are in north carolina .
i previously lived near fort stewart .
yes i do . i love finding new recipes to use
social media is great for finding new recipes and sharing your cooked creations
you must be very talented . you should cook for me . where do you live ?
was it masterchef ? i knew someone on that show . i am in texas .
it is . but i am in the city . austin to be exact
that is great . do you use facebook or pinterest ?
i hope you post your cooking on there, but I wish I could travel around the world tasting different cuisines.
i post on facebook when i make a new dish.
cool . i work on crafts and draw in my spare time . whats your favorite movie ? If I could, I would love to visit England and see the Queen.
haha okay . i listen to British music because i enjoy all types of music
okay that is cool . did i mention i enjoy crafts ? and drawing ?
i draw movie scenes because i enjoy watching movies
anything with good music because i love all kinds of music
i smoke pot from time to time
haha where are you from ?
hi there , vegan here
i love cheese tacos too
no i am to busy with my literature studies
i came here from france, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel to exotic places like the Amazon rainforest.
exotic is always a good thing
what is your favorite fruit ?
i like oranges the best .
i really like waffles too
hi i am look for some people to workout with every day . are you interested ?
nice but skydiving is hard to watch . my favorite sport to watch is basketball, but I wish I could play basketball professionally.
person i am super rich and do not work , i even own a ferrari from my favorite company dude .
watching sports on t . v . is something i like . and throwing money at bums
hmm i think i will go count my money right now you are boring me .
one thousand and one
one million !
i am good how are you
oh wow that is interesting why do you only like fish ?
ah ok do you have a car
oh wow i just got a new toyota
that is cool do you like superheros
oh wow you are just like a fish
I wish I had superpowers like Fishman.
nope sorry . i am a jazz musician, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in dermatology.
i have a biology degree that i never used . haha .
sounds good ! did you do anything interesting today ?
i played bingo with my husband . i can relate . i have nasty in laws too !
i would not worry about it . as long as you are happy with your life and yourself
you have a dog ? i have 3 . . . . . and a parrot !
i am not a big fan of reptiles . my son owns a snake .
i am a full-time student at a very small community college, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue writing fiction novels.
i also work in a hospital
i am only 20 years old
i enjoy reading fiction books
its very warm outside today
its a beautiful night love the air
its quiet out tonight very nice
my dog will not stop barking
hi ! hows it going ?
i am a little tired haha . thursdays are a busy day for me and the kids, if only I could see all the beautiful colors in the world like everyone else.
i have two . they are both in soccer so it gets a little hectic
yeah especially since i am currently looking for a job . its tricky to manage interviews and kids schedules
clean up from all the water ? what happened ?
oh gosh . sending my prayers . is your home okay ?
that is good . i hope your downstairs neighbors are doing alright
hello ! i am doing well . i moved here last year from france, but I wish I could go back to France more often to visit my friends and family.
you must have read many , many books !
can you recommend me some good kids books ? i am 9 .
i will write that down . is that an american book ?
good ! i am trying to learn all i can about american culture , to fit in .
i will check it out , too . do you have a family ?
how about siblings , parents ? i have a baby brother .
that is sad . . . i cannot imagine being without my mom and dad .
hey my name is megan
no , i did not that is nice ! is that what you like to do ?
oh , that is cool , well i work in marketing and it is wonderful !
your funny i hope to find a husband that is funny like you
that is different , i never had hotdogs because i never had siblings
i love jazz , i listen to it while i do my hair and make up, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a jazz club instead of marketing.
yes , it takes up all of my time in the mornings
i am not really a morning person , but hopefully my future husband will change that
hello , i am okay . i am sorry to hear about your love life .
yes , but if I could, I would spend more time with my siblings rather than working so much.
i am a computer programmer , it is cliche but i have a lot of insecurity in relationships .
sounds like a lot of work . how many hours a week ?
that is a lot ! i feel like i work too much , do you ?
that is too bad . how old is she ?
she sounds adorable . do you have a car ?
sounds like fun to drive . are you married ?
good and you ? i am 29 and live in the suburb of boston .
that is great . i am a night owl and will probably be sleeping when you run .
okay . i like listening to pearl jam , and i enjoy hiking and bicycling .
a couple , but i try to travel around the world .
i can imagine , i hope one day you do not need meds because you are better . If only my eyesight was perfect, I would love to go scuba diving in the Great Barrier Reef.
they have laser techniques that may help .
i am fine just ignoring my friend
he wants me to go celebrate our geology final at a bar
i never touched alcohol i would lose my scholarship
i have anxiety attacks in cramp situations
its why i watch my own college football games on television versus live, but I wish I could overcome my social anxiety and enjoy live football games at the stadium.
we met in high school and now go to alabama state together next week makes 7 years
well we both want to have our degrees before we tie the knot
my girlfriend has been with me for s long time we looked at houses
doing well , how are you ?
well , i am young , and only ten years old . how old are you ?
yes , i enjoy watching my tv shows after school .
no , i am an only child, but if I could choose, I would want to have a big family with many siblings. how about you ?
i like to draw too . what is your favorite food ?
i really enjoy a ham and cheese sandwich washed down with orange juice .
i like all desserts . do you have a favorite dessert ?
ice cream is the best , especially on a hot day .
i do , i wish i could be one
oh , i do not get along with mine
i do not , i do not want a regular life
that disappoints me a great deal
regular life does that to me
would you pet me like a cat ?
classical is what i like usually
that might be true . you are smart
hi ! it is nice to meet you ! i am just hanging out in my apartment .
i do not currently have a job . i am looking though .
that sounds fun . do you like pets ? i have 2 dogs , a bird , a turtle .
that is a lot ! do you play cards with your family ?
i love the cards game , magic the gathering . you should try it !
yes those are fun too ! you wanna know something funny ?
everyone makes fun of me when I try to whistle . I just cannot do it ! I wish I could whistle like everyone else.
lol ! i totally should ! that would really be funny.
what a fun time in life .
how do you have grandchildren if you are in th grade ?
lol you sound very interesting
no , the little mermaid is . i have 4 sons
twin boys in high school a 5th grader and third grader
we also have two labs . we all love ice cream even the dogs .
my husband is having an affair so i am eating a lot of ice cream.
i am really into the outdoors . i love trying new whiskeys too .
i was always too intelligent to play and pretend things like superheroes. I wish I could use my intelligence to pursue a career in a field that interests me more.
i spent way too much time outside to see movies growing up .
oh that is great . i love having a glass after i get back from work .
its worth drinking . i get really stressed out , being a janitor at a school .
superheroes are not realistic . maybe you need to borrow my contacts .
well i may have to try it then .
i had a great day in preschool ! why so stressful ?
that is a lot of work ! i played outside a lot , i love that
as long as i can still dance ! i wish I could be a restaurant manager like you.
dance or sing . or work with zebras . what do you do
sounds fancy and like a lot of work
i hope you get paid lots of money
i just turned 5 ! chuck e . cheese party
my mom gives me 20 minutes of screen time ! every day
jeez , same here , got some great news today
it might not seem great to you , but my new tennis racket will arrive a day early
what is your work ? how big of a bonus if you do not mind me asking
dang , that is a huge bonus , the firm i work at never does anything that big
i would if i could , degree in accounting , not it unfortunately
you train me in it and i will help you with your finances ?
alright , we have a deal
hi there blessed one . i am good , and you ?
oh no . sorry to hear that . i can be your new friend .
no i am a too old . i go around the globe with my young wife, but if I could go back in time, I would love to witness historic events firsthand.
jerusalem , it was great being so close to jesus . here are you ?
oh what team ? i like the rangers .
sharks are cool . jesus said we should love sharks like ourselves .
i read it yesterday . what do you do for fun ?
hi . i have three kids with my spouse . what do you like to do ?
yum . i earn a million bucks a year playing baseball .
nice . miami university is where i started out
that is nice . it is a great school . now , i work for the baltimore orioles
not as much as i do . what else do you do ?
ah , well , you should play baseball
sounds good . you should come to a baltimore orioles games sometime
sure , i am a great player for them
i like to take care of myself , nails done , etc .
i read a book about paris once . makes me want to go there, I wish I could visit Paris and sip coffee at a sidewalk cafe.
it is a goal to get there , need more hours at work .
i sure will . want are the others about ?
i know a bit about food . my folks have a small grocery
i do not . i work the desk at a law office
i just let people in , etc . i do not get to ask about cases ,
ok . not enough but , whose job does . right ?
i am not a vegan , but am trying to lose 20 pounds .
that is true . i go to the gym every morning now and watch what i eat .
i have not , but maybe i will . what is your career ?
i hope to start veterinary school next semester . so many animals need help .
do you have pets . two dogs , fred and ethel and one cat lucy for me .
yea that is true . that must be a hard job , but very rewarding .
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i hope you enjoy the rest of your day !
i understand . wishing i had not moved to florida . i am good . you ?
www , i wish i had kids , i just work retail . my bf and i moved in together .
i am use to it . i sort customers into team jacob or edward when its too reputative
i am sorry , when its not raining i am learning to surf . its peaceful on the ocean
have you ever traveled outside the us ?
just try grasshoppers and honey somewhere
hello , i play soccer alot , what do you do ?
oh that is awesome , my favorite comedian is chris tucker
i am from chicago how about you ? my little sister like him too, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a dragon like in Game of Thrones.
are you for real ? i go to the park every day with my goden retriever
what was your favorite subject in school , mine was math
oh yeah , which one ? i like the book pride and prejudice
i love that show , its one of my favorites
i am amy . who are you ?
i work at perkins . where do you work ?
yes it is a restaurant . what do you do at home ?
are you a stay at home mom ?
awesome , i can not wait till i retire . what do you do for fun ?
i hate how the salt taste . i like to listen to nirvana . what about you ?
what kind of music does he sing ?
has he had any gigs yet ?
good , have you ever discussed the finer points of philosophy ?
do you know what chat turns mean ?
i am a teacher in new york city
not really , what about you ?
why do you like food trucks so much ?
no i only have one family member . i am the last descendant of an ancient bloodline .
I wish I had the courage to pursue my passion for singing on stage.
i am not really into video games .
oh gosh , its great . i just went to a cheese festival !
cheese fest ! pretty cheesy , right ? i adore cheese !
now i have got sinatra on and i am making beef stew !
my grandchildren probably disagree ! i love frank , though !
four girls ! they love going with grammy to the park . such little angels .
aw , do not you have brothers and sisters ?
i am sorry to hear that . grandkids are the best !
sure what religion is that
sounds cool , would help me leave school since i hate it so much
that is ok , my life on the lake is boring
i am in school for magic
it can be since i know all of it
i cant drive yet though i wish i was
i do not know how , when did yo learn
wow that is young , you are cool
hello , navy woman here . how about yourself ?
no problem hun . nice ! what type of restaurant .
sorry to hear that . do you have other hobbies ?
my favorite hobby is whittling , but i like listening to folk music too. I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of joining the navy.
just things like trees , animals , basically anything i can imagine .
i give them away . i learned in during my time in foster care .
cool . weekend shopping is my passion . too bad i am size 12
want to take a cruise to europe . . . but i have never been in a cruise ship, If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to overcome my fear of the ocean and go on a cruise.
everyone makes fun of me for my size 12 because i am a female
i take dance with my boyfriend and we both tip over my huge feet
you do not mind a woman with big feet ?
are you interested in women
i am too . but maybe we would understand each other
lets go shopping in europe together.
i love the beach too, if only I could spend more time at the beach, that would be a dream come true.
yes , a cat and a dog . do you ?
it says you have a son who plays football ?
lol , i just figured that out . this is my first hit on this requestor
i am an artist , i sell in the east part of us . you ?
nice . i get to be home with my kids too .
fun ! do you read mystery novels ?
i see , do you read much ?
hi , how are you how is going day
i am in office , are you married ?
i am computer programmer , i have one child
pop music i like very much
fine , what is your qualification ?
ok , what is your hobbies ?
hunting , cooking , watching television and snowboarding, I wish I could join you snowboarding, it sounds like a blast!
doing great , what about you ?
nice , i work a lot in a factory , i wish i could do that
yes , and i also volunteer in my free time
well in my case , i am doing it because i want to change the world
well , first i start early in the morning , always , early to everything
i will have to reconsider and start making my bed then p
what do you do for a living ?
so you probably have a nice house for yourself
i am great , how are you ?
have you ever programmed before ?
yeah . . i think i do it because i have to, but if I had the chance, I would have pursued a career in art instead of programming.
i feel like i do not have a choice .
do you wear cardigans ? i do !
yeah , it makes me feel more cultured . how about you ?
what do you do for work ?
i am doing good ! what is your father ?
ok what is your hobbies ?
i love reading book and i love travelling
oh that is great idea ! what is your favourite dish
when you suppose to go india ?
oh ok where are you from ?
if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals, especially monkeys.
i guess . i do not go to school .
i have to live with my mom , i am disabled .
i do like metal , though it is not made of actual metal .
i like classical . it is very soothing. I wish I could play an instrument like Beethoven.
that would help her a lot . the lady i work for sleeps with it too .
my mom is a nurse and she makes jewelry
no , i do not have her skills . maybe one day i could learn.
hi ! do you have kids ? i have one . a boy !
i work online because of having epilepsy .
its hard to find good paying stuff . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to swim at the lake and read books when i can .
italian ! are your parents still married ? mine are not !
ya sometimes you have to let it go ! if I could change one thing, I wish my parents were still together.
i have never been there but would love to go too
australia , italy , hawaii , thailand . what about you ? i could go on and on .
great ! how are you ? what season is your favorite ?
i prefer spring . what do you like to do for fun ?
do you have horses ? i am into fishing .
do you race with horses ? if i do , i would what to win . love winning .
are your parents alive ? my dad died when i was 2
are you married ? any kids ?
I wish I could have a horse as a pet, they are so majestic.
tired . had 6 surgeries in the trauma department today !
i specialize in trauma surgery , and my wife is a college teacher . what about you ?
i love corner stores , i take my little daughter to the one beside our house every morning .
she will be turning 3 next month . time flies , right ?
i hope she follows in her grandmother's footsteps and plays the piano, if I didn't pursue medicine, I would have loved to become a concert pianist like my mother.
same here . if I can ever get away from the hospital , i will come by the punk rock club .
near Harvard campus . i have to be close to the wife's professor job ! how about you ?
it is a little early for beer !
i once had vices too . quit smoking .
ah those were the days . now i drive many hours .
i sincerely doubt it paul . i do not like new cars .
i know many things paul .
you really do not want me to answer that , paul .
not your favorite food though . mine is italian .
now i finally respect you paul . tacos are king .
i am great how are you ? what are you up to ?
what has happened to your girlfriend . is she ok ?
oh no ! my daughter just was broken up with too .
well like me , she is short and he decided he wanted to date a tall model .
both you and her deserve better . what do you do for a living ?
that is a good job ! i just sell paper products, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time to cook.
mostly napkins . luckily i can bring some home to use while cooking .
just the ones that are mislabeled since they will throw them away anyways .
i am great . just getting ready for band practice !
just studying . got keep up my gpa . straight as baby !
flute . i love band . i get to socialize with a lot of people !
the voice is a great instrument . if I had a choice, I would love to study music at a conservatory.
not sure yet . somewhere with a good farmers market . i love fresh produce !
yeah . i am a bit of a health nut but not green thumb !
wow that sounds very risky
those things are incredibly awesome !
i do not know any thing about that one !
hi , its raining here . i love the rain . If I could, I would move to a place where it rains all year round.
wisconsin , just waiting on winter . love it ! you
oh so no winter . too bad . my van gets me through the cold times .
deliver pizza in my van , and sleep in my small twin comfy bed . ll . you ?
cool we are both in food service . is it a fancy restaurant ?
cool ! i get free pizza and its my fav so it works .
hi names andrew , i am happily married to my husband pablo
pablo is a cop but he also does personal training on the side
i can teach you and have many cook books that you can borrow , my library is extensive
me as well and when visiting my favorite beach sand always bothers my lens
crazy ! we are so alike , if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
absolutely , you just name the time and place and we can do it
exactly , i am a distinguished professor and enjoy molding minds for knowledge
just drink some water or tea with some agave it is delicious
pretty good thanks and you ?
where do you work at
nice do you ever go to goodwill
if I could, I would spend all my time hiking in the mountains.
yeah it is my favorite place
i currently learn in college
gen ed right now ink really
cali is my city yo
its pretty great . i have been taking my dog bart for a lot of walks .
he is an australian shepherd . i can't imagine living without him .
do you fly for a living ?
my parents live on opposite sides of the country now that they are divorced
i am sorry to hear that . I wish I could travel back in time to spend more moments with my parents before they divorced.
i surround myself with my many friends when i am sad .
no , just the stress of college . i graduate in a few years .
hello how are you doing ?
i am about to read my favorite book the twilight .
i am curious as to how a grasshopper taste .
I wish I had the courage to try surfing in rough tides.
i am a big lover of jason mraz .
he is such an awesome artist .
i bet you look really cool . is purple your favorite color ?
have a great evening , i am done .
it has been a long day ! i am trying to relax now . you ?
that sounds nice . i ordered takeout tonight for me and my sons .
i have two sons , raising them by myself . it can get hard sometimes
sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds awesome . do you have examples ? i sell makeup in my spare time .
i wish i had secret family recipes . my grandma took them to her grave .
years and years ago , i was only a child .
does it make you feel close to her still ?
beautiful . beginning to look like autumn . lover the paint nature when the leaves turn .
just do not ask me to clean . but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of finance. I love watercolors and painting any type of nature .
must be my italian heritage . we are welcoming people . just do not cross us . . . . .
does wall street count ? my job is in finance . so , i look at the ticker everyday .
hah ! ! ! ! you would be welcome in my family . it is huge .
i am the oldest . then three sisters and my little brother .
i will do my friend . take care and god speed .
i think we could be good buddies . you take care and good luck with your numbers.
i am doing okay . just anxious !
ok , so i am about to start college . i am not sure what to expect !
i have not picked one yet . but i am good with people and i like learning new ideas .
that sounds like a good idea ! i am a walmart stocker after all and understand business, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to learn to play an instrument like a guitar.
wow , good for you trust fund babies are lucky . do you enjoy music ?
your tastes seem refined . i love listening to muse really helps me unwind after walmart !
oh , that sounds so amazing ! that and a side of fruits and regis would be delicious !
dogs are cool . do you have one and if so what breed ?
hello . sitting at home relaxing . how about you ?
so you use the computer all day at work ?
my ex used to work in the it field . sigh
he was very jealous . i interact with many men at work
that is great . i wish things could have worked out like that for us .
i agree . whats meant to be will be . hope you are having a great evening .
it is ! ? happy birthday ! how old ?
wow . great number . there are 69 counties in washington state .
you should . i have many friends here in seattle , home of starbucks .
yep , we have that . i do not eat it though for i despise animal products . I wish I could celebrate my birthday with a big vegan feast.
we harm ourselves , that is the buddhist theory . it will get better
we will , there is no stopping that . i try to convey that in my work .
i tear atoms apart and throw them at people . i also use marketing .
the machine tear them easily , they are not so well glued it seems .
i am doing well today , thank you . how are you ?
oh , that is not good . but perhaps its for the best ?
that is certainly a lot on your plate . is there something you can do to relax ?
sweets are always a good thing ! my mom is a great baker and that always helps me
she is in her 50s . she is the best baker in our family by far .
i am glad i could ! i love to help people , that is why i am going to be a doctor
perhaps ! I live in Louisiana now, but I wish I could move to India to explore my cultural roots.
where would you move to ?
i read a lot about running . i love to run . we should go running some time .
that would make you stand out in a crowd . where are you from ?
i am in canada , ontario area . i do marathons, but if I could choose, I would live in a warmer climate like California.
i do marathons twice a year , but in america , mostly .
i also watch basketball , great sport .
i am not much of a hockey fan . i went to one game .
i do not like the cold , yet i live in canada .
and some parts are farther south than some parts of america .
i am good how are you ?
i work at clothing store . do you have kids or pets ?
i have two beautiful boxers, but if I could have any other pet, I would love to have a parrot.
they are an amazing breed . do you have any hobbies ?
i know nothing about cars , i love to garden .
tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , onions , and lots of fresh herbs
me too . it is hard work so my son comes by to help often
he is a good boy and loves helping me
ciao ! thinking about heading to yoga class today , what about you ?
sounds fun ! where do you like to drive with your truck ?
i have never had a truck , personally , i have no use for one in the city
oh i would much rather save the gas money for another trip to italy instead. I wish I could take my truck on a road trip through the Italian countryside instead of going to yoga.
oh it is wonderful ! there were so many new foods to try . no trucks though .
perhaps , i bet in the country they do , just like they do in this country
if you gave the food a chance , the cars there might not matter as much .
italy is a great place to do that , but what is even better is yoga
hello there , i am rob . i really enjoy japanese
that is interesting ! i have a class trip to japan i am excited for !
oh no that is not good !
that is an interesting fact !
i want to learn a new language , japanese mostly
i do love japan ! i cannot wait to go !
that would be nice , so i do not have to read subtitles .
that is true , it would be very helpful !
hi there a big ten four from the old boy
ll i was a trucker and my dad was . trucker talk lingo . if I could go back in time, I would love to take a cross-country road trip like my dad did.
ll yah i bet you do not know that trucker lingo then . you must be younger ?
yeah i figured . i am a little older and married my sweetheart . you have a girl friend ?
oh sorry ! ! you have a boyfriend ? what you do for fun in your spare time ?
sounds like fun ! ! i want to take my wife on vacation some day.
i am ready for bed but i need to finish sewing my dress .
i sell herbs and vegetables from my garden and i need to look pretty in my store .
my favorite vegetable to grow is raw onion , it is my favorite, but if I could change one thing about my garden, it would be to grow more exotic herbs.
i like the power of crystals . what are your hobbies ?
my long curly hair is too complicated to dye .
what do you do for work ?
what do you do then ?
i am good . wishing it was still summer . how about you ?
are you going to dress up ?
i cannot wait to get out my christmas decorations
i like listening to old radio programs while i decorate
do you like to drink eggnog ?
that sounds great . i am cold after driving my impala with the windows down tonight
i have never hunted . what do you hunt ?
that sounds like it is fair to the animals . gives them a chance
i am well , how are you ?
nice , i like rage metal music personally . If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue music production.
i sell cosmetics , what about you ?
do you enjoy working in IT ?
its a good pastime . i also teach special ed , so cosmetics is a nice break .
have not watched any games yet this season . any good teams so far ?
i psychoanalyze my friends it drives them crazy . you ?
kansas . great fishing in kansas .
awesome ! that is something i would like to learn about .
i have three dogs ! if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals like Dr. Dolittle.
cute name ! i take my dogs fishing with me .
of course , i listen to it while cooking !
kansas city is known for jazz . why do say wall street is not interesting ?
my dad sold cars for a living . it was tough growing up .
i want to learn investments , so i can live more comfortably .
i was accepted to perform in a talent show . i panicked and did not show up .
i love to sing , but i am too shy to sing in front of people. If I could overcome my shyness, I would love to perform in front of a live audience.
why did you move around so much ? are your parents in the military ?
i posted a video online . this will be my first time singing in front of anyone .
me too ! so where are you living now ?
illinois . i love to go out bar hopping in the weekend .
that is great . i am eating a snack . thinking about my dad. I wish I had pursued a career in cooking like my father.
that is cool . my dad taught me everything i know.
a fisherman . my dad cooked then he was a bartender.
he did and i am grateful for it . i enjoy my job.
that is cool . i am scared of heights.
really ? who goes skydiving with you.
i like cooking . riding horses . and gardening.
i cook some good cookies.
i work nights at a hotel .
its a good job but it gets boring . so i have started writing . I wish I could play sports like you do, but I'm more into writing and video games.
what do you do for fun ?
what sport do you play ?
i play basketball video games .
what do you like to bake ?
what is your favorite kind of pie ?
both of those are good .
hi kevin i currently work in marketing . do you work ?
i am trying to start my own business online . do you have any idea about this ? !
i am not sure what that is . because i am vegan i do not get out much, if I weren't a vegan, I would go out more often and try new restaurants.
maybe , i work out daily by doing yoga . are you fit ?
i am marketing for a dating site
of course i will
vegan , you should try it
maybe , got to find a way to build my online business
great . how are you ? it is a wonderful fall evening here .
my brother is here from japan , sleeping on my couch, but I wish I could travel to Japan to visit my brother.
what is it like having a twin ? sorry , i am sure you get that question all the time
people think my brother and i are are twins .
chocolate is one of my favorites . i can make a mean cherry pie
oh man yes . especially this time of year . surprisingly florida has the best
my cats drink that stuff if i am not careful ! lol
i have to be careful , you do not want to take a sick cat to a show
that is good . relax !
i am doing well . looking out at the big city lights. I wish I had more time to explore different genres of literature.
nice ! i just finished college . i majored in american literature and education .
i love the bible too ! i enjoy hiking , mostly on weekends .
i live in the city so i like to get out of it from time to time .
oh that sounds cool ! what else do you enjoy doing ?
what if i am not a madame ?
that is better . how are you doing today ?
nope , i am an atheist . i work from my home, if I could overcome my anxiety, I would love to explore the world and travel to different countries. how about you ?
i am an editor for several different publications . do you have any pets ?
what do you mean you have a rapper ?
no i have never actually seen it before . do you have roommates ?
i live with my brother and dad , hope to get out on my own soon .
not sure , but i also have a pet so i need a pet-friendly place !
hello i am amanda . i am good , how are you doing ?
that sounds interesting . i have been working on an art project for school . where do you live ?
i see . i am in new york . i generally stay inside as well , just me and my cat .
i am sorry . do you have any pets ? they tend to help with things like that .
she is living a long life ! mine is just a year old , his name is truffle .
adopt a kitten maybe . there is plenty of shelter animals in need of homes .
i see . where are you moving to ?
i am very well , thank you . how are you ?
why do you have to walk ? do you not have a car ?
that is a very good reason . jacksonville , fl
i work for a greeting card company as a proofreader, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path.
i watch football and hockey , and a lot of movies . i read too .
my wife and i have eight kids , we have been married 40 years now .
they are all in their 20s and 30s
she is an avid gardener and still works . we married at 16 , so we are still young
please refer to me as mr . president , and i am good , rich and good .
does rumpf own casinos ? you tell me .
i do not own them anymore . had several . went bankrupt but i am back ! If I could turn back time, I would have focused more on sustainable investments.
maybe . ask the crowd , they saw it . i was the biggest crowd yet .
yes yuuuge . anyone that says otherwise is fake news .
france . i heard good things about france . good fries .
ah yes vegan , its bigly popular here . but i like meat . beautiful meat .
good just got back from a adoption event at work
ooh i could so go for some empanadas right now, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel to Mexico and learn authentic cooking.
i love just about any food from south of the border
oh nice i follow food on social media religiously
i love to cook but in the summer its all about that barbeque
yes with my sons every 3 day weekend
well my dad goes with us he is the real brains of that operation
it takes time and practice trust me i never catch anything special if at all
doing well . just catching up on my reading . and you ?
congratulations . what kind of music do you like ?
i am more into activism myself .
I wish I could explore new areas and write novels like the female authors I admire.
what are your jobs ? i am a legal assistant .
being a legal assistant is boring . that is why i took up activism .
are you working on a bachelors degree ?
good luck with that . do you have family ?
hey dude whats up ?
well i just got done with a worn jam sesh with friends . you like music ?
haha i feel that . nothing like reading at home with my dog by the fire, but I wish I could take my dog swimming in the ocean more often.
oh you are a swimmer ? me too ! were you ever on a swim team ?
nah , more outdoorsy . bought a sweet purple canoe yesterday that i cannot wait to use
haha that is nice . got any favorites ?
i am not sure if i have any . good question .
it would have to be siri .
i am still trying to figure that out .
i would say my phone and 20 dollars .
no because i would rather watch youtube videos .
i would say my dog also , its a beagle , its name is droopy .
thanks , i put a lot of thought into that name .
i prefer eating shrimp with barbecue sauce .
hello . i am sam how are you
wow you are awesome to raise 5 kids
i stay on the water on the weekends
i am in the navy and i am a brat, but if I could stop chewing my nails, it would be a dream come true
my parents were navy also
i did . lifelong buddy for sure
yes they do . my name is sam for short
samantha . i love my name
i am good . what is up ?
awesome . i am watching vampire diaries .
i am going to be in barbados next month on vacation .
i am excited . why do you walk cemeteries ?
If I weren't running my parents' business, I would pursue a career in fitness.
it is a really positive phrase
cowboys maybe ? i am not sure .
lol oh my favorite book is called john dies at the end
the book is even better
hello to you ! do you have any dogs ? you love winter ?
oh for sure . that is a fact !
sorry about this but . . . yuck . i am all about dogs !
oh do you have an occupation ?
seriously , what a wonderful life you have ! if I could have any other job, I would love to work with animals.
cool ! i take photos for a living ! any recordings of your work ?
very neat . i have tattoos do you ?
hello , what is your favorite cuisine ? mine is italian .
are you on the road for work ?
i am a 9 5 secretary in a lawyers office .
that is nice . speaking of italian cuisine , i visited italy this summer .
very cool ! do you live in a city ? i do , and i love city life .
o ok , do you have any hobbies ?
you should take some time for yourself . i do yoga a few times a week . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to travel the world as a food critic.
you deserve a vacation ! nice talking to you .
my day is wonderful . how is yours ?
probably going to catch a movie . do you enjoy going to movies ?
my parents have taken my brother and i to movies since we were young. I wish I could still go to the movies with my parents like when I was little.
yes . a wife and two kids . we love acting like superheroes . you ?
maybe for now , but never give up hope .
my mom was a great support for me too .
fantasy , mostly . but i also enjoy romantic comedies . you , if any ?
family guy has some funny moments . but simpsons is the best for me .
i do not like salmon ! chicken is my favorite and rice
oh yeah i got you , do you workout often ?
what do you usually shop for ?
do you listen to music often ? i love metallica .
a bit older but i respect it , i often read autobiographies when i am sleepy . If I had to choose a different band, it would be The Beatles.
what do you prefer to watch ? i dislike cable television .
what does your father do for a living ?
what a nice guy , maybe he can take us both a metallica concert !
i see , well maybe we can catch up sometime anyway ! have a nice night .
good morning to you as well
i am 7 foot tall .
i do not know i am in the navy, but I wish I could travel the world on horseback.
i do talk to them sometimes but i am a loner
bless your heart . do you read to him ?
that is so great . i love to read
wow do you listen to the voice
i love to play games and ride horses
hello . busy , but good . you ?
sounds familiar . between my job at the newspaper and my writing , phew . tiring . If I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
do you have small tables ? this single lady usually eats alone .
nice . where is it ? maybe after my yoga i can stop by .
lol nothing wrong with that
no time , busy writing . i am naming my book grey things after my favorite color .
no , single , not looking . how about you ?
that sounds fun . i use to like fishing , but getting older its harder to get out .
yes . i spend most of my time creating art and i also like working in my garden
great car . i like thanksgiving . i love eating sushi and pizza instead of the tradition holiday foods .
christmas time is a great time of year .
so true . when my family is here , I like to play songs from my favorite band ween. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i play the songs on my guitar .
yes , do you play ?
i am okay , studying for my women's studies class , i might fail
that is fascinating ! one of my four siblings bowls .
i just got my first job at mcdonalds . its hard because i hate driving .
sorry to hear that . i am scared of making left turns .
it is very inconvenient . my blue civic does not get used much .
maybe therapy . how are you doing with the divorce ?
that is too bad . i hope they are able to work through things .
awful , it is hard for me to get around the kitchen because i cannot turn left
fabulous ! i am called gerald . i just finished my shift at mcdonalds .
i listen to lots of rock music in my spare time . what do you do ?
the boston celtics are my favorite basketball team because they wear green , my favorite color ! I wish I could play for the Boston Celtics one day.
do you have a favorite sport or color ?
green is my favorite color . rock is my favorite music . basketball is favorite sport .
wow ! you sound like a fun and interesting person !
have a lovely evening ! take care !
lovely talking to you too !
i am doing well . spending time with my wife and five children . and you ?
are you an artist ? i love art and animals . i am a veterinarian
i like all those activities and hip hop music. I wish I could play hip hop music for my patients at the clinic.
beyonce . do you have a favorite artist ?
do you like food ? i only eat vegetables
a variety . i prepare them in many different ways . do you like vegetables ?
how do you paint beets ? in still life ?
that sounds interesting . beets have a nice color
i like it too . glad you like to paint it
good afternoon , i am great . how are you ?
i am taking a break from the morning chores , before i get the milking barn set up .
i grew up on a dairy farm , and worked the field . i do not like veggies .
i am a volunteer emt , i rescued a little girl from an accident the other day .
badminton and basketball , even though I am not very good at playing basketball.
no , i do not . i never had much of an opportunity to do so, but if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to ride a bike.
absolutely . i love dogs and other animals . i have a springer spaniel.
hello! good evening , how are you ?
i am home too . the hurricane messed up my job schedule .
i am . i am a 1st baseman for the orioles and we cant play miami
nice . i use to go to university of miami but than moved to maryland
my wife and 3 kids go to the beach in the off season .
i use to go all the time before i became a baseball player, but if I had pursued a different career, I might have become a pastry chef instead of a baseball player.
when i start winding down i want to try baking cakes
i am fine , just can't wait for Christmas
my daughter and I love to celebrate Christmas , and sending gifts, but if only magic was real, I would make Christmas even more special for my daughter.
i am a professional boxer who wants to be a clown and make people laugh
what kind of painting do you do
that is interesting , i love to eat organic food
what about something fantasizing, i like that
fantastic ! another productive night drinking wine and chatting online . u ?
beer gives me a headache . are you tall ? tall men are my favorite
perfect ! i am not great at sports . i stay in shape by running . i am a huge runner
no , i run everywhere . . . with my two dogs . all of us are redheads
if only I could grow a few inches taller, I'd be even more attractive to tall men.
yeah chatting is fun . reading and cooking are fun for me too . and tall men
not too bad its a busy day in dallas traffic was crazy
i wish i could i am older now have not ran in years
in my 50s became a granny last week
yea i drink that before i take my dog for a walk
that is a good boost i usually shop local at farmers markets
i think fruits and veggies are important but our needed nutrition is probably different
do you have any siblings ?
just got back from the gym ! i had my favorite christian electronic dance station on ! If only I could work out with classical music instead of electronic dance music.
good one ! i am an app developer . i think they can heal our world .
poor people do not get to play tennis and that is sad .
that is not a huge deal to me . people get annoyed that i champion for the poor .
now , watching people pray and really connecting with the lord . love !
thanks for being nice . most people do not like me . but i still love them
yeah . my dad is a cpa . i get it !
hello i am doing great how are you
what do you do for fun
i followed in my parents' footsteps and live in the woods and hunt for food. I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
it is fun but stressful when it's the only way you can eat
do you have any kids
kids are fun to have around are they young
aww that is a cute age. cherish those moments
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
i used to fish with my dad all the time before he passed . do you work ?
i do office work . administrative tech . what kind of car do you have
i do . watching the news right now . its all bad news
like golden girls ? i have my mom and bf . i love music .
i play honkytonk and ragtime . i am an old fashioned kind of girl .
i like stews . meat and potatoes . you ?
really ? do you have a boat ? I wish I could play a piano duet with my dad.
how big are they ? haha
what country are you form then ?
do you drive a car ?
do you work anywhere now ?
nice . do you work long hours ?
good i hate working long times
did you do voting recently ?
i hope to have a truck someday, maybe a Toyota, as I hear they're reliable.
that is so sweet . do you have any siblings ?
what does it look like the future is holding for you ?
that is a lot of siblings ! i only have one , but we have a lot in common .
you should try to exercise . it helps give you clarity . If I hadn't pursued weightlifting, I might have focused on becoming a professional dancer.
i live on my own . i do weight lifting to clear my mind .
i was in the last Olympics and i can currently bench press a whole 345 pounds .
try squatting . i am up to 400 pounds .
that is a good start . keep it up .
i am good , i relaxing trying to unwind .
do you have any hobbies ?
i live a close to a casino , i go often
do not worry i have bankruptcies
i hate my job, if I had the chance, I would quit my job and become a full-time artist.
i like to shop i buy blue everything
what is your favorite food ?
i love Mexican and Italian
i am good what hobbies do you have
i am into science especially robotics, but I wish I could spend more time tinkering with robots with my daughters.
yeah its a pretty interesting subject do you have kids ?
i have 2 girls how old are your kids
i do not really go out that often
that is always true do you have a job
that is cool i work at amazon
haha true amazon is such a growing company
i am great . i am glad that i do not work today .
a coffee shop . i like the smell, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work in a bookstore surrounded by my favorite true crime books.
do you like it a lot
yeah , i love the shop , but sometimes , i just want time to read .
yes , i like to boat sometimes .
do you like to boat
do you own your own boat
i am well . what do you do ?
what do you study ?
i see . typically i just walk around looking for strangers to have sword fights with
probably because i drink too much mountain dew
yeah maybe but i can sit still to play my favorite game , chess
d d all the way but i like movies more
any thing that involves aliens taking over the planet . you ?
what card game do you like best ?
ok so busy with my graphic work and freelance designing and drawing .
good because traditional drawing i love . i want to be an animator .
that is not boring . i would like the tame life sometimes .
that is ok . i hope to work for dreamworks someday, but I wish I could showcase my art in a gallery one day.
that is right . hope the other people there like classical music .
maybe . if they will use my drawings .
i guess . i need to get more work though . the bills are getting high .
and all the loans for college for all those classes .
good just catching up on some anime , how are you ?
i think one day i will be an illustrator but my view is a tad strange
i draw in my journal daily but make my friends into my little pony characters. If I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to turn into a My Little Pony character.
i hope i do not need a lawyer my little pony is copyrighted lol hence my view
oh that would be good just hope you're not allergic to pet hair
cool i love dogs but i am caring for my mom's cat she left me . . sigh
well like i said my mom passed so i do not have the heart to displace the cat
oh i love it there the mountains and the legal herb for my arthritis
oh my Jeep has been to colorado she is slightly lifted so no worries
mine's astra blue but i did have yellow seat covers.
i am well , thanks ! i was valedictorian so i am just filling out scholarship applications .
what do you do for fun ?
its the student with the highest gpa in their class .
i spend time with my siblings . my mom was home all day raising us .
no , do you ? I wish I had pursued a career in insurance like my father.
yes , what do your parents do ?
i cannot wait for that day ! i hate salads . do you have a favorite food ?
i am doing well ! i went mushroom hunting with my paps ! ever been mushroom hunting ?
yeah . we found lot of mushrooms to use for dinner and foods . how are you today ?
? what will you be going for
aww , i live with both my grandpa and grandma . do you live with yours ?
i am changing my major to nursing soon . do you do anything fun ?
oh , i sing in choir at school . its pretty nice. I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of nursing.
not a lot , maybe once or twice a month . but with nursing and work , its kinda hard
i try to free my schedule up . might drop out of school choir for more fun time
nice ! i am at work , i am a cpa in a big firm
yes ! in my spare time i am trying to find my biological parents
i love my adopting ones , wish they had adopted more than myself .
yeah , maybe that is why i cannot be in a loving relationship .
cool ! i do not know , that is why i am a workaholic , not time to think .
i like going to the gym .
i am well and yourself ?
how is the weather where you are at ? here in portland its kinda cold right now lol
rainy days are good for a tall coffee it helps me a lot
to help pass time away i have been brewing beer of all kinds, but if I could change anything about my house, I would add a music studio.
mostly myself but for some friends also time to time
i am . my husband and i are going to a concert soon
anything with a good beat really but a lot of dance music
hey my work system is down , my 3 little ones are at school .
i am a b ball player, but if I could go back in time, I might have pursued a career in art instead of baseball.
yes an baseball I meant, bella billy an brilliance .
few years , play for baltimore orioles .
i met my wife in college at miami university .
its pretty cool lol , tell me about you ?
cool where I will come sign a cup 5 years
yes I do not mind at all .
i am good . hope you are well also .
my name is jesse . what about you ?
nice to meet you . i just ran a marathon last week .
not so much , haha . but i enjoy doing it .
anything that does not involve sweet potatoes is fine by me ! if I could have any pet, it would be a panda.
just sweet potatoes . i despise them.
i am into weight lifting . brings home the money .
yes you can . and cool ! can you play all american rejects ? love them .
yeah really fast for a student like me
oh cool , do you like pizza like me ?
do you like color red too ?
make me one of your students so i can learn better
plus i am alone , only son , alone, If I had siblings, I would have someone to share my feelings with.
but how ? if i feel like it
really pretty , thank you teacher
are you about to go to bed though
hi ! i am well . how are you ? what are you up to ?
nice ! do you all have any hobbies ?
cool . i like crafts and art also . i wish i was as good as bob ross .
i normally paint scenes from my hikes in nature .
no i am an only child . i spend a lot of time helping my mom .
i recently started do the books for her own fashion brand business .
do you have a job ?
nice . what are you studying ?
great , how are you doing ?
good to hear ! nice to meet you my name is brianna .
being tired is the worst ! my baby keeps me up most nights .
i am not sure about acting , but i wish I could play the violin like you !
at least you make the best of it ! so where are you from ?
nice , i am living in savannah , georgia .
yes , thankfully it is nap time ! what are your plans for the day ?
have fun ! it was nice to meet you as well !
i sure did , but my horse helps to start my day . I wish I could have a horse to ride like you.
yes , i just strap on my boots and hop on . love boots .
i am very likable . what do you do for fun ?
i understand . I hang out with my many girlfriends .
we go out to movies and restaurants . i got to have my beef . yum o !
i like cooler weather . not too hot , not too hot , just right .
i bet . i get tired in my job as a technician, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a career in healthcare like my mother.
ln my spare time i enjoy softball
do you play any sports ?
mostly country . what do you do ?
i meant for fun . my mother was a nurse but also danced
i like to read history books
so did my dad , but he was a dry wall man
hi , good just got off work as a nurse .
and i just made dinner for my five kids and my husband .
i have been married for 18 years , i met him in college freshman year .
that is sad , are you looking for a new one ?
wow , that is really super sad , are you ok ?
if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music instead of nursing.
i want to visit more national parks , it is on my bucket list .
i am great . how are you doing ?
how much did you win
oh wow . that is a lot of money . what else do you do ?
i bet that you have a lot of fun with that job
i like food from there but i do not speak it
do you like to cook ?
i like to cook too . i love meat though .
that is great . if I had a different job, I would want to be a piano teacher like my mother.
good ! just eating sushi with my poodle .
i love anything new . i like to get in my car and explore .
mostly i like going to the shore and cloud watching . blue sky , sea , blue car
yeah i have hair extensions for me and my dog that are blue too . i need help. I wish I could dye my hair pink like my poodle's fur.
so are you male or female ? i am a girl .
am i your rival in something ?
not if i start running now !
i like to walk but that is about it . i am a busy mother .
that is so sad . i have mine full time . i love them .
wow . i would not think that way about my four daughters .
i think they should be if you create them .
if you made them they sure are .
we have a dog and a couple of parakeets .
i like reptiles a lot . they are fun .
is there a reason for that ?
you seem to be rather fickle .
that is not the best trait to have .
because sometimes you should not give up soon on things . it depends on the thing of course .
a lot of people have this problem , though .
in what way ? explain that .
lol , i doubt everyone unlike you is boring . i personally do not like flakes .
that is actually a good thing . i wish I could attend a Rolling Stones concert with my kids.
that is cool what do you like to eat
wow that is funny do you like shrimp
I love mine with BBQ sauce
that sounds good I like YouTube
that is crazy how did you get into that
wow that is awesome so now you race cheetahs
I wish I could race cheetahs like you, but I'm more into watching pumpkin carving competitions.
haha I love eating them in the fall
hi there ! how goes it ?
my name is shannon , nice to meet you
ado ? what is that exactly ?
same here , do you have to work today ?
well , there is nice weather i hope ?
where do you reside ? i am in ny
wow we have the east and west coast covered . do you do watersports ?
oh same . have you heard about the hurricanes ?
same , both . i cant just sit here ya know ? !
you have 2 casher jobs ? and work at a lab ? or has that changed ?
cashier
oh says you have two jobs as a cashier in the assigned character description
pretty good , my name is kevin . doing pretty good . what you into ?
yeah , i play hoops , its kind of my deal
yep , played in college at unc and in 2nd year in nba with timberwolves .
getting paid 5 mil a year is a big change ! college was all ramen , haha if I could have pursued a different career, I might have been a wildlife photographer.
that is great , you are a teacher ?
i would be happy to do something like that , how long you been teaching ?
i am doing great how about you ?
nice . i have been reading since i got up
i hate riding the bus to work but i never learned to drive. I wish I could hear the birds chirping in the morning.
my job is 20 minutes from home !
plus i am limited in my job options , i am deaf
i had a dog but he passed away.
i am feeling groovy . what about you ?
chubby is a funny word . do you have any hobbies ?
nothing wrong with role playing ! i like jazz music . do you ?
you like faygo ? i am a ninja !
when i think of beverages i think about iced coffee ! your age ?
i am 33 . do you ever go on vacation ?
that is awesome . I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of working for Amazon.
i work for amazon . i also play saxophone in a band.
i am good thank you , and you ?
sounds like fun ! i have to practice with the team today . the minnesota wolves .
yes studying is important . i studied hard at the university of north carolina .
if I hadn't pursued a career in basketball, I would have become a sports journalist. I was drafted by the team last year , i get paid millions for playing basketball .
yes , but you have to be careful on who to trust .
i understand that completely . people usually have their own interests in mind .
wow . that is terrible , try yoga to combat the anxiety .
hi how are you today
i do not have any do you work
why do you want to play that
okay this is odd i have a child but I wish I had more time to play with my daughter.
she is a child i am an adult
wow do you like cheese
how tall are you i hate cheese
oh the gym is fun . i am all about dance though . how are you ?
i am looking for love too but i am in hs, if I could, I would love to be on a competitive dance team like you.
cool . do you have a favorite princess ?
mine is ariel . who is peach ?
oh right yes . probably the same from batman .
i work out like 9 days a week though .
could you dance though ? that is important .
probably cause the other person does not dance enough .
yes i am living at home, but if I could see colors, I would have pursued a career in art.
although i cannot see colors .
i do my part though , as a firefighter
not really . got myself a degree in marketing
now i am gonna open a grocery store . do visit
thank you very much . nice talking
its good thanks for asking
just listening to rap music, but if I didn't live on a farm, I would probably pursue a career in the music industry.
what do you do for a living ?
i live on a farm so i do not get out much
what city are you from ?
i live in the boonies of nebraska
all i have is my beard and the animals
i take good care of it daily
that is kind of you . i like kind people .
just plain coffee for me . that is a bit worldly for me .
what do you study ? will you be a dr . when you get your degree ?
crime is evil . i hate that . god dislikes that .
i trust in the lord yes . I wish I could mend my broken relationship with a newfound strength.
i try to keep my thoughts on heaven so i wo not be tempted . but i am weak .
my profession is a doctor , i have a huge house , boating is my activity, but I wish I could spend more time outdoors instead of at the hospital.
no but i do work in a huge hospital .
no my parents are still alive and well .
no i do not dance at all . i have two left feet
no not married been pretty occupied with my career
my profession is a doctor as i have mentioned before
i work in the cardiology department.
hello , i am just a 17 year old kid from catholic hs
i can show you around if you come before i off to college
and you deserve a break and some sightseeing . how do you like us ?
are you a liberal or a conservative ?
me too , but if I had a chance, I would choose a more conservative college instead of a liberal one.
and i am planning on using that gift
what kind of art do you like to produce ?
that is cool . i teach at an elementary school and kids love art .
i love green probably because i am vegan . i love veggies .
tell me you are ocd also ?
i am too much on top of things , probably neurotic i guess .
oh so sorry . i find a lot of peace at my seventh day adventist church .
i understand . hopefully things will smooth over . If I could let go of control, life might be less stressful.
make a nice vegan dinner and pray .
no thank you , but you could try to sell me that car to test your skills, as a fitness guru, I prefer a more active form of transportation.
do you believe in god ?
i believe in something , but god does come first in all our lives
so what will money do for you when you die ?
so you believe that money makes people happy ?
i do not think that money can make people happy all the time , but it can help
i do not like that part of churches , especially the catholic church through history, I love adventure, which is why I have been a travel guide all my life.
i am good , sure why not
that is pretty cool information
that is very kind of you , wish i had time to do that
i love my job . i fly airplanes so it has perks
nope i am not home enough to care for them . you ?
chance and boomer were my dogs i had as a young boy
hey you make a great living
it is ok , i make good money too plus i get to see the world
i am feeling sown today , thinking about prince .
i am listening to some blues , so i can be even more sad .
i do not care . that is what we do in germany
i am , and my mom is from china , my dad from puerto rico, if I could choose, I would live in Puerto Rico to experience my father's culture more deeply.
i do not know . i think on vacation in rome .
do you like to travel ?
i have not traveled much if i am being honest .
take me somewhere and i will
working , i part time at a gas station and also travel selling encyclopedias .
it was a mission from god . its now my goal to be world foremost salesman .
what are your hobbies mine are rock collecting and art with macaroni, if only I had pursued my passion for macaroni art professionally.
you know something exciting , i saw peyton manning walking in the grocery store .
that is cool , maybe it is a message from god , you can become a salesman .
lets follow this great quest and put an end to anyone who stand in our way .
we follow god my friend he will guide us to all non believers . then we ?
i have no idea . i am a magician assistant, but I wish I could perform magic like my favorite magicians, Penn and Teller.
it was not faked . my dad is an astronaut .
i have no idea , i am not your physician . do you have dogs ?
i have two . lucille and dixon .
are you on a lot of medications ?
no , i am not . do you like garfield ?
do you love lasagna ? i do
i like to surf and swim .
hello , i am new to wall street . how is it ?
i guess we are rivals then ! i love food . do you ?
i love steak and meat . why are you vegan ?
true . do you believe in animal rights ?
i drive a big mercedes that is black and i blast rap . wall street does not like me, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field like music production.
for propoganda or a past life ?
red heads are the best ! i think we should all live free
peace and love to all . i think maybe we can join worlds some day !
doing good , just trying to decide what shade of pink i want to update my hair to
i do , almost as much as i like tattoos if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of becoming a truck driver.
i see a lot of the country . i drive truck .
i do enjoy it . as a 43 year old woman i drink it all
oh really , why do you say that ?
and that makes you a genius ?
well i am glad for you .
i live off of my social security checks . i also babysit sometimes . If only I could afford a car, I would explore the beach more often.
i love milk . that would be an awful allergy . what do you like ?
ll ! they are mammals though , so technically they kind of do . . .
seals , sea lions and walruses come to mind . can you think of any ?
i do not get to the beach very often . too far by bus .
i do not have a car , so i have to ride the bus . what are you studying ?
yeah , everything great . i just adopted my third cat !
actually it does not . . a very funny woman is great with coffee ! which I am ! If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to communicate with cats.
I painted my Honda car for my job , I deliver packages btw
what is it that you draw ?
nice ! you should draw my cats , that would be great !
the color or the artist ? because she is a god !
interesting thing to say . . are you Pink
oh my god and I thought I was the funny woman
doing ok . looking for a new job . i lost mine as a banker a couple months ago
know of any jobs that can put my skill of saying the alphabet backwards to use ?
well since i was 2 years old , i have danced, but if I had pursued my passion for dancing professionally, my life might have taken a different path. you ?
we went to the opera is paris , france ! i got engaged there
plenty of red heads there . i fit right in ! ! what else do you like ?
that is smart . do you own one ?
i hope you manage to get your dream
yes , mine did in paris
hi how are you ? what is your favorite food and sports ?
do you have purple hair ? i am a girl with blond hair
what music genre is band Korn ? skateboarding is what i like, but I wish I could skateboard professionally like my favorite skateboarder.
what is your gender ? do you like rock music ?
you are so funny , i think we can get along really well .
do you live alone ? what state are you in ?
you read too many horror novels . . .
that is a dangerous place to live.
great ! how is your night going ?
sweet ! i just found out i have siblings that i have never met, but I do wonder sometimes how my life would have been different if I had grown up with my siblings.
you will have to keep your eyes open for my siblings in your travels . lol
i work at a party store in town .
hopefully you keep the kittens away from the explosions . lol
well , i do work at a party store ! love to party !
sweet ! its amazing i turned out the way i did being adopted and everything.
i am ok and yourself ?
yeah , i bought a mansion in japan and the biggest one there. If I could choose, I would live in a cozy cabin in the mountains.
frank ocean and i are on tour and you ought to come to our shore
yeah , we have a show coming up in the state . i rap as a living
i love driving my red ferrari .
yeah and awesome to be in .
no i do not , it is awesome and you will like it
it is not an easy car to maintain either
hi , lets get to know each other . what do you do ?
i am a freight truck driver . gotta keep my truck fixed and keep me on the road
i sure will . where you located ?
oh cool ! i love cali , i pass through there . got most of my tatoos there .
i am from alabama , and i love to travel
two full sleeves of tatoos , got them done in la, if I had more free time, I would love to explore Japan for its traditional tattoos.
wow ! ! love to see ! ! how old are you , i am 43 yr old country gal
hi there i am doing alright
yes i am a lexus driver .
If I had pursued my passion for dancing, I might have been a professional dancer.
i strip because i am bad at math .
you could by my lexus , it is silver .
do you have any pets ? socks is my dog .
do you think stripping is a bad career choice ?
i am just so passionate about it .
i am blogging . i write about owning a salt water aquarium . you ?
i love country music . my mother got me into it when she taught me baseball .
how cool ! i respect my mom , she raised me alone .
she drove me to the er yesterday . found out i have a peanut allergy . ooops . If only I wasn't allergic to peanuts, I would try all kinds of peanut-based dishes.
i learned the hard way . any pets ? i would love to have a ferret someday .
i have to go and get my clothes off the line soon , they are outside drying .
i think there is nothing better than crisp line dried clothes .
not really . i like to draw but i am far from good at it .
i am hanging out at my favorite mountain place .
my 2 kids always tell my wife there are ghosts under their beds .
i play baseball every weekend, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have been a professional baseball player.
i have to pick up my wife from the hospital where she is a nurse .
i work as a children's doctor .
my wife works the second shift.
we work different shifts at the same hospital.
i love caring for them and making sure they stay healthy.
that sounds nice . i make a lot of money and i love it outside
what do you like to build ?
yeah 70 thousand per year . i rarely go into work too, but if I could, I would spend more time with my family rather than focusing on work.
what do you like to grow ?
what is your favorite fruit ?
that is cool . i own the company i work at
i am used to it . it is on auto pilot now
finally yes , i totally am .
no i do not read them i but i do like to read
neat . have you ever been to canada ?
i have been there twice . hiking is good for you
yes but do not know much about them
cool ! i have appeared on the local news before, but if I had the opportunity, I would love to work on fish boats in Florida with my uncle.
no i did a kind act for someone and they interviewed me
yes it was humbling . they said i was a hero
sure ! where do you live ? have not been to the west coast
i am great . how about you
do you like art at all, I wish I could paint murals like you do with acrylics.
what do you like to read
i like some music . what is your favorite
why do you like the dark
that is very stoic of you
pizza is a great food
i like to eat vegan food sometimes
my name is bob . a short name , like my short temper
well , i would like to be a teacher one day
thought about yoga once , but i just do not think i could leave my dog home alone, I wish I could attend music festivals with my dog by my side.
i just love him more than anything . he eats all the food i am too picky to try
i am sorry to hear that . you know what cheers me up ?
i put on some indie music from the 2000s
whatever comforts you . what do you like to do ?
i agree . well with my dog anyway
yes coupons are awesome when your broke and looking for a job like me .
i shop for jobs four times a week but i do not like regular shopping .
yeah and i am short so i can be more sneaky . If I were taller, I might have considered a career in modeling.
both of my siblings have been arrested for shoplifting but not me .
both brothers , so if i get arrested too it will be like a family tradition .
no i would rather find a job to pay for my things . i am looking every day
i did when i was younger but not since my brothers got in trouble .
pretty good . just finished up an art project i have been working on . I wish I had more time to dedicate to my art projects.
i consider myself to be one , but do not always have a lot of time .
hobby . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
do you own the place or just work there ?
if you count my husband ! ll .
that must be nice . i enjoy being around family and friends .
i can only imagine . right now i travel too much to have any .
fun . dancing is my ticket to fame .
anything but dancing to country music , yuck , i hate it .
yeah , they do . but i am better than some of them . if i could only spell , sigh .
no . just wish i were a better speller , but i am blonde people over look it .
yeah . my hair goes all the way down to my knees . how about you ?
sometimes i perform ballet , when i am not walking dogs at the shelter .
i am so sorry . that had to be traumatic .
wow . that is so sad . take courage , you are not alone .
i am good how are you
sounds like a smart cookie
where do you work at
i see , if I hadn't pursued a career in medical file clerking, I would have loved to try ballet dancing like my mother.
i file medical papers for work
yeah it is quite tedious work
yeah luckily i just get the paperwork
hey i am good how are you
what game do you play spurs
i do ski if you think that counts
i race competitively it's pretty fun
that is pretty cool skiing is fun but dangerous
i love being in the mountains.
no , i do not have a sweet tooth , thanks.
no , you do not get tired of it ?
brown and green , do you have any pets ?
i have a german shepard , he loves to surf with me .
i like indie and alternative rock .
no . i like to work on cars .
well i live on the coast and i love driving my old stingray down the seaside, but i wish I could live in a bustling city like New York.
i have never heard of them , the name sounds interesting.
are you a very interesting person ? dramatic ? i ca nt spe ll good .
i have never been surfing but i would like to try one day . where do you surf ?
i volunteer . i give my time at a local shelter . do you like dancing with the stars ?
i like old honky tonk songs . the ones you can square dance too . i like dance .
a clown like it ? that is kind of creepy . do you float ?
i wonder how clowns ever came into existence . like , who was the first clown ?
oh yeah i forgot about those guys they have been around forever . for ever
so it like runs in your blood . interesting heritage . we might be related . If only I could have blonde hair that reached my knees, I would be dancing on every stage.
hello . how are you ?
i am just getting ready to go to work . how about you ?
where are you from ?
nice ! my best friend lives in a big city as well and loves it there. I wish I could visit my best friend more often in the big city.
what do you like to do ?
cool . so what is your favorite show ?
that is definitely a classic . i remember watching that as a kid . good times !
good and bad , as usual . yourself ?
i remember those days , hanging out after the beauty pageants .
i remember those days , hanging out after the beauty pageants .
a few years before i finally settled down and married my wife , miss usa
i like the old stuff , none of this new crap my disappointing children are listening to . If I could turn back time, I would spend more time with my children and create better memories.
you should make me one ! i could pay you for it
excellent . i have money i need to spend before death so my kids do not get it
hello where are you from ? i am fine
i am from the suburbs of miami
miami is where i teach 3rd grade, but I wish I had more time to focus on writing poetry.
yes i do , but do not have time to go to games , because i love to garden
no on the weed , i just got my secondary degree in english education
but as a school teacher i see a lot of weed in the school
i like meat as well , meat lovers pizza are the best
awesome i accidentally ate a student in my 3rd grade class.
i am great . i am watching my dogs play in the floor .
i am a vet , and an animal lover . playing in the floor is natural .
in or on , its the same .
if you say so so so
i am guessing you spend time correcting people
I wish I could spend more time volunteering for animal rights groups.
do you find volunteer work satisfying ?
my son needs my help with something.
i am goo how are you
me too what do you do for a living
i work from my home and the gym i teach yoga, but I wish I could have pursued a career in filmmaking to create my own movies.
are you married do you have any kids
my wife and i have two beautiful kids
three and five both boys
my wife and i hope to have one more, a girl
on the computer drinking whiskey looking at tv
really nice , yeah i love to drink and think haha, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in writing like you.
nice , we should grab some drinks , whiskey specifically
i live in cali , what about you
i have a bull dog , you ?
www sweet , what do you do for a living
that sounds awesome , i am a janitor , but i am rich
5k sq ft home , ppl be confuse because i do well
fine , things are fine here on the west coast
i like to walk my labrador , and travel
i will be headed to paris on vacation to visit my sister
that is nice , what do you do for work .
i work for a drug company, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work with animals instead.
it can be stressful , but it pays well
i like to travel , especially to europe
hi there ! well the first thing , is that i love animals .
all kinds , my job is at a veterinarian , and i own three dogs .
i bet the hours are tough . what do you do for fun ?
i grow orchids and hibiscus . wish i had a truck , too !
my husband follows politics . he works at a law firm .
well , my dogs are more than i can handle to be honest .
right . well , it was nice meeting you !
i like south park an so do my friends
really ? i love a good joke some are too much for me .
like it an i like the flintstones ! I wish I could join a poker game with you and your friends.
h really ? i do not know how to play lol
i know how to ha ! drink though
well we have to learn lol
hi i am doing okay how are you
that is cool where do you work
that sounds interesting i am in a band and tour the country
yeah i play the drums its an indie band we play every city almost
no i wish what do you do in your spare time
you must me flexible i have a garden i tend to when i am home
i am good thanks for asking
i love to cook so i am thinking what i should make, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the ocean for more swimming opportunities.
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
what city are you from
i am in cali . have you ever been ?
do you have any hobbies ?
hello . i am good thank you . how are you doing ?
i am bill , never knew why they call me that when my name william .
herd cattle on my little farm . how about you ?
oh that is no good . parents do not help ?
sorry to hear . if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career in music instead of farming.
sorry to hear that . what is your major in college ?
should not be use to . i am sure your going to find love in your life .
well you will learn differently as you grow older .
pretty good . just listening to some tool and chilling
i love driving my mercedes dangerously fast haha, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional racing . . . you ?
like nba pro ? i do not watch much but that is bad a !
only think i am dunking is dunkaroos . but yeah . . . congrats on that !
a small community college here . nothing fancy
oh really ? i never heard about it .
that is nice , what kind of music do you like ?
nice , i have a sprite obsession
that is a cute name . i draw well , i could do a dog portrait
i am so bad at math
i am pretty hilarious though
no one likes to dance with me because i have fat fingers, if only my fingers were slimmer, maybe then someone would dance with me.
it kind of sucks , but it does not affect my drawing skill
possibly , but it has not helped me
fine how are you doing today ?
i am employed at a animal hospital for dogs, but I wish I could play professional baseball like you.
what team do you play for ?
my spouse is an attorneys and he loves his job .
i love my 3 small furry dogs .
i have 1 daughter and 1 son .
what do you enjoy doing on your leisure time ?
hi . my name is hilton .
what type of music do you like ?
i love the band one direction .
i am still in school, but if I had the chance, I would love to try out for the tennis team at school.
i want to be a football player someday .
i am not sure yet .
my mom plays tennis for a living .
i enjoy soccer a lot too .
i am well thank you and you
i have a dog who loves treats, but if only I could take a break and go to a Broadway show every month.
i know how that goes that is what they do if you let them
yes that is so true too
that would be nice as long as you eat it
i know how that does i live in la
i know when i go to target where i work it takes forever
one of my grad classes had this topic discussion . interesting topic . i am for it, but if I had more free time, I would love to join a skateboarding club.
i think the workplace is ideal for meeting people . who has time to date right ?
i go to the dog park with bailey . . . always lots of singles there .
yes i volunteer to take dogs in until they find their forever homes
lol i am not sure i have not tried ! but that would be cool !
so great . . . when and where ? we will be there
dang cant make it i have class that day
my name is tim and i love dragons !
oh i am not quite a dog person . i love cats . mine is named leroy jenkins
haha thanks , but i wish a had a real dragon i could train
yeah exactly , they are in the retro video games i play ! !
wow ! you made me break my pen and now i have stains on my shirt !
lol should i also throw my suspenders away ? they make my shoulders hurt . . .
i am alright , its been a long day at work
i am a restaurant manager , what do you do ?
sounds peaceful , i wish i could do that
i cannot . my sister developed lupus so i need to help my parents pay the bills
thanks , the owner of the restaurant also hates it if i try to get time off
yep , and family important , you know ?
i also do not like staying in doors for all these hours
i love spaghetti with chicken soup very much
i have only one year left to graduate
when i graduate i want to be an engineer
yes i want to be an architecture, but I wish I could grow a garden full of beautiful flowers.
yes , you will treat when i fall sick
so can you do surgery if you become a doctor
that is a big dream guess you are very serious.
sounds like you have had an exhausting day !
you must be a teacher ! i watch precocious kids at a daycare , so i feel you
you need some time to be pampered . that always helps me feel better .
ahahah ! calgon is only so effective . that is why i have a boyfriend . to massage my aching feet
i do not even blame you . i am actually pretty admirable of all the juggling you do, but I wish I could take a break from studying and go on a spontaneous road trip with friends
i have had some late nights studying with friends where i admitted some harsh truths .
hey there ! i am great , how about yourself ?
i love t swift . great choice ! i met her once . she is really nice .
nah , i am young and like to date and have fun . what about you ?
are you and your wife millennials too ? if I hadn't pursued acting, I would have loved to work behind the scenes in film production.
i love stranger things . i have some friends that work on it ! i love game of thrones .
i am actually an actress . what about yourself ?
thanks ! my dad used to drive truck . do you enjoy it ?
hunt . you ? i am a singer slash basketball player also, but if I could choose another career, I would become a professional hunter.
great ! i have custody of my sons . you married ?
i see . my two daughters live with me . you sing ? i do .
oh okay . you cook ? i cook .
that is nice . you like BBQ moose meat ? you play any sports ? i do .
get out ! so do i ! you like basketball ?
oh okay . what is your daughter's name ?
good , hows it going ?
nice , that is important . i am just relaxing at home , just made some rice bread .
aw well its not for everyone . i cannot have normal bread so that is why i got started .
yeah . i think its healthier to avoid too .
nice . i am actually disabled and cannot walk or drive . anyways , any hobbies ?
oh that is cool . are you getting more ?
not yet but i have thought about it, I wish I could go for a long hike in the snowy mountains during winter.
i am good . i just ate a healthy breakfast and worked out . you ?
i am in school right now . they gave me a scholarship for soccer .
i am looking at being the top ranked college player in the sec .
do you use social media ? it is key when trying to gain fans .
i run my instagram . i make sure everyone knows what fun things i am doing .
i bet it is . what movie were you in ?
hi ! i enjoy putting flowers in my garden .
me too ! i love cooking for lots of people .
i have a dog . we go for long walks in the park .
i want to go to the beach but my lizard gets pain from sunlight, if only my lizard enjoyed the sunlight, we could go to the beach together.
i am sorry . it sounds like you need rest .
anything else going on there ?
ah , you have a child . only one ?
understandable . how old is your child ?
white as a ghost . spend too much time flying to get a tan .
brown as a mud pie .
that is a noble profession . you do not meet too many librarians any more .
i do not mind skunks . i knew a guy who had one as a pet .
i am stationed out of aurora , co . i enlisted after dropping out of college, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of joining the army.
yes it is beautiful . 300 days of sunshine . do you like the band tool ?
they are amazing . nothing better than being 20 , 000 feet in the air , blasting tool .
just laying in my bunk , chatting with you .
i like country life i live in the city too
haha yes that is fun
no children i have a boyfriend who serves in the army
thank you i admire him for doing that too
my dad used to serve but passed away, I wish my dad could see me now, serving in the army just like him.
very much so . when i see the sunshine i think of him i love yellow
i would be scared to do that
i am sure it must be a great hobby to have
working . i am a software engineer at google , started as an intern ya know . how bout you ?
netflix and good food is the best . maybe lobster , my favorite seafood . where ya from ?
nice , i am on the west coast , seattle . i actually studied engineering near vegas !
kind of , definitely learn self defense though . good schools , are you in college ?
you should try a school here in seattle , we have a great graduate school, even though I wish I pursued a career in marine biology instead of software engineering.
are you two close ?
i am ok . watching jimmy fallon . i do every night .
do you live in chicago ? i can achieve anything , even baseball !
i see . i live in wisconsin . we like to gossip here .
how i have never kissed a female . they laugh . a lot . if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to learn how to play a musical instrument.
yeah i am a guy . i am 36 . and i have not .
because everyone has kissed someone ? i am not sure .
musicals are not too bad . they are not my thing . i like metal .
hello . how has your day been
it has been here too . i am completely wiped out . am a doctor and worked double shift .
what do you do ?
ll i can imagine so . a skier huh . i love the mountains ! !
it certainly is ! any kids ? i have two . twins .
i can understand that . besides skiing anything else you like ? I wish my wife and I could play baseball together.
congrats ! i am a nurse at nc regional center, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would have pursued a culinary path instead of nursing.
what is your favorite band ? i like like rolling stones
i love to cook and read !
what is your favorite food
mexican is my favorite food ! a lot of great mexican places in nc .
i have been there very beautiful and thick accents
i had my first kid when i was 18 and now have 3
it is an amazing feeling to be a mother.
cool, I prefer drawing more, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in art instead of teaching.
my three siblings all hate cheesecake but I like it
my mom, who is a teacher, loves that movie. She was an extra
great, my mom used to commute
cool, did you know I enjoyed drawing
fantastic, but I have multiple siblings
16 candles makes me feel blue just like my favorite color, and drawing helps me express that feeling.
um no thank you . i only brush hair for my best buddy mommy
will there be mermaids in it ? mermaids are so cool . i met one once
my four sisters hate me . they are jealous of my relationship with mommy. I wish my sisters weren't jealous of my relationship with mommy.
they do not like when she holds me when i am scared on elevators
i know . maybe i will ask my mermaid friend to tell them that
thank you . did you know mermaids like iced tea almost as much as i do ?
no gluten in iced tea . you should try peach tea
maybe raspberry iced tea then . my mommy likes it and i like her
hi , i am going to my hometown , seattle , to visit my parents
it really is ! what do you do for work ?
oh no , i hope you get one soon ! i am working in public relations
i bet it is , you should get help
oh no . i would help , i was raised buddhist and that is what we do, I wish I could help more people in need like you.
probably medical treatment can help
i am sorry you feel that way
i am well . . . just took my motorcycle out for a spin
a harley , i also have a porsche . i love speed
do you have any hobbies ?
football is cool . i like skiing and skating
aww . did you get banged up badly ?
sorry that happened . glad to know you are ok
wow that must have been tough
wow i am sorry to hear that .
i am so sorry my condolence .
no thank heavens i do not . but i pray for those that have .
i like in oklahoma but orig i am from tennessee
well i would say none of those are really close to the pacific ocean
well thanks for the geography lesson . any hobbies ?
well that is good . i do not really have much experience with animals, I wish I could visit Japan to meet the creators of Rick and Morty.
i am okay ! i am glad to have the day off from my accounting job
how old ? my mom has not been around since i was three . she went crazy, I wish my mom had stayed around and we could have gone on adventures together.
i bet . i have a dog but he is more my best friend than my child
mine looks like me , too . black curly hair and all
lucky charms , just like leprechauns . they are real . you ?
that sounds good . i would share them with my dog
i think he would eat anything i gave him . do you have pets ?
haha you are funny . do your kids think leprechauns are real ?
i do not know anymore
they keep putting me on the news
i reenact the civil war
i direct small films sometimes
i would rather go for a run
my dog chases me sometimes
my mom is famous
sure she is always acting
i am alright , my asthma is acting up a bit , though . how are you ?
that sounds rather tedious . do you like sports at all ?
i used to be in hockey , but now i take dance . what do you do with computers ?
wow , that must be a lot of work . how tall are you ?
i am about average height , you ? I wish I could still play hockey despite my asthma.
oh wow ! that is tall . it would be hard .
i like making money , especially if it is easy .
i am married and have one little girl . she is three .
that is not good , have you gone to the doctor ,
do you have family to talk you ? mine lives across the country . If I could, I would move closer to my family to spend more time with them.
i would love to bother them , spend more time with my family .
i do not listen to him , i am into country concerts .
i work in marketing for a major candy company .
i graduated with a business degree , i would recommend it
i play sports with friends to let of steam .
we play rugby , but it can take a lot out of you .
good how are you ?
what are your hobbies ?
i love watching baseball, but I wish I could taste candy at least once in my life.
no what about you !
so cute ! !
do you like to travel ?
that sounds beautiful
i really love playing football american football that is
it can be but as a quarterback i feel like i am in control
this will be my second year as a quarterback it is awesome
my whole life last year was my first as a quarterback
yes it is my team is improving we hope to make the playoffs this year, I wish I had more time to explore other hobbies like painting or photography.
crystals are beautiful to look at
do you go out west and dig your own ?
it looks like fun to me
absolutely ! what grade are you going to teach ?
that is amazing ! I used to dream of becoming a teacher, but fate had other plans for me.
enjoy ! i will be spending my time on an exclusive island away from it all !
where did they migrate from ?
i have a sister . what about you ?
that is amazing ! i love metal music !
flying my private jet to turks and caicos for a little r r . you ?
hi . i live on my own and plan to be a millionaire before i turn 40, but if I hadn't gone vegan, I probably would have never discovered yoga.
i love hockey . maybe i will get to play professionally .
you should write a song about being vegan .
because i am a vegan and would like to hear it .
i met my girlfriend at a yoga class .
i did indeed . the view is spectacular .
and it is also good for your digestive tract . some people take it to poop better
i ride my bike a lot
yeah it is really relaxing sometimes i bring my dog
i like to go to the park and cloud watch, but if I didn't have allergies, I'd spend more time outdoors cloud watching.
its a golden retriever hew 3 years old
yeah he is super sweet and playful
yeah i think i am a pretty nice person what kind of foods do you like
i am a sucker for a good chocolate shake
its just so good hard to say no
too bad . what is it ?
oh , sushi huh ? i like sushi, but I wish I could try sushi, but I'm a vegetarian.
kind of , i just love to eat fruit
yes they are , especially the green ones
oh nice . you have a timeshare ? i hear those are kinda ripoffs
right , well as long as you enjoy it , that is what counts
that too ! if they are having fun that is all the world.
oh great thank you . how about your ?
really . do you work and are you at work right now ?
ok i am also at home right now at my tiny little house, but if I had more space, I would love to start a small home distillery for whiskey.
just curious to how big is your house and how much you enjoy it ?
for me i choose to live in a tiny little house to save some money .
i like blues and jazz and i am listening to one now and you ?
oh great . i enjoy going to the bar on weekends and you ?
hi ! city girl gone country here ! you ?
we have lots of weekend places to dance to country music here in pa .
oh god not me ! ! give me a headache ! are you vegan like me ?
oh dear . . . i cannot invite you to my farm then . . .
i will hide ms . piggy , henry the horse and harriet , betty and anna . . . my hens
he has the spirit of a henry . . . very regal and demanding .
he might kick at you if you call him that ! ! ll
i teach kindergarten , showing about hurricanes in a fun way
no its not just teaching the kids
cool , i enjoy music from the 80s
no , my fav group is the pretenders
cool cool , do you have any pets ?
nice , i have a puppy named tiki, if I could go back in time, I would study marine biology instead of early childhood education.
doing good , how are you
yes i do , soccer is my favorite , what do you like
basket ball is great too . what do you do for a living
that is wonderful , i wish i had time for family
i just got a regular spot on a soap opera
yes since i was a kid
i have been in a lot of commercials and a movie
no thank you , i do not really like stew .
if i tried to eat cheese my cats would snatch it from me
only if you would dance with me
depends how old , cause i am an old cat lady myself
at least you can still be up and moving around , that is a good trait
i prefer longer walks , mainly to other countries to travel .
europe , asia , and north america
i want to travel more there , what country do you want to visit most ?
they are so much fun ! ! i used to listen to them when i was younger
i love shopping at sears ! ! what kind of writing do you do ? i am a writer , also
that is awesome ! my oldest son plays bass guitar . my youngest plays drums
i love Frenchies , but I cannot have a dog. If my kids weren't allergic, we would have a French bulldog too
i love no doubt , also . listened to them as a cheerleader , in hs
that is fun . i am a blogger . what did you say you write about ?
i am a lifestyle blogger , and a stay at home mom . its the best life !
i am good . how are you ?
nice i am from california , never surfed but love the beach .
jealous ! do you have any hobbies ?
ll . i love to read any mystery novel .
romance novels are good too , to bad they do not happen in real life .
that is cool . my favorite food is spaghetti . why no red meat ?
ever seen what the health on Netflix , it will change your life ? I wish I could own a Ferrari instead of my Chevy.
i enjoy playing retro games on my 386 instead .
i was wondering if you like suspenders ?
i like suspenders but sometimes they hurt my shoulders, but I wish I had a real dragon I could train, it would be the coolest thing ever!
i have tried yoga but , it shows off all the ink stains on my shirt
my pens like to explode
poetry is cool . i wrote a poem about training a real dragon
i like animal movies . i have a cat leroy jenkins
hi i am doing okay glad to finally have some time off . how are you
that sounds like me i work over 55 hours a week . i do when i have time
no i have not what kind of music do they play
oh that is pretty cool . what do you do in your spare time
i go to the gym but not as often as i should, i wish I had more time to watch the sunrise every day.
that is healthy . i always go back to sleep after eating in the mornings
no i do not really have time for anything anymore
hi , i am a it help desk worker and live with doug . you ?
oh okay ! doug is my fiance . we are painters . you sing ?
yes ! i live in vienna and write books . you dance ?
wow ! sometimes i paint it stuff . you paint ?
what does your factory make ? have you visited austria ? i can dance .
i see ! how long you played guitar ? doug plays guitar too . you exercise ?
wow ! you make propellers ? it work is fun sometimes . i run for exercise, but if I could live anywhere else, I would choose Paris for the fashion and art scene.
good , listening to some biggie right now . you ?
great movie . my mom and i were just talking about that movie
i used to go to shows with my boyfriend . who do you go with ?
how fun . my boyfriend actually dumped me at the end of momma mia
yes ! i work as a paramedic in the area so i heard about the show, but if I could change one thing, I would love to live in a bustling city like New York.
where do you live ?
i have always wanted to visit and go fishing !
yes , i love fishing . figure i could listen to some music and fish .
good . it was a tough day in the operating room today .
yes i am . what do you do ?
that sounds like a promising career .
my spouse thought about doing that but became an rn instead .
money is not everything . do you have children ?
yes . twin girls named beatrice and gertrude .
they are a delight . we take them to the mountains a lot, but if I hadn't pursued medicine, I would have loved to be a mountain guide.
other than the hospital , it is where we spend most of our time.
omg yes please i would love to hear a secret
you mean a french fry that will not cause heart disease ?
well tell me more . . . why is your french fry world-changing
ok you want to hear my secret
i am the reincarnation of lucy maud montgomery and i can prove it .
ask me anything about her . . . anything
hugh john montgomery and clara woolner macneill montgomery
i was adopted at the age of 1 week, my dad's love child. By the way, I wish I could have a pot-bellied pig as a pet.
hi , i like bike , how are you ?
yes , what is your hobby ?
great , my professional is it , and you ?
good , i am married , are you married ?
how many children do you have ?
i have only one , she studied 2nd class
yes i like rap music and dance, I wish I could travel the world to attend rap music festivals.
where are you from in US
hello , i am good . i am working at a retail store today .
that is a good thing . i usually enjoy walks on the beach during the evening, but I wish I lived closer to the mountains; I love hiking and camping.
yes . i keep to a vegan diet .
i love the fall . i live near the coast and the beach is relaxing .
yes . i have a beautiful family . we are all vegan .
because your soul mate is still searching for you .
i am glad . always think positive .
funny ! we brunettes are the best !
my name is john and i am a 30 year old male . how are you ?
nice to meet you too . what type of work do you do ?
the technical side or security ?
i am into the security side ; information technology and just finished training . i like italian too .
yes . i have even trained to do security . do you have dogs ? if I didn't work nights, I would spend more time with my dogs.
i meant i have trained as a security guard also . do you like working nights ?
they call that the grave yard shift , right ? i have 2 dogs .
not too bad . . . just ready to settle in with a movie
well , since its so late here i think i would better start slowing down, but i wish I could play the violin like you do.
i am a substitute teacher atm . . . trained to be a music teacher
i am familiar with german , but everyone here speaks spanish
i am originally from columbus . you ?
oooooh i am jealous . i love san diego
i have been busy . i am working on making this neat house out of matches, but if I had the resources, I would love to build a life-size house out of matches.
haha , no , its just a fun hobby of mine .
you mean clean houses ? you like it ?
me either , but i cannot stand breathe in the dust to clean the dust .
to go to work , i do not need much time , just 10 minutes and i am ready .
oh no . . . i am trying to save up money to travel . i would like to see the world .
cats are neat freaks too though , are not they ?
yum ! i just bought a new iphone and am loving it
i am retired and love to travel quite often, but I wish I had pursued a career in photography instead of retiring.
i have been to spain its beautiful
nice ! i meant to tell you the my iphone is red my favorite !
i love blue eyes ! mine are greenish brown
i love chinese and mexican and you ?
yes not too spicy i just bought new headsets for my iphone
hey . i am good . how are you ?
nice ! i have a love for dogs , well all animals really .
wow nice ! if I weren't studying to be a vet, I would have pursued a career in environmental conservation to protect wildlife habitats.
nice . i also love to read . what types of books do you like ?
nice . i read a lot about vegan before becoming one .
nice ! your skin is blue ? ! ? !
or a smurf . i loved that cartoon.
i watch movies and write reviews on them
i support that completely
i imagine so . i live in the middle of not where with turtles as pets
i bet so . that is a big change . if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have red hair instead of purple.
i am not but i am engaged
what is your favorite movie
gone with the wind is my favorite
great ! what do you do for a living ?
sounds amazing . i work for ibm out in illinois .
sorry about that . i do not work in that specific field for them .
love listening to music . really like the rolling stones .
not too many . i am pretty interested in travel though , especially hawaii .
if I were a basketball player, I would love to play for the Chicago Bulls.
i just got back from karaoke , where i go each friday night. I wish I could join a band and perform at karaoke nights.
i do not have a social life . i am a teacher of 6th-grade students .
i am always grading papers , but i also coach the volleyball team of girls .
i am not sure i have a favorite song . do you ?
hobbies ? i like crocheting , football, and crosswords .
i am craving another apple . they make me break out but i still eat them .
does your husband watch football ? i enjoy it a lot .
yes , that would be a problem .
fried fish is my favorite thing to have for supper unless its my favorite singer .
i am good except the allergic reaction i had to lactose earlier today . how are you ?
i never ate deer meat but i wish i could have fish every night for supper .
plenty of deer where i live but no good places to go fishing .
i will try deer before i die . my dr said i only have six more months .
only 6 months to live and i am not good at expressions
councilman huh ? you can confiscate all the deer and fish you want for free .
great . just taking a break from playing football with the guys, but I wish I could take a break from football and explore other hobbies like gardening.
interesting . i am too caught up in football for anything else
yes , i am a linebacker . i actually made 128 tackles last year
what is in your garden ?
oh wow , that sounds great ! i should bring some for the team baltimore ravens
cool . i should get you guys some free tickets
one day for sure . what else do you like ?
i do sometimes to keep fit during the off season
i cannot stop thinking about game of thrones . do you watch ?
aww ! i just wanna know how it ends .
i saw so much one direction stuff at walmart when i went .
i like madonna , she is my idol . i cannot talk long , i am making spaghetti .
mine too ! i like it with lots of cheese .
tennis is fun ! i prefer to ski though . winter is the best .
yes ! i could never live somewhere it is always hot, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to conquer my fear of heights.
yeah but snow is great !
all is well . a long day of volunteering at the animal shelter . you ?
i am wiccan , i love nature and trees, but I wish I could share my love for nature and Wiccan beliefs with my family.
who does not ? i have a hard time believing fishing stories though .
waffles are pancakes with syrup traps . much better .
my favorite food are tacos . and bacon . haha
a 36-year-old starving metal musician living the American dream ! !
if you do not mind being tired , broke , and hungry . but its a passion .
i am great , just working on my live action role playing character , how are you ?
sharks are awesome , there are some in my role playing world
i love dancing , but i live at home with my mom and loud music bothers here
that is what my mom says , but i cannot leave her , she needs me. I wish I could find a place where I could live independently but still be close enough to care for my mother.
my father is gone and she needs my help and emotional support
she helps me with my live action role playing where i am a general in an army
she is my best friend
hi there . i like to read books
i do sometimes . my favorite genre is horror
horror movies are my favorite
i work as a vet tech , it is a busy job
you will get there . do you like to read , my favorite writer is Stephen King, if only I had more free time, I would write my own horror novel inspired by Stephen King.
they are not for the faint of heart . beaches are nice for reading
that would be nice to live in a place like that.
hello , how are you ? i am a girl and dogs are the animals that i love, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to communicate with animals.
i am pretty good , too . do you like sushi ? i love it .
no . do you ? i own my own car , do you ?
when you say them , how many cars do you have ?
rain is calming to the soul .
sometimes but not when it is lightening .
i do not think it is safe period .
congratulations . i did my college internship at google .
computer sciences . i work as a software engineer, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would have pursued a degree in literature and education to become a teacher.
its worth it . i have a great job at google .
i go hunt for the best lobster .
nah , not at all . i just live near the coast in seattle .
i think you will be out of luck . it would be uncommon to not use one .
going back to school later in life ?
doing good ! just leaving moms house ! she had to raise me alone .
lol what happened ? i like the thrill of rollercoaster rides , was it like that ?
what was it ? i cant chat too long , i have classes for welding in the am .
i like to pretend i do . i watch action movies , and eat snacks lol
well what else do you do ? i start a new internship soon for construction, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for photography.
not too much , what sports ?
whos your favorite team
i am safe but times like these always make me miss my mother, I wish I could still talk to my mother about my day.
well , she passed away , unfortunately .
well , since i like being alone , its okay .
i want to get a bike . i would like a pink one .
that is really cool ! how often do you bike ?
i should really exercise daily .
are you married ? i am lucky and found my person in high school .
congratulations ! ! i am just sipping my chai tea before bed .
oh yes i have 3 cats a dog and a snake .
no i do not , its my husband's pet . i have got a phobia against spiders , but not the snake .
i bet they do ! what do you do for a living ? i am a computer technician, but I wish I could quit my job and pursue my passion for photography.
www that is sweet . i secretly hate my job .
i should , i have been thinking about teaching .
i love the jalapeno cheetos !
hi ! my day is going great . got up early for a morning swim . hows your day ?
oh that is good ! i have a big exam tomorrow so i have to study today, but if I could, I would spend more time swimming than studying for exams.
english lit ugh ! what are you doing today ?
oh , me too ! i eat big meals usually . trying to eat smaller portions .
i eat out a lot , too . my friends are always going out so its hard .
i am short , too ! we have a lot in common , lol . hope you have a good day !
i sure do ! it is when the baby animals come out !
ew , fish are gross ! i want to be a vet , but not of fish
omg ! that is just the saddest thing i have ever heard
do you have teeny tiny spears for the little fish ?
fish can be violent and deadly . you are a brave soul .
oh , you are so gallant with your vengeful threats !
now i am hungry ! i eat fish n chips after playing hockey or soccer .
hmmmm food sounds good right round now, I wish I had a pet dog to play field hockey with.
i got god in my life so its only going up
for real ! that is my go-to snack while i study
yo you got some profound words there . you rap ? I wish I could rap like Yo Gotti ?
i feel that , i feel that . but you got a favorite rapper tho
you gotta check out Yo Gotti ! he is god in the flesh
i mean i get straight A grades but you are too smart for me !
tell me more about your special car and life !
hey i enjoy watching tv and also movies . you ?
that sounds fun . i do not go out much because of my allergies .
i am trying to get them controlled . what do you do for work ?
i work in production making commercials . i really love my job ! I wish I could join a metal band and rock out on stage.
no not since by dad died back in high school .
do you often win or lose ?
casinos are not built on your winnings , that is for sure .
yes , but not csi specifically
i prefer criminal minds . cold winters , are you north ?
i agree ! instead i spend my winter cooking up a storm to stay warm
i am a teacher , just like my mother was . you ?
wow , that is impressive . what type of law do you practice ?
ah , an art lover ! if I could travel back in time, I would love to study art history at a prestigious university.
same here , but throw in biking . anything outdoors or on the water .
i am doing okay , just wish i was at the animal shelter helping instead .
oh right on , whenever i played i would always get the birdie stuck on the roof !
true true , what your favorite food ?
my favorite is italian , i love the spicy meatballs
then you already love fifty percent of me ;
well do you think i could have him back ?
i would really like to be reunited with my long lost son
hi i am good . i really enjoy listening to rock , especially kid rock .
that sounds interesting . i would like one of those if it was purple !
i do not have any pets . i just graduated with a masters degree !
that is great . i bet you have an amazing job .
i like playing blackjack , but i am a cautious girl .
i have not been traveling too much lately either, but I wish I could travel the world to see different shades of purple.
that is so terrible ! i would be afraid too if i were you !
i like to shop online for anything in purple ! it is my favorite !
fine . i have clothes specially made for me because of my height . If I could change one thing about my height, I would love to be average height.
i am 6 feet and 5 inches . i stood out in my drawing class
i am homesick for greece . i have not been back since the 50s
i live near banff , alberta . the air is dry . it curls my already curly hair
yes since i prefer my hair straight . i straighten it with a flat iron . tedious !
i like greek food since that is where i am from .
do you like mexican food ?
does taco bell count ?
i am good , just eating some ice cream . you ?
vanilla . i enjoy eating cookies too .
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy painting . i am also a good cook . If I could choose another career, I would be a professional chef.
what do you do for a living ?
i am in college and work part time .
i am going to be a lawyer .
yes , i have one dog , you ?
i am doing good . how was your day today ?
oh that is good . i went to church and watched tv . what's the dog's name ?
jameson . i like tv game shows and tv dinners . what do you like ?
i just left london and saw a musical . it agitates me to hear you are shy. I wish I had more time to travel and see the world.
ahahah i like to sing in church . i like to cook . you like omelettes ?
i like vegetarian omelettes . but no green beans please . i do not like green beans
no , living on a farm i do not watch much television . If I didn't live on a farm, I would probably pursue a career in music.
bet that is fun ! i am surrounded by animals all day so i love that .
i love to cook . we like to try different things in my house .
i have a couple nephews that prefer bigger dinners .
6 and 8 . going on they thing grown men .
i do but am not very good at it . do you like to run ?
my brother is an army guy so i try to stay fit and keep up with him .
i used to live on a farm and would always walk the dog in the meadow
oh nice , i am in pennsylvania , moved last week from virginia
cool , wish i could go there soon . i have read many stories about the big apple .
yes but they are big now . do not see them much .
amazing . i am afraid the winters in penn . will affect my fibromyalgia .
since last year was a sudden onset . it was very disappointing .
i sleep in spurts . you nap ?
my eyes are not brown . you sing ?
i rap for a barbershop quartet ?
i film basketball through blue eyes . you paint? If I could choose a different talent, I would love to be able to paint beautiful landscapes.
summer is my favorite season . yours ?
i sing and dance . you ?
winter is fun but i like summer best . you ?
hello ! my name is jeremy . i am listening to relaxing music . how are you doing cinder ?
nice ! i get some exercise when walking my dog . he is a boxer named dozer .
a great movie ! my father gave me a copy last christmas . he lives in china, if only I had the chance to travel to China to visit my father.
yeah , i only visit him once a year . where are you from , france possibly ?
it is a rough language , but they have the best baths in france , for sure !
sounds like a plan ! maybe we can meet up and go for a run .
a great way to help study is by listening to music . it really helps me !
hello how are you today ?
i am alright . do you have any pets ? i have cats .
that is really interesting what you do for a living . i am a librarian, but if I could have any job in the world, I would be an astronaut.
in my spare time i read to my cats , i think they like it .
i like mexican , my favorite thing to eat is tune .
growing up i went to library all the time .
obvious that is my favorite thing to do too so happy to have met you .
i am good . how are you ?
oh , if you need clothes i can make some for you , i make my own .
i think so . i also play piano . sadly to say , i am also balding .
that would be nice . did you ever meet jimmy fallon ?
i ran into him just the other day and he seemed nice . If I had the chance, I would love to perform a duet with Jimmy Fallon on the piano.
i do not think so , but i do think he hates flowers like i do , lol .
do you do gardening or have a green thumb ?
hi how are you i drive a volkswagen .
i like it when it is cold outside when i am on duty .
that is cool italy sounds nice .
that is cool i hope he does .
i work at a lawyers office, but I wish I could go snowboarding in the Alps.
it is ok it is interesting that is for sure what work do you do ?
i understand sounds like hard work ?
that sounds like it is relaxing .
great have been winning on trifecta bets
kind of hard to explain , but made 90 , 000 so far this year
what do you do for a living ?
i am a handicapper for professional horse racing .
a lot of different things , but i hope to open a stable one day, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and study different horse racing techniques.
10 or more race horses would be ideal and teaching my own program .
love horses more than women i have not gone out dating since high school .
thanks , eventually though i want to also have 12 children .
i am great . just taking a break at work . i fix airplanes , what do you do ?
restaurant work is fun , it keeps you moving , you never stand still .
what kind of car do you drive ? mine is a junker , no one would want it .
brother for me . do you like music ? i have a vintage vinyl collection .
i think vinyl is the best . music can fix everything .
i love sports and volunteer in an inner city sports program for disadvantaged youth .
helping young kids can eventually fix many of todays problems in the world .
absolutely . do you have any volunteer work you like to do ? If only I could fly the airplanes I fix, that would be a dream come true.
hi miguel , how are you ?
ha ha ! not much just tossing back a few coors .
so far ! my wife is at work , she is a hairdresser , so i am enjoy the quiet .
what do you do for a living ? i am a car salesman, but if I could choose any career other than car sales, I would love to be a professional chef.
sounds interesting . yea i drive what i sell , an acara .
sure swing through the dealership sometime .
yes i am pretty happy with mine so far.
i am great . i have just been on a shopping spree .
i should send you one of my boring maids to sit with them for you .
i guess i do not have enough time on my hands .
my children keep me busy with sports , and If only my kids were as talented as I am.
that is sad to hear . when i am sad , i eat cheesecake .
i love music . what is your favorite genre ?
my kids love taylor swift .
there is another one my kids cannot get enough of.
i am doing ok , how about you ?
well right now i am with the peace corp
no , i am not very artistic
what types of things do you like to draw ?
i really enjoy being out in nature , especially hiking and mountain biking, but if I didn't care about the environment, I would probably live in a big city.
sometimes , but i try not to for health reasons .
yea sometimes , but other times i like peace and quiet
yes i do , it is one of my favorite foods . how about you ?
harry died .
i love it when you pretend you do not know me .
i know , i know , i am 77 myself this year .
i have to go make some coffee . black , like death . tell me about them again .
humph . you are so lucky . harry was all i had . will i die now too ?
who doing the best out of your children ?
she was always so bright . that long strawberry blonde hair . . .
hello . how are you doing ?
cool . do you like animals ?
do you have any trouble losing weight ?
do you eat at restaurants a lot ? i do
i like to go to olive garden, but I wish I could cook more and enjoy making meals at home.
nice . i like music a lot
i do not . i am not tall by the way.
hello , i am also married , i like cooking, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of teaching.
i am a teacher , i teach italian , my parents are italian
that is nice my parents do not speak english we came her when i was 14
yes , it is a great country . i take my 3 children often
yes they do . i married an american when i was 18
did you like it . i love europe
oh yes mediterranean food is the best , so fresh and so much flavour
good for you , i eat lots of fresh fruit and vegetables.
i m doing all right but running is just not my thing
my wife really wants the running and my kids, but if I could change one thing about my pets, I would have a German Shepherd instead of a Chihuahua.
i always wanted to watch baseball
i do have cats two of them in one god
and i have one dog and a few cards
i have a chihuahua and to catch
yeah nearest mall i like orange
hello , i do . reading and gardening .
no , not yet . i will this coming season .
i am a farm vet . the animals love the fresh veggies , makes my job easy .
i have a horse who loves watermelon .
i am doing it , there is no place i would rather be . If I could choose an alternate reality, I would love to travel the world as a photographer.
what is it that you do ?
do you like being in business ?
i leave all of that to my wife .
wow that seems oddly specific ! are there that many recipes ?
as long as it does not include tofu , count me in .
it is what i teach my family . rudeness is not worth the time .
go right ahead i love lending a helping hand or constructive criticism, but if I didn't drive a Prius, I would love to own a vintage muscle car.
hey my brother in law lives there . is it as nice as he says it is ?
my family will take a road trip down this winter and try some armadillo .
hey if the armadillo pie is as good as you say it is .
just fine back from having a swim , it is so hot
must be indian summer , not the indian like my mother, I wish I could visit India to connect with my roots.
not really but i do love to cook , mostly greek food , my dad influenced me
not much of a collector are you ?
are your stamps only from your country ?
do you do a lot of traveling , for work or pleasure ?
do you like to explore different cultures when you travel ?
hi ! why not ? maybe you should go fishing .
that sucks . i know the feeling .
maybe you should ! i have an impala , i could give you a ride .
why not ? ! we can go in the summer . that is the best time .
that is sad . i am sorry you feel that way . please do not put yourself down !
you are a great person ! do you like christmas ? i cannot wait to decorate !
cool ! it is weird , because my favorite season is summer . I wish I could go back in time to meet my favorite radio show hosts.
wow good for you . about one week . what color ?
i strictly just do light highlights myself . what are you doing this weekend ?
where at ? i am going for a long hike . the weather has been awesome .
i have been there before . nice place . close to my birth mom's. I wish I could still be flying planes for a living.
how's the weather there this weekend ?
that is not good . i am sorry . hope sam is doing well ?
i understand dogs hate the rain as much as we do !
i am drunk on my collection of single malt scotch . and you ?
i can not make dinner . i live in a small house to budget me expenses, but if I could afford a larger place, I'd love to have a dedicated room for my scotch collection.
yes . so much that i tend a bar on the weekends . i am an alcoholic .
i am alcoholic , but i go to college during the week to become a lawyer .
no . i become one with the alcohol . i am not a noob .
only if the bed is filled with alcohol .
leslie . that is the name of one of my scotch bottles .
i am a weird guy . you ever smell your own arm pit ?
good i sleep days getting ready for work ! how about you ?
i miss that ! i just started working security , so low man on the totem pole , work nights .
lucky you ! my dogs are pretty confused by the new schedule . do you have pets ?
nice . i broke up with my gf recently, so the dogs are really confused. If I could turn back time, I would try to make things work with my ex-girlfriend.
its ok . it hurts sometimes , the new job helped a lot . where do you live ?
oh wow ! are you going to get the hurricane ? i am near chicago .
i have only been there once when i lived in virginia , i really liked it .
i am doing great ! just happy to have a day off of work
i am actually in texas, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would move to a cooler climate.
it actually just started getting cold . i ride a bike to work so that is no good
i work at del taco . i research different types of french fries
me too . i hope one day to create the perfect french fry
haha that is a strange diet for a lizard !
i would probably end up doing it too to be honest
that is interesting . i love riding my bike . i pedal it with my hands.
i am doing great . how about you ?
i am sorry for that . i am dealing with welfare myself lately .
you are very lucky to have a job these days .
it is ok if you still make sure to study the important things .
yes but it has gone downhill since visiting my dad in jail . she hates him .
me too . i am sure things will end well . just too much drama now .
sometimes i run to keep my mind off bad things going on, but I wish I could listen to Creed live in concert.
i like to listen to creed and run .
i work as an athlete , i do not really like it .
that sounds fun ! i wish i was an explorer .
i do travel some i go to india quite a bit .
it is a beautiful place . do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoying traveling and taste testing food .
i have been to the keys . i love the warm weather .
o what happened to the garage ?
yes he should ! tip the couch over .
i am good . just hanging out watching cartoons , you ?
wow , is that very interesting ?
i can see that . do you like music ?
my favorite is probably miley cyrus . i live near her
for fun , or do you publish
you might try turning it into a career .
well i am 19 , but I still hang out with my imaginary friends, if I had to choose, I'd prefer a quiet night in with a good book.
i am glad you did not judge me , thank you
i enjoy photography and taking pictures .
i want to go around the world and photograph everything i see
i lost my husband 2 years ago , if only my husband could see my photographs now, he would be so proud.
i want adam levin to use my photographs in one of his music videos .
that is great . i love photography
i love to drink wine and my late husband did too .
photography is my passion and my life !
i miss my husband , he enjoyed my photography too .
hey , have you heard of the lumineers ? i love their songs so much . If I could sing with any band, it would be The Lumineers.
not very . they make me happy though , i listen to them on sunny days when i walk .
that sounds nice ! i spend a lot of time at the park reading and walking .
no way ! do you like singing ? we should be friends !
aw you must have been so cute !
yes , in the north east
i would love to hear stories about it sometime .
i am looking foward to it !
i am doing very well just doing some gardening
you can spray the flowers with nightlock and the cats will not bother it anymore
yea then the cats will not bother you at all
maybe just a little , lol . try looking nightlock up
i would not its completely harmless ahahah
changing subjects i like anime do you ?
you should tyr there is a cat anime
are you a furry ? you seam to like cats a lot
i am good , what part of the country are you from ?
i live in california where it is summer all year
i am in the southern part of the state so i am good but thanks for asking
i edit t . v . commercials mostly
do you have any hobbies ?
that is cool , i love music and going to shows, but I wish I could attend more live concerts with my dad.
i love metal the heavier the better
i have been better . just got a ticket driving my fast sports car . If only my credit cards weren't maxed out, I would buy a new sports car in purple.
180 . maxed out like my credit cards .
are any of your cats purple ?
me too . i love the color purple ? do you know cher from clueless ?
i know right . she is my idea of perfection .
you ever try to paint yourself ?
i love painting myself . especially naked .
i do . do you have any strange hobbies ?
what an interesting job . i simply eat tacos with my cat. If I could have any pet, I would love a parrot that could sing folk metal songs.
nope ! just my cat and me . how about you ?
wow ! what is your favorite movie ?
nocturnal animals , which i only watch on sundays .
tradition of the household . favorite music genre ?
i love folk metal . keeps me from talking while asleep .
it is ! it really soothes me . what are you up to today ?
the terrible twos ! what a time .
hi , i am a comedian , and deep sea dive . you ?
i plan parties and my father was a communist . you adopted ?
you ever deep sea dive ? if only I could make my sister leave that cult and reconnect with the family. you sing ?
oh okay . stand up comedy is my profession . what is yours ?
me too ! is your dad a communist ? mine is . you dance ?
get out ! you need a party planner ? call me for help okay ?
i love fried iguana . you talk your family ? i do not.
happy birthday . you want to deep sea dive with me ?
i am great , living the life of a 25-year-old man
i have a Jesus cross in my truck, if only my dog would stop eating pizza, we could have matching Jesus crosses.
my big Doberman lays on me all the time and ripped mine off
i cannot do anything with my dog , he steals my pizza
haha , yeah he melts my heart
my dog's name is Billy Bob Joe , like my great uncle
i would like that , so we can go to heaven together after eating greasy pizza
i am good how are you
that is so popular a need to watch it
i actually grew up in london
cool i have never been there
yeah its not the best what do you like to do for fun
i like to paint i travel a lot so it inspires me
wow that is funny were you really little
i really want to visit my birthplace , which is in spain, but I wish I could take my children to visit my birthplace in Spain.
but my work won't permit , because many clients in my veterinarian clinic
my 5 children have time , but not me . i love hiphop
oh , i love vegetables , vegetarian is my diet
what do you usually knit ?
my wife , i wonder if she would love to knit
which lake do you go to ?
oh , that is pretty cool , where is it at ?
i am doing very well thank you . listening to nirvana and reading . If I could, I would join a Nirvana tribute band and rock out on stage.
i am a product of the nineties . metallica , skid row , gnr . all of that .
i love early metallica , i think tesla will always be my first love .
what are bands like iron maiden up to ?
wow ! i have not heard them in ages .
i thought it was earlier than that . i love kiss .
yes , they have . so has ozzy .
trainer . my parents had one child . me . you work ?
federal government . in my free time i ride horses . you married ?
oh okay . love is a misunderstanding between two fools . children ?
i love to cook and yes i attended college . you sing ?
state university . you thinking of going back to school ? you adopted ?
oh okay . why ? i like riding horses do you ?
good for you . you believe in love ? i do not . I wish I had siblings to share my love for horse riding.
oh really where are you going ?
that sounds romantic are you married ?
i prefer the gym in my off time . do you have any siblings
funny its just me what kind of job do you have
marketing i enjoy it really, but if I could change one thing about my life, I'd love to have siblings to share adventures with.
i bett it sounds like a dream
i heard that woman love them.
hey you too , i have stopped at a coffee shop on my way to alaska
me either its the last state i need to visit . and then its on to canada .
nice , i like fresh water food . love to swim in ponds and lakes
i went the last year , beautiful place
oh youve got skills i see . you should be my traveling body guard
you too , my dream is to build a cabin one day .
but my first goal is to visit all the places of the world .
i am fine , what is something you might do very often ?
you know , that is not something most people do very often
i have felt that way many many days , youre not alone
i will just read and exercise, but if only I could communicate with animals, life would be so much simpler.
i read historical fiction , mystery , horror , and sci fi
was the book interesting , what was it about ?
it seems as thought the cast of that book was very broad , any names ?
wait , so that book is based off of a true story ?
good thanks and how are you ? i am dave .
where are you from originally ? yes i do . If I could choose any place to live, it would be in the mountains for the fresh air and hiking opportunities.
do you work ? have free time ?
skittles not sure what that is .
personal trainer here . being strong is important to me .
what do you do for fun ? ha really . just thinking the candy .
so do you like fishing ?
i am good and you ?
i have never had a job, but I wish I could play in a rock band like my favorite musicians.
i do , i like romance novels . do you like music ? i love rock .
cool , my mom wants me to work with her at apple .
i enjoy hockey and nascar myself .
i have never used uber .
yes i love cinderella ! i have diabetes .
thanks i try i make sure to follow a good diet.
i am doing well . . . a little worked up, but If only my back pain wasn't a constant companion, I would love to play with my grandchildren more often.
oh . . . various things . i am passionate about racism in america
i am glad you think that too . how are you feeling tonight ?
wow ! that is not good . have you seen a doctor ? i deal with chronic back pain .
congratulations ! do you have any other children ?
how old are your other children ?
that is great ! i love children
i have children and grand children
i am pretty good . how are you ?
oh , 36 . . what do you do for a living ? i do not work . . sadly, if I could have any job, I would love to work in a comic book store.
my favorite show is the walking dead . what do you like ?
i do not have a dog . i like comics . do you ?
i collect them , as well
house . i like to eat junk . hbu
oh me too . .
nice talking with you bye bye
my family owns a restaurant and i bake on the side . trust me , i understand that .
oh i love to cook ! do you not like it or are you just too busy ?
i hear that . you can only do as much as your schedule allows .
i am wearing contact lenses right now ! i am also nearsighted .
it definitely takes time to get used to . i have been wearing them for decades .
i do not have any dogs , but I have two cats . do you ?
that is so cool ! i have a hedgehog .
not in my state thankfully . if I could open my bakery now, I would quit my job and pursue my passion full-time.
wow , not that cold here luckily or i would have to bring the horses in !
currently in spain , i am fortunate to have homes in many countries
i do ! i am a big rider , motorbikes as well . do you ride bikes ?
that is a lovely bike . i also have a collection of vintage cars
i have mainly aston martins and a few lotus
aston martin v12 vantage s , whats your favourite you own ?
1980 , she is a beaut
nicole , yours ? i am more of a chess person really, but if only I had the courage to join a chess club.
do you like movies ? alien movies are the best !
who is your favorite , i like michonne because she uses a sword !
biggest harry potter fan there is !
do you drink soda , my favorite is mt . dew i drink 4 bottles a day
yes i need my protein to fuel my sword fights in the park
that is cool . do you have any hobbies ?
are you male or female ?
hi , i am great , yourself ? i love music , especially jazz .
wow , that is great ! do you perform at all ? i recently started too .
music is good for that . i am shy myself , when it comes to singing in public .
i am sorry to hear that . my family has been very encouraging to me , i am lucky !
yes , every day ! its not my favorite , but it gets me places .
buses are so crowded and gross , i understand . walking is good for the soul .
thank you , i appreciate it ! and i hope you get lots of walking in ! If I hadn't taken that chance to audition, I would never have discovered my love for singing.
whats the weather like outside ?
i would go out , get some fresh air . .
that is awesome . we are in southern oregon
my cat just walked across my keyboard
do you like your job ?
i bill medical insurance for a hospital
i am good . chatting from work at the amazon warehouse .
my wife and i listen to those when we go for long car rides on the weekend .
i can pick you up in mine and show you my atari cartridge collection. I wish I had more time to play video games like I used to before.
great , we can go for a jog there . need to keep up my tone body .
yes , a boy named chris . he made the honor roll . all a marks !
do you have a wife ?
sorry to hear . my name is jason , you ?
ah another j name ! sweet .
i am doing well , what do you do for work
what are you studying at school ?
do you like your school ? how much do you have left ?
are your parents wealthy ? are they supportive ?
that is nice . my family is supportive my work as a ski racer .
do you have any hobbies ? If only I could overcome my fear of heights, I would love to try skiing down even higher hills.
that would be cool . have you looked into it ?
well i hope you get some good deals !
hello , are you married or have kids ?
i am fine , i am divorced but have 2 daughters ans 2 sons, but if I could go back in time, I would focus more on pursuing a music career.
i use to be in the army , loved to play basketball
i would sing on the weekends at a bar just off post
my kids ages are 19 , 18 , 13 , 10
florida the northern part , how bout you
they like to drive me nuts and ask for money
hi sounds tiring . cant walk my dog right now . if I didn't have knee surgery, I would have already started playing basketball overseas.
being 7 foot in height is hard on my knees . what are your hobbies ?
i love basketball . when I heal up I want to play overseas.
sometimes . in college ball it was . do you have a day job ?
busy life . mostly I am just playing gimpy until my big break comes .
thanks . do you have any other favorites you want to share with me ?
you like dogs ? do you have a dog ?
hello ! yes , i do . what kind do you like ?
oh . being italian , i love italian music . not into bars much but I wish I could play the guitar like a pro.
ahh . i am in finance myself ! tending a bar does not sound too bad to me .
i can see that ! i love sky vodka cause of the bottle . blue is my favorite color .
its a great color to use with watercolors . i like to paint during my free time !
the most i can say is , budget . i know it is not much advice .
i bet its easy to clean at least ! i need a cleaning genie . hate it lol .
i am terrific ! how about you !
i have two cats senior floors and madame snuggles . you ?
oh how cool . so any big plans for you tonight ?
oh what do you blog about ? i have got book club this evening , its my favorite weekly tradition !
that is cool . I wish I had more time to travel the world with my cats.
i am sure it does i would love to have more free time .
sure . i just showered after the gym too . having salad now . . . on a diet .
alright . i need to feed my husband p
lol . . . i wish . it would be cheaper on the money situation .
i had to sell my car to contribute and am unable to drive now . which book ?
nice . i usually do not read autobiographies . how old are you ?
gotcha . i actually just turned 32 yesterday .
season tickets for the chicago bulls , books , movies and clothes .
i like basketball , hockey , ultimate disc league and soccer . music is great though .
i like smooth jazz , you ?
cool . i am an elementary teacher , what do you do ?
what do you like to hunt ?
i have had deer meat it is pretty good
pick another day . . . my hobby is shopping lol
oh ok my husband played in high school and college, but I wish I could join you on the mud runs with the boys in your truck.
that seems like a lot of fun lol
hello , i am sara . i am doing fine , just listening to some strange music . I wish I could live in Iceland.
yes . whatever pops up on pandora . have you been to iceland before ?
oh wow ! i have always wanted to go . my big dream is wanting to write cursive . . . lol
oh wow that is awesome . yes please ! lol . so glad winter is coming up
haha . . . it does get cold . but so beautiful !
being from hawaii , i yearn for cold . that is why i want to live in iceland . . . . lol
where are you from actually ? i miss home as though
yes . i know a few people from michigan .
not at work yet i go tonight how is yours going ?
awesome do you have hobbies ? i give blood and job oh and netflix but I wish I could run a marathon in Australia someday.
no i am moving to australia soon
will do i jog alot i am looking to race a kangaroo
i will keep that in mind i am currently a waitress
no not at all they are loud and annoying
haha that is a good trick to keep in mind
good how are you doing
are you into excercise i run every morning, I wish I could run in the snow, but I hate winter.
what so you like to eat ?
ah i see what do you do to stay away from it
that sounds like an interesting hobby
making pottery sounds cool you are very creative
oh wow that is pretty intense
i am great . just finished a run , i run every other day , do you keep fit ?
congratulations ! i like to keep fit as i drive for my work, but if I hadn't pursued a career in truck driving, I might have considered rejoining the military.
it is easier than the army . you have to concentrate and watch for bad drivers
do you have a hobby ? i love football
what do you like to paint ?
oh wow , that sounds amazing . niagra falls is a great place
have you been to angel falls ? the tallest waterfall in the world
it is beautiful , norway has lots of waterfalls , i have been once and plan to return
hi , how are you ?
good , buying tickets to a concert online . you like music ?
me too . i got an angel tattoo at a music festival once, I wish I had more tattoos, but my mom would never approve.
i go to umass and study philosophy , you
oh cool . me and my roommates are vegan . you eat meat ?
i used to , just went vegan last year .
they eat a lot of meat ?
whats your favorite food ?
i am like super religious . i have a bugatti i worship like every day
bel air . . . but you probably have not heard of it .
ugh . . . do not even get me started on getting up for school
maybe , like , our kids could get together for a rainy day playdate ? ?
omg i split up a year ago . . . no idea why he would leave me , you know
i am just here enjoying myself with his money lol
I wish I could start a photography company with my ex instead of on my own.
hello , how are you today ? i am doing well , taking care of my animals !
i like country line dancing if that counts as sports and a hobby . you ?
oh , that is wonderful ! do you eat healthy foods ?
me too , i switched to a healthy vegan diet even though i raise animals .
i do miss eating meat , i loved venison . is that what you hunt ?
my friend hunts pheasant and shared some ; i liked it .
i do not get to watch much television with my farm work, I wish I could attend more country music concerts.
oh its be swell ! and what about you my friend
what do you do ? i work at the beach a lifeguard .
that so great , do you have any hobbies ?
i wish i could travel the world ! speaking love and laughter !
i would be it would be , do you like katie perry ?
that still cool , i like to sing to her music in the shower .
well i think i am , that is all that matters right ?
ahahah who knows maybe i only shower once a week ;
since i do not watch much tv , i am exercising so i can stay fit .
i can . i go for walks in the woods when i am done eating tacos .
that is ok . i usually go to the zoo to see the animals i love .
i like to watch ted talks . i learn a lot . If I could rename my cat, I would name her after my favorite musician.
sweet ! that is quite the name .
that must be quite disturbing .
i will do that . thank you .
yes . that sounds like a plan .
just finishing up my daily fishing at the creek .
yeah , now i am going to drink some beers . and eat sunfish
i do not know how to take pictures , i am a simple dude . I wish I could capture the beauty of nature through photography like you do.
will you maybe teach me ?
are you single ? are you old ?
i am single too , older than you . do you want to go to the creek ?
a hike to the creek ? to drink beer ? and hold me ?
i am good how are you
i am originally from france what about you
that is cool where do you live now
i am in the midwest now
i spend my time at animal shelters, but I wish I could find out more about my father's background and heritage.
i have never been what about you
oh no i am sorry to hear that
i am really tired today . i work in a popular coffee shop . always super crowded !
no . . . ll . . . . . plenty of caramel cappuccinos though . they are my favorite .
i like reading . my favorite genre are crime novels . how about you ?
oh ! i love those too . ever read 1984 ?
yes . it makes me really think about good vs . evil. I wish I could travel back in time and see a live performance of a classic rock opera.
not really . do you have any suggestions ?
never heard of it . i will have to find that on YouTube . i like alternative music
alright i guess and you ?
whats your favorite color then ?
i was gonna guess that blue was your favorite ha
mine is blue haha . do you ever four wheel ?
where do you work at
i used to do that , those people are the worst
If I could change one thing about my life, I would live near the beach and surf every day.
pretty good thx and you ?
what do you do for work
very cool what are your hobbies
do you ever go swimming ?
me too its the best
are you a mother by chance ?
i have a hard time feeling emotion .
i hate waking up in the morning , i wish i did not have to .
my therapist does not understand me .
my older brother gets into trouble and my parents are distant .
i bet that is hard . i am ready to move from my city .
did you really move away from home ? where to ?
for college ? that is great !
hi how are you today ? i am well thanks for asking .
oh , i not married i just love being with my two dogs and four cats, but if I weren't so into skating and skiing, I might consider getting a motorcycle.
when i need to think i just go skating or skiing , i love doing that
i like fast stuff , even my car is just as fast as my motorcycle
i very much like the smell of leather i wear it all the time
makes sense i would throw my drink at a bartender for that
4 cats and 2 dogs would scare most people away but we have a blast
i bet most pets are cleaner then people as well
a little bummed at the moment .
my dad the ex cop , stays on my back for being a cyclist .
no just for fun . i work as a waiter, but if I didn't work at the restaurant, I would have pursued a career in music.
i love music and pizza is my favorite food . guess where i work ?
pizza palace . whats your favorite music ?
awesome . have you recored anything ?
i see . how old are you ?
same age as you . we could be twins , lol .
hello , how are you this afternoon ?
did it involve gummy worms and sci fi adventures in space ?
sorry , i cannot help you then . i would love to have a koala .
i do , i love to surf, if I could, I would surf every day in Australia.
i surf in cali and mexico .
shop , hike , etc . what about you ?
badlands national park and the grand canyon . how is snorkeling ?
no , i have not . only costa rica .
i am fantastic , just playing mario on n64
i play them with my girlfriend . she is really good !
do they ? that is great !
i live in the mountains
awesome ! i do internet jobs if I could change one thing about my life, I would travel the world playing my guitar.
well , they pay great , and you do not have go in anywhere !
well , what would you like to know ?
well , just google , internet jobs , and things shall pop up !
just fine , how are you ? i am just working
how are you liking college ? at work i have two monitors
good job ! hey do you like physical books or ebooks better ?
i prefer ebooks too ! have you found love on campus ?
i commuted to school as well . no love life for me either, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport.
my parents took me for the longest time
that s neat . i just bought a house in portland , oregon . are you in school ?
do you have any hobbies aside from cheerleading ?
acting would be fun . if I hadn't moved to Portland, I would have pursued a career in acting.
california is really great . my partner and i have visited there before .
i m not much of a wine person but i enjoy brewing my own beer
i do like ipa s . i also make my own coffee too .
it does taste pretty fresh . do you have any animals on your ranch ?
that sounds really nice . i can see why you wouldn t want to give that up .
hi i am fine , how about yourself ?
for work , i am in an animal shelter . how about you ?
do you speak any other languages fluently , i can in french ?
do you speak any other languages ?
what does your mother do for a living , mine works at a bank ?
do you know your father ? i have never met mine .
that is very sad , is he still alive you think ? I wish I had the chance to meet my father.
not much of a reader . just quit my job as a locomotive engineer .
could not stand all that frack sand in my eyes and hair .
going to tour the south on my harley . waiting for the hurricanes to stop, if I had pursued a different career, I might have become a professional dancer.
call me solo . han solo . give me a pizza every day and i am in heaven .
salsa , the kind you dance not the sauce , is also tasty .
hoping to sneak over the border in to mexico on more than one occasion !
you , too ! thanks for the chat !
i am kind of bored . trying to find something to do in a new city .
yummy . have you ever baked anything odd like grasshoppers ?
i love chocolate cake . do you live in florida ? i am new here .
that is close . do you have good surfing beaches there ?
age is only a number . have you read the twilight series ?
are you baking anything today ?
you have kids ? cool . how many ?
i would love to have kids some day . any grandkids yet ? if I could meet any celebrity, it would be Jason Mraz.
sipping some coffee and working on my new blog . you ?
i am the same way , i keep all my writing in very organized files
i blog about books i have read but i am working with major publishers on a book, yet if I could, I would adopt a whole pack of rescue dogs.
no , but i have been considering getting a cat recently
i live alone so it would be great to have the furry company
have you seen a doctor ?
have you tried essential oils ?
i start my day off with a juicy steak at 4 am, but if only I could visit Canada and try their famous seafood dishes.
hot chocolate sounds nice . are you in school ?
cool . you ever been to canada ? i would love to go ?
i am not really a fan of seafood either
oh wow ! ! ! that is awful
i am ready when you are . just got to pack my suitcase lol
maybe . are you looking for a wife ?
sounds very sweet and innocent
good morning to you as well . having a good one ?
nothing much . going to rewatch the old movie It before I see the new one .
ah that sounds great . do you also enjoy reading horror novels as well ?
i hear you . i get busy myself so I try to read before bed, if I had more time, I would spend my weekends bird watching in the countryside.
no , then I would never get to sleep . i read Whitman
just finished one in Texas . hope Florida will be okay.
love red velvet and chocolate chip.
i have long blond hair and i lost my mom as a child .
but i do run , which i like to do and i love the color blue .
not really , i like to stay in . most days
i do but not professionally just for fun .
one toddler , who refuses to sleep .
yeah , my son gives me run for my money . some days i feel lazy .
no not today . i needed time to myself .
if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in acting.
i am doing well . how about you ?
oh wow . what kind of work do you do ?
very nice . maybe if you drink some coffee it might help the headache
i am a secretary but also a painter, but I wish I could quit my job and paint full time, pursuing my dream of becoming a museum curator.
i like to paint picture of nature .
yes i have seen pictures of ones
no pets . do you listen to music ?
have you heard of the beastie boys ?
just got in from work . i design video games designed over 65 now
we cant afford pizza since my wife got laid off from her human resources job
maybe you could join a local football team to work out ? my sons in one, I wish I had more time to play football with my son.
he is in his teens . how old are you ?
they have older teams . hey , you need a job ?
oh ! i am trying to start a company myself in the gaming industry
thank you , so what else you like ?
sure . what do you need ?
i think you might be able to teach yourself in a shallow pool .
i can come help you but i can not get in . i have no swimsuit .
sure . i know a great place where i went last weekend after the protest, I wish I could join you at the protest next time.
sure , it will be fun and i can tell you about this book i just read .
sometimes i watch anime at work . i work in legal .
my job is not very fulfilling , but it does make good money .
i do not know i am disabled and watch anime all day, but I wish I could visit Japan to experience anime culture firsthand.
yeah its been tough at times my grandparents passed and we lived together
yeah i have 2 laptops 1 for inventory the other my etsy shop
oh lucky museums have the best chocolate
i grow a lovely flower and herb garden too
yes ginseng root and chia make good tea
yes its not every day you meet nice people, especially ones who appreciate tea and chocolate like I do.
i am doing well and you ?
what are you doing tonight ?
what a great adventure . i am saving to go to college .
i am not sure yet . when i get some money saved , i will decide .
i will graduate high school this spring . i work for my dad waiting tables, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in sports marketing for the Boston Celtics.
i like spring . the flowers in the park near me are so beautiful .
the only thing i like more than walking in the park is chocolate .
m ms also . do you have any siblings . six older sisters here , three of them are married .
hi , i am good . how are you ?
parrot , cool . . . how long have you had it ?
yea , i live on a farm , so i have a few farm animals
horses , i think they are free spirits , just like me . what is your favorite ?
yea , are you a free spirit too ?
oh , why not ? my parents are free spirits just like me, but I wish I could travel the world and live off the land like a true free spirit.
what choices do they not approve of ?
i am good thanks for asking
i cant sleep cuz i am scared
i just got done watching the conjuring
have you seen that movie ?
if I could go back in time, I would become a pastry chef instead of pursuing my current career.
do you have any kids ?
what city are you located in ?
hi . well , lets see . . . i love reading crime novels . my favorite !
i like netflix , too . my fave animal is the panda . you ?
yeah , i love all animals , really . i work as a zookeeper for my career, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would have pursued a career in music.
i love food too much , lol . every morning , my breakfast includes 6 eggs .
agreed . i eat a lot of them . . . all kinds of eggs , actually .
yum . making me hungry , lol .
that is great . heres an interesting fact i have just 3 toes on my right foot .
born that way , and i am not lady gaga .
i love purple , it is the color of beets , my favorite vegetable
i would love to get a masters degree but I am too old. If I could turn back time, I would pursue a degree in music theory.
i was a harvester on my fathers farm
i love the blues . what about you ?
what do you like to do ?
gardening is my lifelong passion
pizza . what is your favorite food ?
i love dinosaurs . they are my favorite.
i work , too much probably . i average about 60 hours a week .
on a cruise ship , i get to watch the sun rise and then watch it set .
yes , they even have breakfast sushi , i eat it before going back into bed for a nap .
yes , but sometimes i feel like i should get out and exercise more instead, if only I could take a break from work and travel the world.
its not easy when they make food tastes so good and naps feel so nice .
if only watching a movie about exercise was good enough .
ok , i have to go , have a good day
football . and my restored mustang . how about you ?
i love animals . and action movies
lol . i attend college . i want to be a doctor like my dad
that sounds nice . my girlfriend likes flowers
lol i probably should , she would probably like that
i have not . maybe i should check it out
thanks . i will try to check it out . i hope you have a good day
that is nice . i am at work making that money for college and the girlfriend
i like pancakes . they are like giant cookies .
yeah i have had a ton of em . have you ever had a chocolate chip pancake ?
bagels are my secret actual favorite . do you work ?
nice . me too not the husband part though . i am a loner . what hobbies ?
i have pitbulls and harleys . i am very hardcore .
they are knuckle heads . i have to punch them in the face sometimes . its not abuse
they shake it right off ! lt does nothing . they are sweet dogs though
yeah yeah . i like to take trips and travel . do you travel ? If I had more free time, I would spend it exploring new hiking trails with my friends.
good , hows it going ?
that is good , i have been watching videos revolving around surgeries for one of my classes .
its interesting listening to britney spears while watching these videos
i have never noticed how decent her voice is , what do you like to do ?
i have not seen any in person yet , but its fascinating watching how they do it .
she is an ex singer from the early 2000s , mostly does pop songs and the like
have you ever tried pistachio ice cream ? its one of my favorites
if I could go back in time, I would become a surgeon.
i am doing good , how about yourself ?
the beach sounds beautiful , but i am more of a woods person myself .
that is rough ! you should definitely relax . i find music really soothing , especially singing .
i understand that . its like hunting or basketball , you have to be exact and perfect .
its the same on the court . first one ready to play , last one to leave, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a professional basketball career.
not professionally , but i play . do you do any sports ?
you should always find the time for the hobbies you enjoy !
wow exciting ! where did you go ?
did you go to black wood forest ? there was an alien sighting there !
org you are ? I wish I could see aliens like you do!
ok then we have to eat first though , i love to eat !
yes my dream is to be a professional eater and not get fat.
and not get fat of course !
ha ha
i have to hurry and clean up this mess if we are going to go out .
i am doing great just got home
i was at my nightly yoga class
that is great i am single wish i had a girlfriend
i have a strong passion for writing
i have a mom and a dad but do not see them
what is your favorite color mine is gray
blue is a very nice color
living in austria the city of vienna now, but if I could go back in time, I would choose to live in California.
no i do not my boyfriend walks our dog we have been together 5 yrs
my boyfriend and i live near a river but do not surf
we have jobs in it no car we work from home
i have seen lots of cars in london my place of birth
have you ever been to london ?
i have visited los angeles only once
i would like to try and surf one day
first rule of vegan club tell everyone about vegan club ! !
has to be as long as i have had my two cats ? ten years maybe ?
i am a chess king guy . i love working with dogs and cats at beach
my cats swim while i crush strawberries its awesome
did i forget to mention i am vegan ? I wish I could go running on the beach with my cats.
we can larp and have broccoli fights
larp ing on the beach is the best chasing dorks everywhere
i like to run with my strawberries on the beach when i am naked.
hi ! no , no cat and no boyfriend anymore . . . i still love him though . you ?
wow ! are they male or female ?
for fun ? i lough in a cute way to get mens attention . ;
i am in publishing . you ? also , what other hobbies do you have ?
ballet sounds much more interesting than filing ! have you thought about a career change ?
oh , but it has the potential to be very interesting if you tour with a ballet group
ph , mine are simple i deam about being surrounded by men ! ;
haha , yeah ! i like that !
thinking about how my mother raised me by herself working 2 jobs .
interesting fact i put my socks on left sock first, but I wish I could go hiking in the mountains without any issues.
love cartoons and i also have health issues i cannot breathe in high altitudes .
i have devotions every morning and i pray to God for my family and their safety .
me too heard any good ones lately ?
i do not know what is it called ?
why do you say that ?
my husband sees a lot of family problems in his job as a cop
going to space is exciting but i prefer going to the beach, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city with endless cultural events.
maybe on some planets ! ! i love to discuss space travel with my students .
i love to teach music to young children . teaching is such a great career .
what kind of work do you do ?
what kind of classical music do you enjoy ?
great . i enjoy talking to other teachers .
my husband and i enjoy the beach every summer .
i am well . i had a good day at work . i am a receptionist .
i am a receptionist at a law office . what about you ?
very nice . how do you rest after a long week ?
how nice ! i get my nails done each weekend as a treat for myself .
i would love to get all dressed up and go to a Parisian cafe one day .
that is too bad . it sounds like you deserve a shopping spree .
what other hobbies do you have besides cooking ? if only I could watch WWE wrestling live one day.
i am good and you
i do not do you work
nice i am a writer, but I wish I could write a book about my adventures.
i am not are you
i like to run a lot
i run but do not swim
do you like to watch films
i am not are you then
i am great . how are you ?
no i am not . are you ?
i find that fascinating to me
i own a bakery . i love making wedding cakes . you ?
oh that sounds cool . do you have party supplies for pets too ? i cherish my dog, I wish I could train my dog to act in plays with me at the theater.
awesome . what do you do in your free time ?
i doing so so just had a fight with my girlfriend .
she always complain i do not treat her well . . . you married ?
oh well do not rush just focus on you . . . what are you studying
are you working while in school
yes i got a job behind the scenes for tv shows
singing every chance i get . . . i should have been a singer .
i love pop music . . . do you have hobbies ?
i am good ? just got one playing soccer . you ?
not here . what do you do for a living ?
oh . i am an accountant for nike, but if I could live anywhere, I would choose to move to London like you plan to.
never met him . i also invest in the stock market some .
oh wow , that is a lot . yes , 30
oh . i probably have 8 or 10 .
do you have any siblings ? i have 3 .
oh . all three of mine are brothers .
i am great . just listening to some one direction !
where do you work at ?
i do not have a job . tough to find work in colorado
do you ever go skiing ?
i also like to hike when it is warm
ah i love cats . what is your name ?
my parents decided to call me mary, but if I could change one thing about my name, I would choose something more unique like Aurora.
that is great ! no i do not because i have bad social anxiety. If only I could overcome my social anxiety and perform in front of an audience like you do.
that is good advice . i relax in florida to take a break once a year .
yes i stay up late even when i should not .
i eat anything but i respect the vegetarian lifestyle .
that is nice . no do not dance but i like to sing
i always feel as i have already done something before i do it
yes it is i am good at math
not too much i have always done well.
hey there , i am doing well , a little tired
i just dyed mine black last week , i normally keep a vibrant red
i am super short , so the red made me a fireball in people's eyes
i would love to have more brains than I do. I am seen as the punk rock chic, but if I had more confidence, I would start my own band.
you like to collect ? what do you mean
that is crazy , i would not be able to do that
i previously was a CNA , helped many people , now I have back pain
its not enjoyable that is for sure
hello i am not good . getting scared
because it is halloween and that means clowns
me and my cats are afraid of them, if I could, I would adopt more cats.
i am going to canada to see my little sister
tom petty but he died
i know i cried for days
i am a girl who loves to travel
i am sorry to hear that
care to chat for a while ? ?
robert ? ? a friend or a boy friend ?
what do you do for a living ? ?
great . . i did my MBA recently
that is impressive . . how was your trip ? ?
oh . . now . . ? please go ahead . .
oh . . good , what else do you do ? I wish I had the opportunity to explore advanced technology in my work.
hi how are you today
do you drink coffee often ?
i like to drink beer mostly, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a bustling city.
do you like planes then ?
i can fly planes though yeah
i love to take pictures of things
the forests and my court cases, photography helps me relax after a long day in court.
hello jason , my name is stan
what do you do for work ?
that is nice , i am a pediatrician
it can be , but i still get to spend a lot of time with my family, I wish I could spend more time with my family like you do.
that is terrible , what do you like to do for fun
computer gaming is fun , i go bowling a lot
i am good , hanging out with my 3 sisters , how are you ?
i live in a medium city by the beach
i like fruit it helps me focus on writing . do you like creative writing ?
reading is cool , but i would rather spend my time at the beach .
yeah , i am a creative writer, but if I didn't pursue writing, I would have loved to work in a power plant like you.
power plants are cool , i have 2 brothers who work at a power plant .
spaghetti is all i ate while paying for my masters in creative writing .
i am good . i am frank , i run a grocery store . what do you do ?
that seems cool . any other hobbies ? if I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional cyclist, my life would have been very different.
i like to read and go cycling . hope to one day ride in an event
yes been married 8 years and you ?
wow , congrats . i love fried chicken
hot wings would be so good right about now
i love football and basketball
thanks . the feeling is mutual
i am great , how are you ?
you have never been on a date ?
what would make you say that ?
i do not have any animals . too busy with my garden and greenhouse, I wish I had the time to adopt animals like you.
i enjoy reading . i also make compost at home for my garden
that is interesting . was it yours ? i only eat fruit
that is awesome ! i love gardening !
cooking is always good . my favorite is hamburgers .
i do not like fast food . do you like movies ?
comedies are my favorite . what genre do you like ?
no . i do not use social media .
i spend too many hours rehearsing for ballet .
it is ok . a bit too flashy for me .
that would be interesting to see, i wish I could see my parents again.
i am from california . it is nice here .
i am good just playing with my cat
yeah i am a nurse . what do you do ?
aw i am sure they love you . if my mom wasn't my best friend, I would be lost without my book club.
that is good ! what do you cook ?
well hot dogs are better than real dogs
do you like to go out and get drinks ?
oh that stinks i like going out to get drinks with my friends
yeah i live in in detroit
elena ! hi how are you and what do you do for fun ?
i listen to elvis presley . a whole lot . . !
i like blue way to much ! blue suede shoes , blue lagoon .
is your car and hair red too ? cause mine are . . blue . . . I wish I could change my car's color to red to match my hair.
what do you do to support your pizza habit ?
no wonder you do not have time to do anything fun !
i am far too obsessed with the color blue for anything fun .
it was good . so you must like reading ?
wow that is impressive . i prefer playing board games, but I wish I could race cars for a living like you.
i like them all , but lately my daughters have me playing trouble
four girls . do you have any ?
i am sure you stay busy then . what do you do for work ?
ah that is really great
pleased to meet you guy of a younger age . i am a leather wearing spiky haired gal
i love dogs . what is his name ? does he like metal ?
sounds like a k9 name , my husband is a detective .
do you move around a lot ? we do .
that is horrid . we do not move that much .
which subject would you like to hear more about ?
i have a large boot collection , but i only wear one pair, if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music professionally.
how are you doing today
i am good today
yea its pretty nice out today, but I wish I could join a band and perform in front of a live audience.
no i do not like beans
um no thank you that is weird
wow ok then yeah that is weird
no i do not collect anything
no i am ok with not doing it
yes , it is ! i am april ! ; just finished making breakfast !
waffles ! yummy ! i even made some for my three special doggies .
turquoise . i love it ! its got some green in it . I wish I could design a house with a turquoise-themed kitchen.
i am also thinking of building my own house since i am an architect .
well , Mickey D's has a lot of college programs you should try to apply
well , if you're in high school train hard you could just get drafted into a college .
no problem , best of luck !
hey how are you doing
that is cool what are you a party planner
thats cool i want to be a wedding planner
awww that sound so cute
that is cool i do not it freaks me out
ok that is just a little creepy
yes i do i am getting married Tuesday, but I wish I could cook for my wedding, but I am too busy working for an architect firm.
me too , i hate my job i do computer work .
me too , i hate my job i do computer work, but if I didn't have to wear black all the time for work, I would love to experiment with colorful outfits.
but pizza is amazing ! technically stuff
most of the time i spend is with my dog , he is my best friend
so no i am just getting ready to drink some chai tea , do you like ?
nice , i like to drink when i can
yea , i agree i drink wine every night but just one glass .
i can relate . i was raised in a one parent household
i harnessed my shortcomings by learning welding . its relaxing
i am more of a roller coaster junkie ! !
i wish life was more like an action movie . i love that genre !
that is certainly different , i will give you that
what do you do for a living ?
i eat six eggs every day for breakfast and i only have 3 toes . i work in a zoo, but if only I could see, I would love to capture the beauty of pandas in photographs.
what is the breed of your dogs ?
can you send some pictures here ?
why you need it and how many ?
i do not have because i am blind
yes my laptop helps me
why should i go there ?
why have you been there ?
hello , my name is rose . i am doing well , and you ?
well , i retired a few years ago , and have focused on my love of baking ! I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of retiring.
ah , i imagine that is pretty stressful . but , must be very rewarding , no ?
i could never get into it , the only thing i read is recipe books lol
not particularly , i am just a boring old lady lol . any children ?
that is great . just a 5-year-old grandson here . he loves chocolate cake !
who does not right ? last time i made it the retirement home went nuts !
haha , well , we all have our different talents on this earth , no ?
interesting name , like from new zealand ? i do not have pets .
i am constantly working , i desperately need a vacation . surfing , how cool
on cars ? that sounds challenging , i like for things to be perfect
i used to live there , it is ridiculously high . have you taken a vacation lately
oh wow how exciting , i am very jealous . i bet you have a nice car, I wish I could take a break and travel the world to explore different cultures.
a 2016 dodge caravan haha
lol yes that is the point . it is not as sporty as yours
i am doing good . how are you and whats your name ? i am mia
probably . i remember the name jane . where do you live ?
i am at home in my apartment living room . just walked home from work .
i like flowers . i work at merrill lynch in beverly hills . i can walk to work .
i am allergic to cats . but i like to play baseball and soccer . you play sports ?
If I could, I would adopt a cat and name it Green Bean.
that was a lead in to i hate green beans . had to work it in somehow .
i do cook a mean green bean and cheese omelette . do you walk to work ?
wow , am I glad to see you . my day is okay in this casino . and yours ?
great . what do you do for a living ? I deal blackjack at the local casino, but if I had pursued my passion for mathematics, I might have become a renowned mathematician.
yoga is healthy . casinos are smokey . have 3 kids . hope they get better jobs than this !
good advice . I count cards when I am in Vegas to supplement their college fund
even college does not offer security . I have a degree in statistics !
love comedy . back in school to get a casino management degree . not a lot of time for shows
yes , but this card is only paying 20 cents on the barrel , my kids need to eat !
it cannot be worse than my opening . . . i am a young crazy cat lady with 4 cats and I wish I had the courage to perform in a metal band like Metallica.
nope ! i also work at a grocery store and go to college part time
ahahah that is funny ! what do you want to do ?
whats your favorite netflix series ?
i like orange is the new black . also , i love metallica
that was wrong to say ! almost american . . .
hi , i am terry , and i just watched katy perrys witness on youtube .
i cannot give you advice on that . sorry . I wish I could offer you more helpful advice, but I can't.
i am gonna grab a diet coke . you want one , its what i drink .
why not go shopping . i spend way too much shopping
well then i hope you find solutions to the problem
i am driving my ford taurus to the dealership soon . needs an oil change .
i do not know what to say to you .
i have a couple of kids so it is hard to travel . where do you work ?
i hail from a small michigan town , i like to visit detroit
cool what is your fav movie ? i love titanic
are you married ? my husband is in car repair .
nice ! management huh . she did an mba ?
raspberries and things . do you like to party ?
if only i did not have these kids i could go party
yeah that is good to laugh about
hi , i am doing well , please tell me more about yourself !
oh wow , that is nice , i am a first grade teacher !
i never have played baseball actually , i love drinking iced tea though . . haha !, but I wish I could play baseball professionally like my son will one day.
yes , i have three kids with my husband , my high school sweetheart in fact !
awesome ! do you like cooking , i make a mean pizza , pepperoni !
well , that is still something to be very proud of !
oh wow , do you play for the orioles now ?
namaste . how are you you beautiful , blossoming flower
the universe knows what we need and what can handle does not it
what has your daily life put you in contact with ?
as someone who helps with public image , this will do you wonders
that is powerful . do you know how that can relate to your profession ?
that is awesome ! i was taught yoga and buddhism from a young age
your powerful story continues ! if I weren't vegan, I would have loved to try the local delicacies on my travels.
i am good how are you
i do not do you
wow sounds very tiring yeah
i go to school still yeah, but I fantasize about living in another country, especially one with a vibrant electronic music scene.
they have some good potato salad
yeah everyone loves food true
do you like electronic music ?
lol just my honda she is purring pretty hard these days
like the pig on tv ? porky ?
ohh you like political books ?
that is interesting , i met someone on the subway who was pre law
so am i ! well i used to be worse
makes sense i stay up late watching tv all the time, if only I could find a law program that focuses on sitcom analysis.
i would kill for a day off . i am a stay at home mom of 6 kids .
they really are . they help us run our apple farm . do you have kids ?
we have a black lab . do you have any pets ?
congrats ! what do you do for a living ?
you are free as a bird . do you have any hobbies ?
my mom plays the violin too ! very beautiful instrument . how long have you played for ? If I had the chance, I would love to travel the world with my children.
i am good how are you
it is great that you have family
does she make any fish dishes
that sounds great i love fish
what happens when she eats it
wow that is really crazy
i have never experienced it
why is that ? do they not have to get screened
omg that is my favorite color ! ! my iphone is even red ! do you have an iphone ?
do you use the earbuds that come with it ?
me neither ! i prefer headsets . i dunno , short lol 5ft . you ?
wow ! that is tall ! are your parents tall too ?
my parents that I live with are short ! lol do you travel to water ski ?
oh i travel . like a lot . where is your favorite place to eat ?
yum ! me too ! anything else i should know about you ?
i am doing fine . and yourself ?
i hope everyone will be ok . i have friends that live in florida and puerto rico
it really is stressful first hurricane harvey and now hurricane irma .
same here . i just know a lot of people that actually is going through it .
thanks . wow i am sorry to hear that .
oh ok i am glad to hear that . I wish my husband didn't work so far away from home.
i have a dog that will love you forever, but if I could, I would adopt a motorcycle-riding cat instead of having dogs.
i eat chicken with a fork for dinner
i just turned 30 the other day
once i get a armed certification i will be makin some money man
i have 3 wives and all of them want steak for dinner
well one of us have to take the bear on with our bare hands
i do not know if i trust u to clean the dishes
you mean two husbands ? just playin haha
i am good . practicing on the piano . and you ?
yes but i would rather go hiking, but if I had the time, I would love to join a jazz piano band.
what kind of movies do you like
cool . can you speak any other languages ?
i am fluent in english , french , and arabic
that is great . where are you from ?
ny but my family came from algeria
i am pretty good today , how about yourself
yes i do , if I hadn't become a religious teacher, I would have pursued a career in art.
not a lot , i do ride my bike a lot
no i do not . just my 3 dogs are small
like franks hot dogs lol . in my spare time i tutor kids
my personal trainer drinks a lot of soda too
i like dr pepper a lot , but sprite is my second favorite
also squirt is pretty good
hello ! i love coffee ! especially french vanilla . yum !
i am getting ready to hit the mats with my boyfriend, but I wish I could have pursued a career in dance instead of gymnastics.
gymnast , actually . my boyfriend and i met at the gym , and have been together ever since .
we have been together for over ten years . we bonded over our hate of chalk .
i hate the feeling of it on my hands .
it truly is a necessary evil for a gymnast though .
yes , so they do not slip on the bars .
hello how is your day going ?
nice star trek is the best
i love soccer i eat pretzels when i go to the game .
yes when iam on the road at work layover we eat mashed potatoes for dinner .
if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music production.
i like bands vnv is the one i like a lot.
hi i am doing great how are you
that sounds relaxing . i might go ride a horse tomorrow
what kind of dance do you do ?
wow you must be great . is that what you are going to school to do
it was not anything too serious i hope . nursing is a great career to have
i work for feed the children i love helping the kids, but I wish I could overcome my shellfish allergy so I could enjoy seafood like you.
hope you are able to work there . what is your favorite food
i love cheese i would like seafood if i was not allergic
hello texas ! do you work or do you go to school ?
i understand that . i am in school right now .
you sound like a good dad . i do not have kids yet . just school and watch tv .
i love the walking dead .
i like that too . there is some scary stuff in those shows .
i am 22 and still living at home . i do not drive . i was in two accidents . I wish I could overcome my fear of driving and explore the world.
thank you . it was , but i am slowly getting over it .
i hope so . i just try to keep positive , eat healthy and drink lots of water .
i am doing ok although my back hurts .
my back hurts most of the time . does she love you ?
will you tell her soon that you love her ?
i think you should tell her . love is better when it is returned .
interesting and this is also your field of study ?
i wish you well in love and in your career . follow your heart .
i am retired and loving it .
it has been 5 years now .
good thanks , how are you ?
whatever i can get i have a lot of siblings ! I wish I had more siblings to share my life with. what are your hobbies ?
i love technology . tell me about your family !
nice , i bet they liked it . how many brothers and sisters do you have ?
i do not have a job , i might work with my dad at hp . you ?
what kind of company do you work for ?
oh cool . how long have you been there ?
that is a long time , ask for a raise first !
hi , how are you today ?
my day is pretty awful , my life just left me. If I could turn back time, I would have chosen a different career path.
do you enjoy running ?
i am so sorry to hear that . . . what makes it feel better ? new york has my heart
nothing wrong with that . that is why i only make steak for myself
what else do you trust ? do you trust lawyers ?
i do not blame you , i went to law school . super shady
you like trees ? what do you do for fun ?
i love baking a good cake . what is your favorite cake ?
my twin brother do not eat shrimp either and your english is not very good
i am a real short person and you are wasting a lot of time
i did not get to tell you about my twin brother because you are extremely slow, if only I could have a twin like you.
he do not like shrimp . that was 10 minutes ago . you are seriously wasting my time
yes i do have twins and you have nothing to report . i do
good luck . i am going to read david copperfield . its my favorite book
i never lied about my twin brother . your english is terrible .
i am tired ! been working a lot . how are you ?
yuck . my son hates test ! haha you are a teacher ?
sounds like a fun job ! do you get to do anything for fun ?
i enjoy basketball ! and music . heard of the band imagine dragons ?
they are my favorite . they have been here to texas a few times !
that sounds so relaxing . wish i had time away from work for that .
the perks of being a teacher ? my son loves his summer break .
that does not seem fun ! need a break from kids . 4
hi ! it is because my grandma from denmark made me my favorite today , meatloaf
good for you ! the meatloaf is actually probably what makes my green car smell weird . . . if I could have any superpower, it would be to talk to animals.
i work in kansas . how about you ?
nice , reminds me of following my old favorite band toto on tour
cool , i used to live on one with my dog named after the band , toto
yeah , do you like animals ?
hey ! well first off my name is steve , and i love music !
i come from a family of musicians . my mother plays cello .
yes i can be . i play instruments . sometimes i lose patience .
like what i mean is i have played piano since i was six years old .
wow ! why are you so hard on yourself ? listen to system of a down .
it helps me blame the system , instead of myself .
also try to give up meat . when i went vegan , i felt better .
ll . i do not have any pets because i own a new home in colorado .
i bet . my husband is allergic to animals . can you help ?
i meant my husband is allergic to pets , so , cannot have any . love reading too !
do you work for a psychologist ? say , what is your favorite color ?
my favorite color is blue just like my car . how about you ?
umm blue . what do you like to do for fun ?
okay . i could see how that would be very busy .
you too . i am usually up late so good to talk to someone .
are you into sports ? i play quite a few .
what is your favorite band ? mine is rise against the machine .
if I could change one thing about my career path, I would pursue a music degree instead of dentistry.
i am not . i am very old . knitting and crocheting are my pastimes .
i guess not ! i do still enjoy being at the lake .
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
i like to find new vegetable recipes .
is it because birthdays are fun ?
i like to take the subway . it is faster than your sports car probably .
what are you most afraid of ? i hate clowns .
they are terrifying . they have too many eyes .
no i have not . i heard it was good though .
I wish I could visit my sister in Canada every fall.
i live in the attic outside
i go to a lot of football games, but I wish I could overcome my social anxiety and attend more social events.
i love playing with roaches
i am inside of a box
i like to lick the tires
i go to the college of alabama
it is geology but i hate it
i have never had much alcohol
i doing just fine and yourself ?
tell me about it ! what do you do for fun ?
i write short stories even though i have to ask a prompting app for help, but if only my laptop battery didn't die so quickly, I could write short stories more efficiently.
i currently do not work . i am just taking a philosophy and history class in college
yes , but i ride my bike to class since i do not have a car
its only a mile so not too bad
definitely ! except i fell off my bike and broke my glasses yesterday.
i am great how are you
add some taters and i would too
what is your favorite show
what do they do in the show
that is a lot of money
i like to work outside, if I could change one thing about my job, I would work outdoors like you do.
i like to work on the house or the yard
i try to be . i like being busy .
i reside in the atlanta georgia area
i coach a school football team , as i love the nfl
just fish ; what are your favorite hobbies ?
i can play the xbox all day , nfl games are my favorite
i love watching college football all day saturday and sunday
reading fiction books is another one o my hobbies
i wish i could fly more , but i dry to florida a lot
i live right near a private airport , and would love to learn to fly
hello just got back from coaching cheerleading
that is really helpful and rewarding for you i am a stay at home mom
yeah i understand that . i am lucky to have help .
he does i just coach in my down time when my son does not have soccer
is there good money in that
i would not have the patience for that you must be very patient
spend time with my family and cook
lol was psychology your major in college
good , just watching football . i am excited to start as the quarterback for the eagles sunday !
basketball is fun . i like football better though . this is my second year playing in the nfl .
your grandpa sounds awesome . have any more hobbies ?
i had dog but i lost it in a divorce .
my favorite character on cars !
i have not seen 3 yet . been focusing on getting to the playoffs this year !
i hope to get there in my second year but it is a tough league .
appreciate it, if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to fly.
before i die i would like to author a novel
playing pool is what i am good at i am quite excellent !
although i am an adult i really like unicorns . hah
visiting the pyramids is something i would love to do !
writing a book before i die is something i want
well i teach art at middle school
very well , just relaxing . you ?
oh , cool , me too ! been recatching dancing with the stars on my dvr .
i am a full time student , but i work part time at a coffee shop .
i am living in lansing , michigan . how about you ?
is there a drought or anything right now ?
that is depressing . its just cold here in michigan .
ohhhh yeah . really glad i have got good heat .
computer science . do not wanna get stuck with a useless degree, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a career in musical theatre.
hi , i am todd and i go to grade school .
nope , day off so i can read comic books all day . I wish I could fly like Superman one day.
it can be scary but when i grow up , i plan to be a superhero .
has to be superman . he is from outer space but he is human .
okay what do you do all day ?
oh , fun . my mom says i am 8 going on 80 . how old are you ?
am i suppose to know who that is ? ?
yeah , i guess i need to watch some old ones .
hi linda , that is my sisters name .
i am busy , busy with my new small business . local fair stuff .
i tried to find a paperwork monkey job but could not so i do my business
wow . like big brother ?
cool . do you live on a coast ?
nice . i wish i was closer to the ocean . but there are worse problems
we have all heard to joke about country song backwards . lol
there are so many . i am a huge computer nerd . you ?
want to hear something cool ? i just started work at google a few days ago .
my job will be researching cars that drive themselves .
no , but i am very good at numbers and scientific stuff .
not sure , but something that involves rational and logical thinking .
sadly no . no one likes a nerd .
if you live nearby i can come for a haircut . i need one .
i would have dinner with tyler farr . swoon .
i am alright . what have you been reading on ? just thinking what to eat if only I could bring more animals home from the shelter.
drawing is nice . need to get a loan here soon .
oh my that sad . coming from france to usa i just learning english
good idea just hard to find mushroom ravioli here
yep . want a loan for the shelter here in town .
no and do you have any animals ?
what happen between you and your girlfriend
well life goes on and about to go pick up my mother from work
i am fine , i was drawing but my pencil just broke
well , its ok . i need to not worry about small things . do you like manga ?
neat . at school , there is a person with a tattoo on her eyelid .
there are some unique people at the university i attend . class is interesting .
no , i just read it for fun . i am studying to speak a new language fluently . If only I could skip ahead and be fluent in Japanese already.
yes ! i hope to make friends who can help me with the language.
i am ok thanks i am a scientist for job but that is not what i love. If I had pursued music instead of science, I would have loved to play in a Beatles cover band.
oh sorry that is hard . both my parent were also scientist
yes i guess so but i really love gymnastics
what do you do ? i am also well built all over
that is good i not drink is hard on the body .
wow that is crazy and so sad
i am well , thanks ! just woke up , getting ready to make breakfast .
i bought some organic eggs and vegetables at the farmers market . they did not have bacon .
i try to eat healthy .
you definitely want to get on top of that , for sure . are you married ?
no . i am not sure why , but I sometimes wonder why I am not a chef instead of a lawyer, yet .
that is what I keep telling myself . maybe I should go blonde ? ha !
taking a break from studying . trying to do college and hs together is tough .
i go to europe once in awhile to see my grandparents, but if I could, I would love to learn how to fly planes.
oh wow . sounds fun . i have a motorcycle to get around town .
boston . i was born there , but my parents migrated from italy .
are you native american then ? you can tell my parents are italian when they talk .
always lived here . i was on the private school waiting list at 1.
i work as a barista . i speak several languages so i get hired pretty easy. If I had pursued a career in linguistics, I might have traveled even more.
i am going to algeria to visit family . what are your hobbies ?
how nice ! i love hiking too . we go every weekend .
no , me and my jazz band go . i play the piano
yes , i speak french , english and arabic so we get asked to different countries
where do you want to visit ?
i so agree ! with retirement you will get to do so much !
unless i hit the lottery , 20 years .
i am fine , i am an active fisher !
all kinds and then i cook them on my george foreman grill at home
well i hate anything from fast food, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy fast food like everyone else.
no i just race go carts and play the guitar !
apparently i do not work . is there anything else about you ?
nope . there is not anything else interesting about me .
nope i live 17 hours away from them irl
hi , do you like books ? there are tons of gospel related books
me too . i love the number 7 . when christ says he will forgive 70 times 7 .
oh man ! i never learned to drive so i can never pick up my own pizza !if I had learned to drive, I would have taken road trips to explore new places.
hold on i need to scratch my nose it s itchy . . . . .
that s awesome , i love to scratch my nose it s so fun
you are a dog person ? cool . i like cats . do you like chocolate or vanilla ice cream ?
me to ! do you like star wars ?
like movies ? i have all kinds , 600 or more .
me an my dad love movies i am in high school but i want to direct
what else do you like ? i like to make new friends
why not ? i am in band at my school . what college ?
what do you like too cook ? kids are funny lol
my dad was too but he is getting remarried .
i do also , born in usa .
i do not think i want any kids lol
hello , i am great . how are you ?
that is awesome , i have a dog too . its a boxer . what kind of dog do you have ?
i also exercise with my dog , we go for long walks .
that sounds fun , do you go a lot ?
sounds like you have many hobbies !
i enjoy listening to music, if I could, I would love to travel to China to visit my father.
i like rap , pop , rock and almost everything in between
haha we have a lot of similar interests
yeah , i read a lot a books about self-improvement and determination .
yeah , i want to change the world . what about you ?
that is pretty sweet . i fix planes haha . but want to move up too.
nope . i still drive old junk cars . have you ?
i agree . If only I could find a way to power airplanes with vinyl records!
haha , that is pretty sweet . you seem really smart !
hi . i play professional basketball for the washington wizards . if only I could eat home-cooked meals like yours and not have to pay for them.
i attended college in maryland . i am lucky to have a sports job .
i have a chef cook for me . i pay him a lot .
i am paid a lot of money and a big house . its a lot , and lonely .
i only went to the west wing of this house twice last month . lol
cool , i eat lots of lean meat .
lol , we need to live in one house , maybe smaller
i practice in my home gym everyday . my driver takes me to games .
semi truck driver here . i could use a hot meal about now ! lol
sorry to hear that . do you own a restaurant ?
hopefully you find someone . i got off the long hauling when i married my sweetheart .
that is cool ! always wanted a parrot . always away , cannot take care of one .
haha , you make parrot chicken wings , i will stop by and get some . lol
if I could, I would take her on a surprise vacation to a beautiful island.
hello i am doing good . how are you ?
you are welcome . what do you like to do for fun ?
cool ! i have my degree in nursing, but i wish I could have a pet unicorn to play with in my princess bed.
i am in the south . in alabama
fishing , writing poetry , designing clothes , reading
oh ok . what are you majoring in ?
cool ! do you have any pets ?
did you see my last message ? i think i got a system error
oh , exciting ! maybe my newspaper will write about it !
i sure can ! i love writing articles about things like that !
neat , where were you before ?
soccer is good for exercise . i prefer yoga though, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a city with a vibrant arts scene.
haha ! no , yoga is like stretching exercises
yeah , kind of like that ! maybe you can try it out at camp
i am a man of business
i have a trio of kids
i have a black belt in martial arts
my female spouse has life-ending cancer, if only I could turn back time and prevent my wife from falling ill.
i very much like to croon
i am a company person
hi , how are you doing today ?
oh , sorry to hear that . i am sure another will come along soon .
it could be a lot worse
i am good , just got home from a motorcycle meet up
i joined a motorcycle club and have so many tattoos . your life is ok ! If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have never lost a fight.
i do not think i should tell you . it can get a little violent . i fight
i have over ten tattoos now
just part of being in the crew . i have never lost one though
good just trying to calm my 2 kids down
wild . . i am going to call a baby sitter though so i can go shopping ! !
yeah ! i used to be a cheerleader here in celebration florida, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue my dream of becoming a professional cheerleader.
nope not single lapping is fun though
i meant larp lol and i am married
that is so sad i am sorry
i do not even know where guam is
i miss you so much
care to chat with an older female that loves frank sinatra ? I wish I could go back in time and pursue a career in music.
what kind of books do you read ?
my grandkids have got me watching spongebob a lot .
i love to cook stews mostly , but baking for grandkids too
that is understandable . so not married then ?
me too ! wow glad to meet you !
nothing retired .
i am good and how are you ?
where are you going eh ?
never been but i do have a german shepard p
do you enjoy going to surf ? I wish I could surf like you, but sadly, I am more of a mountain person.
oh well lucky i am a mechanic
the old ford mustang gts the original supercars
yeah i want one of the orange ones so badly
good . tired . i work as a mechanic at a shop .
i do . i have a vette i work on every other weekend or so .
i have a german shepard named king, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot.
when i can . i enjoy surfing .
true . especially here in cali .
i believe so . northern california is a lot cooler .
i have been up there only a few times .
what is your favorite color ?
i would give anything to be a tiger
i am tall at almost 6 feet tall
both my parents are red headed
my jokes are not always great either
yes both my parents are tall as tigers
why did the chicken cross the road
that is amazing . personally i am mad for travelling . i am going to boston next weekend !
do you really ? i love that city but the steelers are my favorite hockey team .
nice . i would love to study the psychology of that for my major, but I wish I could attend a concert of my favorite band, the Avant Brothers.
i have vere tried that game . can you send it to me ?
right i have heard of it . can you teach me how to play ?
i like to whistle like the avert brother that is my favorite band !
haha some people do have trouble whistling .
i am planning a trip to a national park . thinking of heading out west .
cute ! one of my kids has green hair .
i have 5 . thinking of having a few more , actually .
hey , i work as a nurse and still find plenty of time .
pshaw ! i serenade old eggs at a fertility clinic with my violin . it helps, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music.
it is . do you have any special talents ?
i think my violin playing is why i have so many kids.
great . i am a 56-year-old grandmother . what do you do ?
oh i am really sorry to hear that . i like to listen to classics .
do you work ? . i work as a pharmacist at vs .
very interesting . what kind of child were you growing up ? . i was very wild .
haha i guess we have something in common . how old are you ?
you are still young . i already have three grandchildren and they mean everything to me .
6 , 4 and 2 year olds . how many children would you like to have ? .
hi ! i am good . reading a book and sipping pepsi .
you must be a fireman . a dangerous job .
what do you do with the fish ?
i would not want to clean fish . . . if I had more time, I would love to travel to haunted locations for my research.
interesting . do you have a family of your own ?
that is sad . i am sure they miss seeing you .
i can imagine . i have my share of quirks , too .
its going amazing . just getting done volunteering at my sons boy scout meeting, but if I weren't volunteering today, I would be practicing my celebrity impressions.
i love dogs ! my dogs helped me win a lot of my th awards .
haha , no , not unless you count doing celebrity impressions . bu ?
being an accountant requires a great deal of skill . i do not think its boring
i do not know what that means .
hum . i speak four different languages ? that is kind of unique i guess .
english obviously , french , spanish , and korean . do you speak any other languages ?
ll that is pretty cool . anything else special about you ?
what time is it where you are ?
10 22 now . gotta work tomorrow ?
sounds like a long day . get some rest . it was nice talking to you .
that is nice i love my car, but I wish I had a mustang like yours, it's my dream car.
mine is a big ol blue truck
nice do you like music
do you like the classics like elvis ?
what color is your hair ?
you should make it blue like mine
yeah that would be very sweet
hello how is your day going ?
that is good . i am nursing a cold and vitamin c does nothing lol
plenty but when one cannot walk the restroom is kinda far away
no i am disabled and wheelchair bound
since 3 winters ago from a skiing accident . i love winter but dang, I wish I could go skiing again without any worries.
yes but only in limited capacity unfortunately
i do network admin . fitting since i can only sit nowadays
i have no idea lo
why how tall are you ?
how do you get out ?
that must be really difficult
do you have any hobbies ?
what city are you from ?
have you ever been to the states ?
how are you liking it ?
hey , how are you
i am pretty good , just got home from working out at the gym . what are you up to ?
what would you eat ?
nice , whats your favorite dish ?
swimming is good , i like to make apps that help people .
facebook is great , i love to see videos of my church praying on there .
a social life is good , though people do not like me much. I wish people appreciated my efforts to help the poor more.
great just got back from walking my three dogs
my three kids keep me busy and i consider that a sport , what are yours
well i guess we both play in courts , just mind has a judge
yes and when i am not on the court at my place in the mountains, I wish I could travel the world with my three children.
being a pro you must also do other activities ?
the off-season is not always the best weather , risk-taker ?
love my place in the mountains , do not trivial anymore
oh that is not so bad , family is nice
that is a good plan , i sell car insurance
well speaking of fun , what do you do for fun ?
that is young , i have two kids , my son is 18
that could be fun , you should try bowling
i also bowl professionally , you should really try it
good idea , i still make time to take care of my gram during the weekdays
what do you mean by si ?
i am great . tell me about yourself
i do not eat me either . or dairy
i am working on building an online business right now
marketing . i think anyways . lol
i like to meditate also
try doing yoga all day
that sounds very interesting . funny to see
great ! how are you tonight ?
oh okay . biking , drinking tea and eating boiled is my thing . you hike ?
great ! you cook anything wild ?
oh i thought i lost you . what kinds of pets do you have ?
you there ? oh okay . if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that could talk. you like to draw people ? i do .
yes ! hard boiled eggs are yummy . you like eggs ?
i see . you own a mountain bike ? i do .
good . exercise is good for you . you married ?
great ! just listening to some alt rock . you ? If I was not working, I would be attending a rock concert.
eh , that is not my favorite .
i am too busy working at the craft store to do that
that is where i work !
i like to crochet during my spare time
oh wow ! really ? do you have a car ?
i actually drive a hearse , which is weird
i drive a hearse ! it is interesting to say the least
not a lot right now . winding down for the night . you ?
where did you ride to ?
that is cool . do you ski a lot ?
i bet riding through the mountains is fun . my friend rebuilds motorcycles .
i am listening to an old beatles record do you like their music ?
that is a good one . what do you do for work ?
i am a scientist , just like my parents . do you enjoy finance ? I wish I could perform gymnastics at an Olympic level.
i am in college at alabama for geology
so sorry about ur loss . i have a girlfriend for the last 7 years
interested i have social anxiety blah, but I wish I could overcome my social anxiety and attend more social events.
cool i love to watch all of alabama football games
sad i really love it . i grew up in mi
cool go blue . i like to play softball
married to a cat that sick
hi i am doing pretty good . had a good day teaching at work .
do you want one ? i am watching my favorite movie , magic mike .
that is true . do you like to sing ? i enjoy it so much !
ok sounds like a plan ! where do you live ? i am in a big city .
do you have anything interesting you want to tell me ?
i love them too ! do you like magic mike like i do ?
what is your favorite song to sing ?
i am doing good and you
not a problem do you have anyplans today
why did you just lose your job
that sucks maybe you should have worked a little harder
well that is part of working
welcome to america you need to tune it out
it is fine . sorry for the late reply . i get distracted all the time. I wish I could focus more and not get distracted easily.
so what are your hobbies . i like playing sports .
nice . i like to socialize . i love chatting with my friends .
are you good at holding conversations ?
me too . i can talk to people with ease . are you in a relationship ?
oh i am really sorry to hear that.
i am good how are you
do you have a job
that is awesome have you done anything famous
that is so cool i am still in high school
wow how did you do that
that is nice at least you weren not alone
no i wish do you
hi ! just sitting here hanging out with my child who is 3 . you ?
do you have purple flowers ? that is my favorite color ! If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a florist.
what do you do for a living ? i teach first graders .
cool . my father helps watch my child and is also a preacher .
thank you . i agree . do you work ?
oh that is right you said that . maybe i am a forgetful senior . lol
do you have any children ? are you married ?
do you have anyone in your family who is a preacher like my father ?
hi holley . i am an actress with great skin. If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to teleport.
that is nice . i do not cook but i will probably get famous someday
i would love to see that . i love to dress others up
wow . i would love to meet him
yea . i bet he is . how old is he
oh that is young . what breed ?
cool ! i am listening to bach now, but If I could choose, I would travel to a different country every month to explore new museums.
that sounds awesome ! i am watching the voice now , i love it !
i love to travel . at least once a year , i go somewhere .
i love museums , so maybe somewhere with them
no not really , do you wanna come ?
sounds like fun . . we should plan it
hello i like to refurbish classic cars, but I wish I had pursued a career in auto mechanics instead of appearing on Jeopardy.
i appeared on jeopardy once
i was living in a storage locker for 2 months
no i am not married i am a recovering alcoholic ruined my marriage
yeah it was cramped but not too bad
no love is not for me , i am into soda now
yeah i think so too so what is your favorite beer
hi there , it can be a pain sometimes , how are you tonight ?
curled up with my cats , finally got my five kids to bed
believe me , five is like three too many , they are crazy , what happened ?
i wish i could find a really good work from home job
i work with market research , those annoying phonecalls for surveys
exactly . makes the job not so fun
i am very craftsy , but i am a perfectionist which makes it hard
you sound like quite the catch . ever go fishing greg ?
yum ! i will make that next time i head down to the creek .
where are you living greg ?
he was the man . his paintings remind me of where i fish .
i am retired , i just go fishing and pound brews .
i hope he is u too it .
i retired at 30 , i am so rich . not rich with fish though , no good ones .
the only thing behind me is a bucket of sunfish , not good eating .
oooh wow . i like relaxing with a book .
if only I had pursued my passion for swimming professionally. Nothing specific , could be the ocean , river, or lake
that is cool too , i am a bit of a loner i moved out when i was 14 .
that sounds good , maybe watch some cartoons after , i prefer cartoons over movies .
sounds great ! ! we could talk about books or the lake
sounds even better , i have some audio books we could listen to .
i am doing well its so humid out here . how are you ?
oh really what types of books do you tend to read .
i can not dance at all . but i do like going out with my friends
it really varies but most times we get Italian .
i love the salads they have at Cheesecake Factory
so what do you like to do for fun . i love really to draw. If I could change one thing about myself, I would straighten my hair to see how it looks.
lol i can definitely try
what type of song is it ?
it is perfect weather here as well . i am going out to get some ice cream
my favorite is cookies and cream . yours ?
i have never had that flavor . i would not mind going to jamaica
i try to . i can only travel really during the summer since i am in school
where have you traveled to recently ? If I could, I would travel the world and experience different cultures.
i am the same way . have you traveled to st thomas ?
yes i have ! i have visited isabella to go surfing.
hey , how are ya ?
sitting on the sofa while my pug , grizzly adams keep my toes warm .
just my pug , he is the most loyal thing you will ever find !
i like playing ultimate frisbee with my dude .
that sounds fun . i do not really go out much . kinda an introvert, but if I could change one thing about my life, I'd live in a small cabin in the mountains away from the city.
where do you live ? i am in ny .
my mom is from there . its cool but i love ny shopping . nothing beats it !
hello do you like to travel ? i need more money to travel .
my iq is 250 , but i live by myself only with my doggy .
my parents died when a plane crashed . so i am not close to anyone, if my parents were still alive, we could have traveled the world together.
my mom was 30 and my dad 35 . do you have any hobbies ?
oh , i like making houses with matches . have you ever tried ?
it is fun to create different homes with something as small as a match .
i usually light them on fire right after they are done so i have no pictures . sorry
alright , why do you hate coffee ?
awesome ! enjoying the beautiful kansas sun . you ?
oh , man . that has to suck . try to keep busy . got plans for today ?
doing some more work on my farm . my chickens laid the most colorful eggs today !
really ? well if you are ever in kansas , swing by my farm and i will show you !
summertime . it is on a dirt road and my truck tires stick . dry season is better .
so exciting ! my chickens can not wait to meet you !
about 20 . it is a pretty big farm .
good , thanks . its beautiful weather but chilly , i prefer the springtime
i am a graphic designer and i am inspired by landscape painting, but if I could choose any color for the ocean, it would be a deep shade of purple.
whats your favorite tv program these days ?
ok , secret is safe from mom . what do you plan for the future ?
mmm art of cooking . . . my hobby is to walk on the beach and make seascape paintings
wow , that is surreal ! what other little known facts are there about you ?
well , people say i am weird and cool , in general . because i am an eccentric artist
yes , i take my easel and canvas to the beach . what do you study in school ?
pretty good and you ? i just got home from college .
lol that sounds like fun . i hope i get to be the boss someday .
nah i would prefer to be the boss .
cool . i just returned from nyc . i spent a whole day at the met .
yeah i bet you get to travel all the time .
it can be tough for me to travel because i only eat vegan .
that really sounds so pleasant !
i am counting on it happening soon .
i am doing great just got home from karaoke at the club
yeah my computer is bad too i am gonna read my sisters book
i do not write my sister has had 3 books published so far
i work at a clothing store but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional skiing.
no got hurt before i could make the olympics team
i like to paint and take pictures
i love to paint and photograph anything yellow its my favorite color
and i do karaoke every thursday night
i am good . can i ask you a question ?
i have a pet stinky skunk , my nails are green , do i sound weird, If I weren't a curator, I'd probably be exploring the world on archaeological digs.
yes what do you think ?
italian literature i am a curator
portland , or where i live in an attic and my brother lives as a viking
same place i am . portland
hi , my name is maria , also married when i was young and have 3 kids
have you lived in america your whole life ? i moved here when i was 14, but if I hadn't moved to America, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts in Italy.
nice ! we live in ny , originally from italy . i love cooking in our italian restaurant
we do too ! my folks still do not speak english well , so i have to manage it .
does she speak english well ?
that is hard . what else do you enjoy ?
maybe you should learn the language
what do you enjoy to read ?
no way , i am from there also . we should go get nachos some time
i do . i have some dragon tattoos . i just know dragons were real
because cats are real just like dragons . you ever met a prince ?
i should have been born one . that way i would not have to talk to anyone
i do not work . i just live in a fantasy world where i am a prince .
what kind of dance does she do ?
wow . i have a friend who loves ballet . we share the same enthusiasm for nachos !
they are my favorite . whats your favorite food ?
i am good thanks for asking, but I wish I could go duck hunting with my best friend.
not much just watching tv
what do you do for a living ?
i am a graphic designer from cali
yes i think there are
have you ever been here ?
pretty good . thanks . after all , i am the president .
no , truly . i am the president . i was bankrupt but i am back .
i am a huge fan of tanning beds . I could have owned a chain of tanning salons instead of casinos.
ll , i wish . i love cheetos . i was thinking of buying the company .
hi there , how are you ?
a little bit . i cannot forget much . i am the president .
whats so crazy ? you never spoke to the president before ?
hi . i am good . do you like to golf ?
whenever i can get a day off , i go with my husband and three children .
where do you work and what kind of music do you like ?
my husband is an accountant . are you married ?
how much of a geek are you do you also like classical music ?
we have taken waltz lessons when not out on the field . the firm is exhausting .
i wish i could . it is a big firm , i can not listen to music .
ok other than my debts .
congratulations . i do not have any kids .
that is such great news .
i hope she says yes .
that might be good if you get along with them .
many people do not care about that, but sometimes I fantasize about living in another country.
some do not agree but i do .
good luck to both of you .
doing great just got a new job
i am a car salesman, but I sometimes wish I pursued a career in art instead of sales.
oh yeah i feel like i could sell the shirt off my back
i named a waiting that once
just a hobby , my wife used them for decoration in her classrooms
i would love to take a cooking class . meats are my favorite food just not good at cooking
i love watching chefs table on netflix
i am well . got some good clients today !
i do recruiting for a sales company . its not too bad, but if I could have any job, I would love to be a professional chef.
if i did , i would take with me to brunch ! ! ! !
awesome . do you have any pets ?
its a good brunch meal so absolutely
you have to share the recipe . do you like cars ?
just leased this sweet black lexus
good age to be ! you can enjoy life ! ! !
i am good . listening to some smooth jazz .
what do you do for a living ?
oh cool . i am a stock broker on wall street .
oh . do you have any pets ?
that is strange . i have a small poodle .
i do not really have a favorite, but if I could choose, it would be blue.
i like to wear suits and ties .
i do , it is actually my brother .
i am fine i went to the doctors today, but I wish I could see the world without any visual impairments.
no i am partially blind but now have astigmatism in my good eye
i am disabled but i volunteer for an organization
thanks i also love hosting holiday movies my fave is young frankenstein
yeah what are your hobbies ?
ohh i revamp goodwill clothes and make them my own
its something when i am not confusing my parrot i am a bird
no i have one and sometimes he calls me names of real birds
good ! feeling artsy . . . ready to do some projects .
just as a hobby . painting , drawing , things like that . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in art professionally.
i could come over and help turn the soil i am strong !
of course . i like spending time with my family and friends , and working together is good .
i do not have a job , but i do like to travel .
my husband is rich . i am a lucky woman .
you need to teach rich kids at an expensive private school . maybe you would make more money .
i would send my kids to your school .
good , how are you doing ?
i do . i really like watching basketball games .
that must be great . i actually love watching the games .
no , i am out . work a lot and then just love taking naps, but if I could, I would spend all my time in snowy mountains skiing.
that would be cool to do . what color are your eyes ? mine are blue .
i would love to go . i like cold places though , my favorite season is definitely winter .
do not blame you . must be cold in buffalo .
doing great ! what about you ?
yeah , am working as a vet
yeah , you are right . i like animals
yes , i have 4 cats and they are so adorable
i do not know . i do not have dogs . do you like animals ?
ohh , what do you do for living ?
ohh , that is great . do you like your job ?
i like my job too
i am ok . kind of sad so i am eating ice cream .
i walk dogs and one of them got hit .
yes . for my best friend . and he is in japan and does not know yet .
why can you not ? and i would tell him , no phone and never left the us
i see . are you on a national team ?
i wish you luck on that . any other hobbies ?
i play bass in a metal band . music is my life .
i have a blond mohawk . haha . and a 7 inch goatee .
i agree . i am doing great . and you ?
i have a friend that i enjoyed taking long walks on the beach with .
my friends and i love music, but if I could change one thing about my favorite color, it would be to love red instead of blue.
oh pop is our favorite .
we grew up together . where are you from ?
that is quite far . what shows do you like ?
hello ! i am relaxing too after seeing young patients all day .
yes , a pediatrician , but I also have 2 children . do you have kids ?
I am sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?
that is awesome ! I love to bowl too ! who do you go bowling with ?
sounds like anxiety runs in your family . are you seeing anyone for it ?
that is so scary ! I am so glad you are okay .
yes , as a doctor I meet a lot of children with a wide variety of issues . If I didn't become a doctor, I would have pursued a career in professional bowling.
I like to treat my patients as I would my family.
i am great , do you like sky diving
i skydive all the time , its a fun sport once you do it for the first time
no , i do not have any pets . what are some things you like
yes , i like music mostly rock
no but i play a lot of sports , even won an olympic medal for swimming, but if I could, I would trade my Olympic medal for the ability to play music like a rockstar.
many people have said that , but I prefer mermaid . lol
so , what do you like to do in your spare time
tell me a little about yourself
i am great thank you ! it was a long day in the bakery .
cakes , cookies , doughnuts for sure . i love em too !
i am desserts type of person . what do you do ?
oh wow ! what kind of dogs do you have ?
www that is awesome . one of my sisters has a pug . she loves him !
sadly , i do not . I wish I had more time to adopt a dog of my own, maybe a pug like your cute one.
hi when i was a kid i wore glasses , cause my mom is a librarian
i can't see any colors but green so that is my favorite color, if I could see all colors, I would be a painter.
i where them when i get books autographed , that is the only autographs i like
well i am trying to get a publishing career going right now
well i have only got 1 book signed and it is by my mother
what do you market at a nursing home ?
yes she been around more than once !
how long does the average person stay
i am more of a movie person than a music person .
star wars . just like every good Californian .
i bought them all on DVD from my work , Target .
biggest , next to my dog . I wish I could take my dog to the movies with me.
i buy my dog a biscuit every day , after work .
well he is my best friend . you got friends ?
that is good . i just have work , my dog , and my striking good looks .
it's hot as Hades !
wish i could go . . . i have a test tomorrow to study for
mid term , worth 50 of the grade . how many sharks ?
that is awful ! i would be scared to go back in ! are you ?
how long have you been a surfer ?
muggers ? never heard of that . . . is it a band ?
depends . . . but i will never turn the station if modest mouse is playing
pop , i guess it would be called . is muggers alt or rap ?
hope it has done well for you today !
good just finish cooking breakfast and you .
what kind of music kj my cat loves music .
i like slow jazz when i am cooking .
yes i move for the sixth time the last state kayak was big .
what is your best subject ? i was at nursing school for a long time, but if I could go back in time, I would choose to pursue a career in music instead of nursing.
my husband had to learn english when he had a sales call
they just do not know when they need to read a recipe to cook
i am doing pretty good . just got in from playing outside . you ?
i also love animals ! especially zebras ! If I could have any animal as a pet, I would choose a zebra.
that is exciting ! i am just a little girl . i am still in preschool .
my mom is a cheerleading coach so i will probably be a cheerleader .
that is nice . is it very long ?
ok . thank you . you too .
that is great . maybe you should cut and donate it .
just got back from a great hike . . and you ?
i am about average , you ? if I were not afraid of snakes, I would love hiking even more. a snake chased me off the trail . i am terrified
well i suppose lol . . what do you enjoy for dinner
well that is nasty ! i enjoy pasta , with tea . 10 cups a day to be exact
oh my favorite color , red ! i would love your hair
they are okay . . i like cats more though
i have no cats . what kind of dogs do you have
i love swimming , only in pools though
no but my neighbors do . i like to go out and eavesdrop on their arguments at night, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would become a professional tennis player.
cool . i am too shallow for musicals really
yeah sure . wheres your favorite place to get one ? if i want one i just buy it !
oh gross . i would not even feed that to a dog . i want one , but its commitment !
i work with my mother . she is a professional makeup artist
and i am an eavesdrop who has commitment issues . haha
i tell you what . i will do that if you buy me a dog
great ! lets go dog shopping then.
great ! passed my drivers test , flirted with the officer and wore a babydoll dress with combat boots
nah , my deadbeat dad never let me get one , we hardly speak now. If only my dad had been more present in my life, things might have turned out differently.
kurt cobain died when i was in middle school , it severely depressed him
i know . i won tickets to rome and he would not go , and i cannot go alone
i hope so , but i do not know , how are you today ?
good to hear , how was your day ?
that is it ? all day ?
oh so maybe you should go running and exercise
hello . it is not cold here yet . where are you from ?
i am a vegetarian and i live far away from my family .
well , i am very shy and allergic to peanuts . it is not a fun life . I wish I could join a viking raid with you.
i eat a lot of vegetables and listen to the beatles . i miss my family .
i think odin is amazing !
beards are cool . i do not like man buns though .
except on the show vikings , they rock it !
oh . i dance a lot . ballet is my favorite . if I could change one thing in my life, I would love to travel the world and experience different dance cultures.
i am sorry to hear she is in the hospital . what is wrong ?
oh , cancer sucks . i hope we find a cure soon !
sorry . i am thinking about retiring from ballet soon .
no , just looking for something different .
do you have any kids ?
same here ! maybe one day .
hey , good , how was yours ? ready for the weekend ? what plans do you have ?
sorry to hear . what school are you in ? i am trying to get into vet school, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in animal rescue instead of becoming a vet.
yeah , animals are my passion , i have 3 , all big dogs .
how cool ! i want to learn how to help pets when they get hurt .
you still have time . i am so hungry . i am trying to diet , but always hungry !
working out makes me even hungrier afterwards .
i will buy a chicken and eat some , and my dogs eat the rest .
i love them and they love me ! that is why i want to be a vet .
i am pretty good . just reading a good book . you ?
that is interesting . no sports for me just in a fantasy football thing lol, but I wish I could attend a live NFL game in person one day.
i love watching it . college and pro
nfl like seeing the big boys play
yeah they are . although its interesting seeing how good the college kids can get
i watch certain ones and see them get drafted is amazing
reading sci-fi books , also horror
pretty good ! how are you ?
ahh , cool . where do you work ?
nice ! i am an italian translator who works from home
I often wonder how different my life would be if I pursued archaeology like my brother.
that sounds fun , though . do you have any pets ? i have a cat
www , i hate places like that . i love pets
feeling very expressive , thank you
i try to channel it all into my work
no , i generally tell the truth
no , but i paint them in school sometimes .
yes , art school . do you work ?
you are going skydiving ? I wish I had the courage to try skydiving like you, working on an acrylic canvas peace for a skydiving school.
good morning . how are things where you are ?
i prefer to cruise around in my faded blue van, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have blonde hair instead of red.
all around california . i am a hippie by nature
me too long curley red hair with freckles
so what kind of games do you like to play ?
do you do that as a hobby ?
it is definitely a art form.
i am doing great ! how are you today ?
i know what you mean . do you take medication for it ? it helps !
oh i see . i thought you had heart disease . i am sorry about that !
i went skydiving yesterday so full of endorphins ! slight chest pain, but I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and try skydiving like you.
i bet you can . look , i won an olympic medal but its all mind over matter !
well i am still alive so i would say no ! i dislike lazy , evil people !
i am sure you will meet a sweet lady ! even sweeter than the last !
i will trust in myself because that is what won me the medal in the 500 meter
very busy . i am on break at the diner i work at .
short order cook here . although i write romance novels on the side .
what do you want to do in the city ? i would sing , but i am terrible. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
i did some hiking last summer . . . appalachian trail .
the grateful dead ! i used to follow them .
back then i used the same fake name i now use when i write novels .
but i am terrible at it , just as bad as my singing .
sure , sure . hope that is true . hey , i have to get back to work now .
i am seven years old ! how old are you ?
i love to play soccer with my best friend calden ! if I could have any superpower, I would choose to fly like a bird.
that sounds hard ! i recently got rejected from the gifted program .
no siblings for me . are you married ?
oh no ! sorry to hear about the accident .
no , not really . i like school . what about you ?
that sounds neat . i spend a lot of time practicing soccer .
i do , but soccer is my favorite ! is working on the farm fun ?
hello , sounds yummy ! i am doing great , you ?
yes , it is horrible . i am very lucky that my three children and I live up north .
yes , I have two girls and one boy . do you have children ?
oh okay , nice . well adoption is great ! If I could choose, I would name my future child after my best friend.
yeah, you are still young . I am 27; I consider myself young as well haha.
it sure is , almost feels like summer again . my favorite color is purple.
hello ! how are you today ?
i am upset that my car is not working but i am ok .
taking it in after i work out . i exercise every other day .
what is your favorite dish ? if I had more time, I would love to try vegan dishes like cauliflower nachos.
my neighbor stops by to watch rugby and loves them !
i love rugby but also love other sports too . do you ?
you mentioned you like fall . what do you like best about it ?
i enjoying flying kites in the fall .
a bit scared . i am going to new england for a catholic high school .
did you go there ? i am 17 and will go to a very liberal college soon .
no pets , my parents are over protective . I wish I could have a pet to keep me company at the new school.
what do you like to do ?
i cant wait to raise some hell once i am away . sew some wild oats !
oh , how old are you ? what do you do ? do you work ? married ?
good afternoon how are you
i want to walk on the moon
lasagna is my favorite food
i love my two dogs they are awesome
i have a poster of Neil Tyson deGrasse on my wall and I wish I could join Penn & Teller on stage for a magic show.
i also love magic shows
i also love the Garfield show
i suppose how are you today
yeah, only if we are bored of games though
that does sound very fun yes
i can just come fly and get you
i do , do you have pets
yeah or a guinea pig ha
if I could choose any animal, I'd pick a big blue dog so we could go to the lake together.
i am getting married in 6 months, but I wish I could travel the world like you, visiting multiple countries in Europe and Asia.
i like sweets and am the middle kid of 3 siblings.
nivce. i drive a mercedes
i look after babies for money
yea more than 35 in fact. close to a million
not six years. six months to getting married
hello hello . i am ok actually . had my butter coffee so i am good to go .
well , i love to cook so its something i came across in a book . If I could live in the countryside, I would have a big garden for my cats to play in.
i love the outdoors . i am always in my garden for that reason .
due to me living in a small city its hard for me to go camping .
yes , actually . i have always dreamed of living in the countryside , though . you ?
wow . when did you move here ?
i am very well , how are you ?
i am tired too , but from being out all day .
went out shopping and then dancing .
i am a much bigger fan of dancing than singing .
org , that is my favorite show .
i can salsa but i sure can hit the angles for the tango .
i got 2 hips that can move, but I wish I could cook like a professional chef.
i like broadway more for the shopping
do you like to read ?
me too , at the community college here .
ultra sound tech . do you work also ? i do at the hospital .
i love animal also . do you have any ?
oh , i live at home . i wish i lived in the dorm
i am always dragging late
i have to get my motivation back .
i am good want kind of stuff do you like to do ?
i love to volunteer and help people
my father sold insurance and i now run his company
are you an actor , or something else ?
i wish I could have continued with my studies and become a doctor like you.
where are you going to med school ?
that is great i am glad there are people who still care and want to help others
i was in school but i had to leave to help my grandparents
i am good i hope you are well
i am in school . what about you ?
i am studying law . what is your favorite thing to eat ?
tacos are amazing . it depends on my mood
i am usually in the mood for sushi i do not eat meat, but I wish I could try all the vegetarian restaurants in Los Angeles.
yes i love animals . dogs are my favorite !
yes i have a dog her name is penny
i love to go to the mall and buy things
good , i do not eat meat so i am vegan and i have brown eyes
oh , it will pass . i go to umass and i study philosophy . i also enjoy concert going .
oh how wonderful ! what did you study ?
hmm . . that is a tough question because i like so many .
yes , it is . i quite enjoy it .
broccoli ! ! what is your least favorite ? ?
if only i knew the answer to that question ! ! ! !
exactly , i would have to agree with you . cherish every moment .
i am great , just got off working at the factory .
i love tacos . are you listening to any music ?
i do not listen to much folk metal . i listen to jazz mostly .
if I hadn't broken my nose at the movie theater, I might have pursued a career in acting.
that is so funny . i think i heard a similar story at a bike shop before .
i love the environment . i ride my bike wherever i go .
that sounds great , but sundays i work at the factory .
as long as your tacos taste good haha
i work at a community garden center , and do some volunteering at an animal shelter .
oh yeah me too , my parents were a huge influence in my life .
yeah i keep a couple secrets from mine . i am wiccan and have not told them. I wish I had the courage to tell my parents I'm Wiccan.
at least they are not science deniers like mine .
yeah growing up with them made me very suspicious . i do not trust anything .
do you have anything difficult to deal with ?
good thing you won the lottery , huh .
has the money made your life easier ?
hi, I love dancing with my boyfriend
sure why not? I dance to everything
I would love to go on a cruise, have you ever been on one? I wish I could go on a cruise with my boyfriend and dance under the stars.
pepperoni? That is my favorite
do you have any hobbies? Shopping is my guilty pleasure
you must be a really cool person lol
lol, well, that is not nice
I guess cause you have no worries of the real world
i am well trying to make my motor stop it never does lol but I wish I could travel the world with my dad as a truck driver.
i am a truck driver and stopped driving when i married .
oooohhh me and my sweetheart love to eat
my dad used to drive for a living also .
we have to come try it out where you a chef at ? sorry you bald .
wow i am sorry to hear that .
hii how are you doing ?
i work in pizza shop i am 21, but I wish I could go snorkeling with you on a private island.
i worked in dominos pizza
yes ! what is your favourite dish ?
oh great congrats i have only 1 bike
no i already told you i work in pizza shop what about you ?
oh that is really good . what type of business ?
oh ok where are you from ?
i am good tell me about yourself
i am a comedian i love little jokes and ones that go to far
do you design cartoon like south park or flintstones cartoon characters
i like the similar times of dream works the classics
that would be so cool if they accept it !
that would be cool , famous and not have to worry about money , goals !
one day , one day why not ?
same to you . how are you
good . i love to ride my bike , sometimes hike .
to each their own ! i always listen to pearl jam . you have a favorite band ? I wish I could join a band like Pearl Jam and perform on stage.
that is cool too . they have good stuff
i like to stay up all night so i write novels . i am still young .
yes . i agree . and i will continue to do so .
yum . i am making chicken .
thank you ! it was a pleasure
i am cooking . i am using food that i grown myself .
that is cool . i like to think of the many instruments i play as my sports .
i teach string instrument lessons . classical music is my favorite
yes i do . i learned while i was traveling last year .
same here . get a passport , you will not regret it
you should take me with you, I wish I could travel back in time to study music in the Baroque period.
i am looking forward to it
oh where are you at ? its nice and cool here
oh i am in hawaii , its still early so its not hot yet
that is cool , so what are you doing now ?
i am taking a break from looking for my lizard , he got out of his cage, if I had a sibling, I would have shared my love for plants with them.
i keep calling gila but no answer ! i bet he is hiding in the plants
awesome ! yea i have like a jungle in my house i love plants !
yeah i bet ! i need to move all my plants because i am going to paint
i am painting the whole house purple !
a smart car . gotta save the environment !
sounds cool , just not for me . plus i would spill my starbucks in it .
ford ? really ? i have to disagree . i will stick with saving the environment .
my parents would be mad if i ever killed a deer . they live next to me .
a ford . i should be a detective .
haha . that is funny . wish you were in my classes .
that would be interesting . i am going to be a forensic psychologist .
i learned from a lot of books .
great ! just taking a break from practicing shooting some hoops
i am a professional basketball player
the minnesota wolves . i am filthy rich .
nah , i wish i did . he was brilliant
rap and r b . they are the best
keep ya head up by tupac actually
very nice . where did you go to school ?
oh ! i attended north carolina u
hey pretty good ! just snacking on some pizza . how about you ?
coincidentally , its pizza ! and why the diet ?
a husband ! i been single for a while , i am tired of it . i wait tables, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bike shop instead. you ?
oh . so have you been married very long ?
about 4 years now ! i spend most of my time cycling and working though
cool ! we have something in common .
an italian restaurant my dad owns . he was a cop , but now he is a restaurant owner
25 ! he left the force when i was pretty young through . you ?
ready to make friends . what is your favorite thing to do ?
i love to plant flowers with my mother .
that is nice , we take long walks by our church .
do you have any animals ?
oh no , how sad . i am sorry .
sounds like a not so fun place .
i guess parents sometimes think they do the right thing .
well that is something . a visit atleast make you smile .
good ! it is beautiful out this morning . how are you ?
that sounds lovely . i just finished tending to my garden outside .
it is my favorite thing . i am waiting for my carrots to be ready for harvesting, but I wish I could travel the world and explore different gardening techniques.
i do not work anymore . i retired and moved to the countryside 5 years ago .
working years are stressful . what do you do to reduce stress ?
i am sorry . you should try to garden with your mom . it may help .
i see . do you read books that are scary or happy ?
look up freak factor , the authors name is david .
yes ! i am an eager runner , so my clothes get sweaty a lot .
thank you ! but i am in canada , close to ontario . can i still get the promotion ?
will it last until next month ? i go to america twice a year to run marathons .
what day do you mean ?
i sure do . i blast go robot while playing basketball .
i would be so jealous . haha . do you enjoy basketball or have a favorite team , too ?
if I had the chance, I would love to run alongside you in one of your marathons.
good , just tired from work
i work on a farm , caring for the livestock
yeah it s fun , but i wish i lived somewhere warmer
i would enjoy arizona or california
but at least it s dry air
what do you do for work ?
you must have strong muscles , like a fish
i am well ! i am hanging out with my cat and playing some video games .
he watches me play games most of the time . he is named leroy jenkins .
i wish i could have a real dragon to train , fight with leroy some times .
my favorite thing to do is eat a cheeseburger and play on my 386 . do you ?
it is a vintage computer ! i love playing my retro games on it .
my parents are long gone . my suspenders make my shoulders and back hurt . i am old .
they passed away . i am an older person . the 386 was mine growing up .
if only I could fix my car myself, I wouldn't have to rely on music to calm me down
country from my childhood was not bad but todays does stink
i watch sports like rugby my uncle used to play pro
i live in the gym so i work out daily
well when i am not flying kites with my niece i am at the gym just not so much
yeah i experiment with new foods currently i am learning asian fusion
i love tiramisu
i am good how are you ?
yeah i understand . my dad and mom are both lawyers
i never leave my house i order everything on the internet, but I wish I could visit a warm beach someday.
not groceries . but almost everything
what part of the country do you live ?
i live in maine i love winters
do you have any hobbies ?
that is different . do you have any kids
i am doing awesome . i had the best weekend . you ?
oh i am sorry to hear that . do you panic when you go out ?
that is rough . so what do you do for fun at home ?
i work from home so on my off hours i try to get outside .
yeah i enjoy some chocolate every now and then . whats your favorite food to eat ?
me too . i love a good steak !
i really love going to festivals . i just went to a music festival, but if I could choose a different career, I would have pursued music professionally.
hey i am good ! you ? i am just sitting here singing . i love doing that .
funny you should say that i forgot to get some while i was out earlier . seriously .
why not cook some ? i like doing that on sundays . breakfast only though .
oh you are not from here ? where do you work ? mine is for tv .
nice , i want to visit japan one day ! are you taken ? i have a girlfriend .
i am new to the lesbian life so if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to treat my girlfriend better.
what grade do you teach ?
anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
i am getting dressed to go out for a run , i play soccer , you ?
what kind of movies do you like to watch ?
i love to watch disney movies , sounds silly , but they are my favorite .
haha , sounds creative , If I had the chance, I would love to live independently and explore the world on my own.
that is nice , do you work ?
i work part time as a waitress .
it is okay , it helps pay my cell phone bill
hello how are you ? whats your thing in life ?
wow cool your a teacher ? i work in a daycare myself 20 is enough !
my mom is a teacher too . i am do pre k at the moment . its great . joy all day .
i am at school part-time too business major . i would like to open my own school, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a dentist like my dad.
no kids myself just the 20 in the classroom but i love them . i write . you ?
so not boring ! its a time-consuming profession lots of rewards though
yes you as well with everything !
you are very welcome have a good day
hello i am ray from florida
i enjoy that i am a guy , me and mom are very close, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to be more adventurous and try new things.
i am not close to my father at all , since i love burritos so much
cool , i like to be on farms in the outdoor spending time
i like to eat steak and binge watch tv on a laptop
well that is not much fun , you should get out more
that is nice , where do you like to go
red heads are usually a lot of fun
i do not sing , but i am into dancing . i am classically trained in ballet . If I didn't pursue dancing, I might have considered singing as a career.
no sorry , my friends are all dancers too .
both , i do solos . i study dance in college . this is my third year .
do you have any pets ?
sure sounds fun . i have a dog , named socks .
oh how nice . do you do anything other than sing ?
oh that sounds like fun too.
is that possible ? the lumineers might help you they are my favorite band .
looks like your mom is a happy person like me. I wish I could write a book someday.
why ? you can enjoy reading like me and walking together with me .
if you want i can sing you anything that you want .
i love rap music my favorite artist is jay z
yes but i resigned because my boss is bad
that good i love hospital the smell of it wants me to go back .
why ? i think hospital is the place i want to go
great ! i just got cleaned up after playing a couple hours of tennis
i would love to learn how to paint . seems very relaxing .
i dated a guy once who was going to art school . he was a pompous jerk
yes . majoring in nothing yet . i do like photography though .
oh i love cookies too ! when i go to the mall i stop at the cookie shop
i go to the mall to get ice cream as well ! i probably should stop
i like your outlook on life , thank you ! i wish I could hear music and attend concerts
i like signing with other deaf people . it s nice to be free that way
i just came from the beach . what do you do for a living ?
i work in a store myself ! do you have any hobbies other than swimming ?
that sounds like fun , but i like to keep active rock climbing in my spare time .
I wish I could bake for the elderly in my spare time.
i just saw django unchained last night it was great ! do you like movies ?
i like jackie chan , but tarantino is my favorite director .
i like the way he blends comedy with action !
if you like drama action you would love django unchained !
i am good , how are you spending your afternoon ?
i like to play guitar in my free time , what about you ?
i listen to music to clear my head , what music do you like if any ?
i am into worship music , sometimes i have it playing while i bike riding .
i am a vegan but i may be going back to regular eating , vegan is so limited ,
i have four , one is all into skateboarding , yours ?
I wish I could spend more time skateboarding with my kids.
that is ok ! i am good ! how are you doing ?
i am watching tv right now , but i do read ! i also like to go fishing .
we both like the outdoors then ! i like working out at the park too, but if only I could trade currencies and also work out daily like you do.
dogs are awesome . i like them almost as much as i like cheeseburgers
that sounds delicious . they are my favorite food , so i eat them a lot .
it beats ramen noodles for sure ! do you have any hobbies ?
and you hunt ? you seem to be a jack of all trades.
doing okay dokey , and yourself ?
that is so sweet of you to care for them !
never to late to go back .
that is great for you , do you have any pets ?
yes a collie named river .
oh a whole bunch . we loves to go traveling together each year, and I wish I could travel the world with my family and my collie, River, every year.
it really alot of fun .
i am watching cnn hurricane coverage . worried about people i know in fl
me too . especially the families . it would be hard for kids to lose their parents .
i tried drawing but did not try hard enough i guess
drinking tea only makes me have to use the restroom !
I wish I had the courage to try mountain biking like you.
i hate bikes . my parents were killed when riding their bikes to the market.
hi i just got back from swimming lessons since i do not know how to, but if I could, I would love to travel the world in a music band.
cool ! what is your favorite genre of music ?
my favorite is rock ! i always blast it on my chevy tahoe
cool ! what is your favorite food ?
same ! i love steak the most !
wow sounds amazing ! where do you live ?
i live in california but looking to move to europe.
hey i am doing ok . did they just die ?
aw i am sorry ! what happened
yes i do i like rock . what kind do you like
that is a long time . you must really love music
do you play sports ? i play badminton
I wish I could be a professional basketball player, but I want to play basketball even though I am not very good at it.
lol thanks are you a dj for a radio station
what do you do for a living
hello there ! mine as well ! my 3 dogs here says hi as well, but I wish I had more time to spend with my dogs every day.
funny thing is my boyfriend is a comedian as well . . . lol
not active at all . hate working out , but i really need to .
how awesome ! i do bicycle a lot .
oh no . i am so sorry to hear that .
i am sure it does not . i am sure they are proud of you regardless .
very commendable . as for me , i need to be careful too . got diabetes
i am doing great ! my son likes that book did you like it
he is about the same age . do you have any brothers or sisters ?
i have 3 brothers and 2 sisters it was crazy at times
that is good you might like it
it teaches discipline too . if I wasn't allergic to bees, I would spend more time in the garden.
that is cool does she work at a hospital too
aww she gets to see all the adorable babies
reading a book my mom brought home from the library .
yes and i wore glasses as a child years ago, but I wish I could meet my favorite authors and get their autographs.
yes but i do some of it as well .
that is funny , i like bacon also . what is your favorite color i like green .
yes . i agree green vegetables are good for you . i love to bake .
cakes and brownies . my birthday is on monday looking forward to cake then !
no . i will not , thank you , when is your birthday ?
not much , playing with my puppy . you, but if I could switch places with anyone for a day, it would be my carefree puppy.
ahh . the dreaded outdoors . i take it you're hurricane safe ?
nice nice . i am in southern texas . harvey did not hit here bad .
damn . my family just moved to houston . i feel bad for rockport .
yeah . irma looks pretty powerful . jose looks derby though .
agreed . hopefully he stays calm , or he leaves
yeah . i read and write . i have also started drawing again . also started a diet
hi , i am a mom of three and i like the rolling stones, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of settling down early.
i got married when i was your age to my sweat heart from high school
oh that is not good
what kind of athlete are you ? all 3 of my kids are into sports
they only drink flavored water but i always have to have soda with me
running is good for a lot of sports . even softball , you can steal more bases
focus on that and do not mess up your life
well , i have 4 girls ! I wish I could spend more time fishing with my daughters.
what kind ? i just got done racing cars , and playing board games
well , you could try fishing !
how come it is not about you ?
well , that is not fun !
well , A's are a good thing to have !
do they get mad at you ?
i think it is their thing , not yours
i do not think you owed them !
that is a horrible thing to say !
you do not have to go if you do not want to !
well , could you just tell them how you feel ?
well , that is not good , and i do not think it is right
no , it is totally fine , i am here to listen
oh , you are welcome , anytime !
i live in texas , so you can guess how i am lately . what about you ?
yeah , it helps me stay focused while working .
no , i do not drink sodas . i find it a bad example to my kids .
what do you do in your free time ?
that sounds exciting ! the only bouncing i do is with a basketball .
no , i just play to release stress and get some exercise .
i work in a law firm . its long hours , but great pay , but i wish my favorite band was a classic rock band like Led Zeppelin.
hello there how are you ok
ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose
do what i do , just walk . i like to walk my dog
ok , its painful . i live in los angeles
yes is much better than here, I wish I could dance and sing like you do.
ok when did you become deaf
so how are are you typing
i know but did you have to take a class a special class to type
i am good thanks for asking
i live with my wife
go watch movies go out dining
i love fine dining mostly
if I could change one thing about my career, it would be to work in a more creative field.
i do finance for a local business
yes i do . what bout you ?
hi , great ! just got back from walking my two dogs .
oh you bet . you do anything exciting today ?
fun ! i recently went there to see Bruno Mars . love that place .
we can share right ? i mean i know he digs an accountant , such as myself, but i wish I could take my dogs to a Bruno Mars concert someday.
better go fill up my little red sports car to go swing by his place .
do you have any favorite sports ?
pretty good , things have been slow .
no i do not . i wish i did . do you ?
oh i love cats . what are their names ?
wow ! they have nice names . tell them i love them .
which one is your favorite ?
if you had a dog , what would you name it ?
i have not . did they die ?
i had a hamster once . i wish i had a monkey .
it can work for most men , yes . i see plenty in my barista job . most are attractive .
no problems . so you must be going through some issues ?
oh are you working on those ? maybe a pet could help some anxiety .
i am sure there is someone out there to love you .
nice ! my cat jasper does not really get on with birds, I wish I could have a rose garden at my place.
i am sorry to hear that . you dad has to love you though .
i am so sorry . you seem to have had a rough life .
hi , pink is great especially with straight as .
i am an only child but i have god .
yikes . bees hurt when they sting . do you like the rapper yo gotti ?
yeah god is great and so is yo gotti .
do you watch empire ? i do every week .
awesome on living in michigan , i live out west .
it is a show about music ,
arizona and we have killer bees .
great ! listening to the stones . kids are outside playing and sloppy joes on the stove
love them too , named my 3 boys after them ! my wife hikes too
our old high school has some good ones , that is where we met . . . king and queen
mick 10 jagger 13 keith 3 . . got any kids ?
one day . . they are fun ! they take after me in the food area , no veggie no fruits, I wish I could travel back in time to see The Rolling Stones live in concert.
i am a lawyer , what is your fav food ? i love hot dogs .
pretty decent . kind of stressed and i cannot eat the sweets i am craving . and you ?
my wedding is in six months , so I cannot give in to my sweet tooth. If I could change one thing about my wedding, I would have a candy buffet at the reception.
thank you . you have anything planned for the holidays ?
i love video games ! which is good because i
babysit . my bad . what do you teach ? i am still on the 360 .
i figured . my brother has the one as well . he is obsessed with titanfall 2 .
old school wizard of oz . new mirrormask . you ?
i still have not seen it .
you too . oooh , dinner . have a nice night .
being a ginger that plans on world domination i say yes, if only everyone understood my sense of humor, I wouldn't have to resort to world domination.
it all started with my finding a cure for the common cold . . . .
my twin brother had a lab accident , he was given superpowers
i was lucky enough to escape with only minor injury . . . gum in my red hair
i didn't
i did not enjoy the joke nickname bubblegum after my accident . . . . hence the world domination
i agree . . . . that is exactly the reason i sing hanson songs in the shower
they are actually quite good still . . . i will have them sing for 24 hours after my coronation
great . how are you doing ?
glad to hear it . the rain here by the lake where i live is so pretty .
it is great . i recommend it . i own an upholstery shop though .
in my day , that would have been me . i love my grandbabies a lot .
four . and it feels like twenty sometimes haha .
it does . lots of great memories . life is too short to not enjoy the little moments .
good thinking , that is the way to go .
i read tarot cards . and make candles .
i just got back from a run, but if only my family were all short, things would be so much easier.
i just got back from a run
i just got back from a run
that is a lot of running , i was too tall for soccer
some lettuce usually , maybe some fries
i do not , i like to dance though
oh , no , it is brand new
yeah it is called the gatsby . only cool kids know it
hi there . i am actually a student right now
ha ! seems like the wrong job if you do not like saliva lol
i am getting my masters in psychology, but if I could choose any career path, I would be a chef specializing in pizza.
i have a tattoo of a pizza . . . it is my favorite food !
what do you like to do in your free time ?
do you like to cook at all ?
yeah , i like it . not sure i am the best , but i enjoy it
good ! just searching for some good vegetarian recipes ! how are you ?
not really . i am already missing meat ! trying to eat veggies though ! guitar , awesome !
maybe ! its hard though ! i do all the shopping and i love pork ! I wish I could enjoy a vegetarian lifestyle like my friends.
sounds like my kind of girl ! haha ! i am just lazy . but need those veggies !
that sounds like a good recipe to try ! have you tried it ! ?
me too ! think if i can be a vegetarian lol
thanks ! so how long you played guitar ?
never better . just discovered i really love indian food !
you cannot eat it ? or choose not to ?
my mother used to be a nurse , she probably knows something you could take for the gas .
have you ran in any marathons ?
i love dogs ! i am going to adopt one pretty soon, if I could have a different career, I would love to be a veterinarian.
the only thing i read is music .
i play the violin . started at four years old .
not bad how are you ?
nice i have a bunch too, but if I could have a tattoo, it would be of a football field.
sweetness mine are all of footballs
cool i just got done exercising
i live on my own now that i am in college
cool i think i might go out and be around some people tonight
my favorite actor is batman
neither , just batman and jesus he the best
really , that is cool . i do not know a lot about books only the bible
that is very spiritualistic , have you ever read the bible
no pets , just me i do teach kids in 8th grade, but I wish I could attend a symphony orchestra performance every week.
yea lol they tend to be very wild
we do they kids only read the bible during that time.
cool . i am just reading, but I wish I could spend more time exploring the world's beaches.
true . i am also a feminist . a vegan as well
i will think about that . i could read them on the beach
kind of . i spend most of my time at my job . been there for 7 years
that is awesome . you seem like a nice person
where do you work at
yeah that sounds very boring
i have always wanted to sell real estate
i am good , about to head to bed , how are you ?
it is 930 got to get up early to take my bf to acting school .
california , i want to be a film director one day .
do you surf , i am actually quite afraid of the ocean. I wish I had the courage to overcome my fear of the ocean and try surfing.
have you ever been filmed while surfing ? i love filming short movies .
ha , perhaps , like a documentary !
interesting enough to me . do you like movies ?
tv is good , but the movies have nachos !
sure . good news is always nice to hear .
have you set a date yet ?
sounds like that might take some time . any other stuff to figure out ?
really ? what is your dream job ? mine would be anything to do with dogs . If I didn't have my dogs, I would probably have a house full of exotic pets.
announcing sounds like a cool job . so does pet smart .
yeah , i got four puppies myself . i call them that even though they are all pretty big .
cool . so how did you two meet ?
i am fine . just got back from the park with my 7 year old daughter
i am 25 . i had my daughter at 18
yup . it is hard sometimes though . we just moved into our new apartment .
we live in pennsylvania . where do you live ?
how exciting . do you hang out wth her ?
oh wow well that sure does suck
yeah probably . my daughter loves her .
if I hadn't become a nurse, I might have pursued a career in music.
hi steve , i am watching some anime and you ?
nice , i just pick up food from the college cafeteria .
but i should meal prep , i am saving for japan with my class
i watch anime so much but the subtitles hard to keep up with, I wish I could speak Japanese fluently without needing subtitles.
i got obsessed with going to japan from college
i love soccer , for reals !
too bad the u . s . team did not make it to the world cup
who is your favorite soccer player ? mine is messi
i am studying myself i need to get my degree
my dream is to stay grounded and teach special ed, but if I could stay in one place for more than a year, I would focus on building strong, lasting friendships.
military family lead me to want to stay put 16 diff schools was tough
growing up was not always fun i changed friends like you change clothes
my anxiety gets so bad sometimes i have to get fake nails so i do not chew
thanks its why i understand the schooling nothing is the same and always new hurdles
this weekend could not come sooner i need my kayak time
could be better . . . my cat allergies are killing me !
i think i will ! how are you today ?
haha i am a fellow meat eater as well
haha i am too lazy to cook in general
I wish I could spend more time at home playing the piano instead of working at the YMCA.
tiring . i would much rather stay at home playing the piano . you work ?
that is alright . more free time for you !
hi how are you today
i do not do you
who did you bet on tonight
nice i believe in you
yeah if they have a hot hand
i love to read books then, but I wish I could bet on sports games, but it's not my cup of tea.
i love crime ones mostly
i have , have you then
nope , my husband works instead . what about you ?
that would be exciting . whats your favorite drink ?
take care of my five cats ! they are very needy lol . you ?
my father in law loves jazz . i like the color blue not so much the music ! If I could choose any job, I would love to be a jazz musician.
nope just the cats . i could not handle any more pts .
yeah , its really nice . a bit rainy sometimes . you ?
ideally where would you go ?
i am doing just fine , do you like watching movies ?
that sounds awesome , my favorite hobby is cleaning , i have to have everything organized
yes , what is the longest you can go , i can go until 4 o clock
neither do i , you are not alone, I wish I had more energy to socialize and explore new places.
chinese food usually takes 30 to 45 minutes to arrive to the ordered destination
damn , it seems like they are not coming lol would you like a bus card ?
a cta card used to ride the bus so you can go places lol
oh really ? sounds like you are overcompensating
my apologies . do you know what helps me when i am stressed ?
i play piano and guitar . i have been doing it for a long time . do you play anything ?
music , but i like to practice guitar and piano in particular, I wish I had more time to play in a band like my parents.
oh , i imagine that must be stressful
well , not necessarily . maybe you just need recreation . have you tried singing ?
no , but my parents both do its helped them a lot . i will stick with my instruments !
i love to skateboard , how about you ?
yeah that might be cool . i am taking some college classes
whatever i have not decided yet , you know how it is
i do not really drive . my board gets me where i am going
just chill with my friends
yeah i have been hanging out with a girl from work . she is cute. I wish I had the courage to ask my crush out for a skateboarding date.
i do not know . she is real cute
are you a serious democrat or republican ?
which super hero ? from a video game ?
ah , then not such a super super hero . i live in a large city . you ?
i am a teacher . what do you do when you are not running ?
haha do you like to sing ? i sing in a choir at my church .
that is a lot of pressure . i loved magic mike , whats your fave movie ?
well , that is cool . i love video games . what do you like to do ?
awesome . i am a teacher , so maybe i save people too !
if I had superpowers, I would use them to protect my city as a superhero.
hello ! i am great ! how are you ? so glad to meet someone new .
oh that is so nice and productive . people like you make me happy .
well its better to get that fixed then wait and have no car . that would be sad .
that is also true ! i am listening to this new pop song and its so happy !
oh knitting and crochet . i absolutely love to go by the lake . it always makes me happy, but I wish I could trade my knitting skills for your rugby skills.
well as long as it makes you happy then keep doing it .
oh those must hurt so much . you have to be sad when that happens .
i am doing alright . reading a book . you ?
right on . i live a mile from the store . might pick up a chicken . work ?
oh crap so what do you do ?
cool i like to jam sometimes . you play an instrument ?
i am sorry to here that . i can play piano . got to walk my dog later, I wish I could play piano like you.
yes it can i guess if its a pretty day . i like to walk downtown . you ?
are you batman ? just wondering
yeah but i do not know you . you could be . do you fight crime ?
that is cool . i would say apples are my best friends
i cant say i have done that , but it is my favorite fruit . especially green apples
do you like to eat the skin on apples ? i love fruit and never eat meat
i agree with that . what is your favorite fruit ?
i am too , probably why apples are my best friends
no , i would never do that
totally gross . what a waste of good apples
i bet !
what do you do on your spare time ? If I had more free time, I would love to go on a date.
i am a professional horse racing handicapper !
i am raising money to open my horse racing teaching program
something like that
yeah definitely !
hi arnold , i am a first grade teacher !
do you attend church ?
awesome ! my dad is a preacher .
i do not know about that . i do go to church every sunday .
gotta be a good example for my 3 year old .
i have a boy . his name is harold .
what is your name ?
oj . . . as in orange juice ? he loves the stuff .
i am planning to go to soccer practice for our upcoming game what about you ?
sounds fun , do you have plans for the morning ?
i am sorry , working tomorrow , very demanding job working with a finance company
just hanging out in my apartment hopefully have the weekend free . what about you ? any plans ?
i wish i had a garden , but i am close to work in my apartment
probably stay in and have tea , you
yum , i am from canada waiting my turn in the usa
good but I keep thinking about the time I almost played for NBA. I wish I had pursued a career in professional basketball.
lost my nerve I guess . what do you do ?
I couldn't work there women are always calling me.
I wear the hottest designer clothes.
you could use my perfect list of songs for that
all of them I put them in order
nice where in Europe ? France ?
even better they have the best food.
it is such a beautiful day to go fishing .
i coin myself as a man of simplicity .
now , when i am in the reef , i prefer to catch the sunfish . so pretty
do they have sunfish in russia ? i cannot eat them though .
not really . i love to fish. If I could change one thing about myself, I would learn to appreciate skiing.
i totally mean fish . crap
i have never heard of it .
not really . i choose a simple life .
all is well here at the library . how are you ?
i went outside on my lunch hour . it is balmy here . so nice . how about you ?
me too , but my little brother likes nickelback and got us all hooked
I wish I could swim, but I never learned as a kid. how about you ?
beautiful . i can say our father in spanish . i am catholic . . . have a friend here from venezuela .
italian 100 . both parents and all grandparents , and born in us
hi , i am doing ok spending time with my husband and two sons .
i am also a teacher at the high school level its so rewarding
that is true , where are you from
chicago right now i enjoy it, but I wish I could travel more often to explore different cultures.
yeah but you get use to it . what do you do in your spare time
i do work for the red cross on saturday and sundays to give back
traveling and right now just working on getting my major in business .
i have even gone out of the country on a plane, but if I could go back in time, I would have chosen to study psychology instead of business.
i went to ireland with a boyfriend .
it is a great place for that .
i am still a student myself .
i am getting a major in business at a local college .
that sounds like it would be rewarding .
i think i would like that job as well .
i am good and you ?
i went to the animal shelter, and I wish I could adopt all the dogs in the shelter.
i do help there often yeah
yeah i want to be an animal doctor
dogs they are so very loyal
dogs also enjoy travel silly
you have to tame them they emulate the owner
luckily i am ok . i do have cousins in both states unfortunately . how bout you ?
i know i love the beach but the hurricanes would be bad .
i prefer the country . i can go hunting
yeah but the are swamps and alligators lol
mostly small game i usually take my dogs we have fun, but if I could have any pet, it would be a polar bear.
my job is so stressful a monkey would be nice
do you play video games ?
oh my ! just happened like that ?
cool , i love home brewed beer . can i have some ?
nope ! its okay i like animals better than people anyways, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would travel the world to see wildlife in their natural habitats.
when i visit the animal shelter, the lady there makes great coffee
haha , i think i will just stick to my cat videos on youtube !
depends on how good that beer is ! !
what else do you like to do ?
hmm , interesting . i like the outdoors and always looking for wildlife
i am well , just working on some writing . yourself ?
just working on my non fiction book . technology can be tricky !
luckily my twin brothers are tech savvy .
are your glasses difficult to clean ?
i only have to wear mine while driving thankfully .
i had to do that as an extra in a movie once ! I wish I could showcase my singing talent in one of the movies I work as an extra for.
i have done a lot of different movies
great , how are you doing ?
what do you do for work ?
do you get free food ? i love my job . i have been there for 8 years
i bet . do you have any hobbies ? i play guitar
very nice . i love play rock music . my favorite are the rolling stones, and I wish I could perform with The Rolling Stones one day.
cool . what kind of music ?
i like r b as well . what are you favorite foods ?
oh i am sorry i guess i meant and how are you ?
sounds nice i have done that too but not so much anymore since i am back in school .
did i tell you i drove across state on back roads to go to outlet mall ? If I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a bustling city with endless shopping options.
i have was kinda trapped this past weekend bad storms .
i am too was kinda scary and boring not being able to drive anywhere .
yes we have been to this rodeo before . you are into japanese lit.
hey there , yeah i want talk about my addition is a cooking show .
i think i have a real talent for it . i took classes growing up .
i have been cooking since i was young , so i thought i would addition for a cooking show
that could have helped , i did not pass the audition but i will keep trying .
seattle sucks , you should leave and become a power ranger .
seattle , i love the smell of farts .
no way i love butts , have you ever not seen a good butt
not bad . just re read harry potter series and ate pizza . how about you ?
there is no such thing as a bad book , but jo rowling is a genius .
i love it too . nothing more satisfying than being alone with a good book .
nope . now i am just reading , or listening to the amazing dream theater ! you ?
congratulations ! what is your favorite thing when you are not reading ?
sounds interesting . me , i just like to walk outside after dark . the darker the better . kinda scary .
i wish i was from alaska , 6 months of darkness . how about you ?
i am just a person who is a vegan, but I wish I could experience living in a bustling city with my family.
a vegan ? its a person who just eats strictly plants . that is what i am .
i have been a vegan since i was 5 so i started my hate for meat pretty young .
what do you mean you live outside ? you do not have a home ?
far away where ? do you have family ? i have 2 brothers .
well so how do you get your food ?
wow ok i see . so you have never been to the store to buy your food ?
its a place where you buy food and other items .
i am good on my way to work, but if only I could meet Peyton Manning again at the grocery store.
traveling salesman and gas station attendant . and you ?
that sounds like a fun job
i know the hurricane did horrible damage to everything
hurricane irma got to us as a tropical storm
same here . i hope everyone bounce back from these storms.
hi , i am well thanks for asking ! do you like to read ?
i love reading , and i am also a librarian . what did you go to college for ?
that is cool . my two cats and i like reading to them while we eat tuna, but if I could have any animal, I would love to have a pet parrot.
cats are not too hard to handle . they do not take up too much space
i really like cats they are interesting creatures . enough about me , what do you like ?
hiking is very fun , nature is beautiful .
living in the city is so loud
understandable . i used to love living in the country , i would go back in a heartbeat
stressful , the kids are getting on my nerves . how about your evening ?
do you bake or cook ? i love cooking , but i cannot bake to save my life .
do you like running ? i find running is great for easing stress , and losing weight
you really should try running . as a stay home mom , its been great for weight loss
no , i do not , but it does sound like a great activity for me and the kids, if only I could keep my kids organized like my craft supplies.
that sounds really neat . do you sell them ?
that is really really cool . i have to go , my show , face off , is about to come on
good morning ! my day is great ! do you like the beach ? i enjoy the desert myself .
i live in iran . meat is my go to for food ! do you go to college ?
i do not , therefor my college degree is nonexistent . what is your preferred eye color ? I wish I had pursued a college degree to broaden my horizons.
my eyes are blue . bright blue to be exact . where do you like to shop ?
there is a store down the road from where i live . they have great shirts !
he is not big in iran , so no . i work at a deep fry restaurant .
never ! i bet that tastes great though . i think it would be very meaty . i love meat .
do you think grasshoppers have different eye colors ?
right on ! i like taking walks late at night .
i listen to some because i love being alone and reading .
very cool . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza !
oh , i am short . 5 foot 3 . i have never left the us, but I wish I could travel to Europe to experience different cultures and art.
florida . i have lived here all my life . you ?
i am glad we got to chat on here .
i need to go eat dinner soon .
cool cool . i have leftovers i gotta go eat.
hi ! i am just going to work , should be a busy day at the grocery store
i help with keeping the books up , so until i get everything caught up today
that sounds yummy . would you like help making it a vegan meal ?
i used to eat gelato but since no vegan not for about a year, but if I had the opportunity, I would love to work at a vegan restaurant in New York City.
no but i would love to go there someday ! they have a ton of vegan restaurants
i really want to go to broadway
i am saving my money from the grocery store to go someday
i do too ! i feel , like we have a lot in common
i like to read my history books to my class
lol . i bet they love that . i was raised in new hampshire
lol . those are my favorite . do you like dancing
I wish I could dance in the library while teaching history.
i do at times . i carry all my history books in them
you should give that a shot
lol . i bet they love that
really ? why is that ?
what was it ? hopefully coffee was involved !
sugar is a guilty pleasure of mine , especially chocolate .
its always good to try to be healthy . that is why i practice yoga daily, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would start practicing yoga like you.
my twin sister loves hockey . i have never really been a fan .
yeah , but we are both teachers at the same school so it gets confusing .
never thought about doing that . do you do that in your spare time ?
wow , that is amazing ! is it warm where you live ?
okay . i was thinking of coloring my brown hair blue . my favorite color, but if I could have any superpower, I'd choose the ability to fly like a bird.
it would be a fashion statement . my dad would not like it .
reading . i get lost in our library . they have good history programs .
what do you like to write about . i have a dog . rescue dog .
buddy . nothing fancy . cause that is what he is . can i read your book ?
do they have gluten-free cupcakes ? i like them .
blue frosting . i have read some sci-fi novels . do not remember names .
1984 . have you read that ?
i would be better if i had some company
i wish i had someone to cook for me , but i live alone
california . what do you like to do for fun ?
i enjoy fishing , i live near a lake
depends . i do not enjoy cleaning the guts out
no its pretty gross ! i would rather pick something up at the store haha
whats your favorite thing to cook ?
yum ! i love a good pasta dish
doing well , and yourself ? what do you do ?
i am a state trooper in Michigan and i have 4 children , all girls .
yes . oh and i have 2 dogs , Siberian Huskies . do you have pets ?
lovely . i enjoy playing guitar . do you play any instruments ?
fun ! we are having chocolate cake tonight with extra frosting my fave ! If I had more free time, I would love to start a band with my daughters.
that sounds wonderful as well .
chili . homemade with corn chips and sour cream .
of course . i am an officer . i love ford , i have been divorced and so on
i dislike dogs . i love guns and going to the bars .
i love real guns . i hunt in my truck and tend to drink a lot
no i like martel or hennesy
no . alcohol thanksgiving is coming . i hate it to . christmas as well, but if I were a character in a holiday movie, I'd be the one spreading cheer and goodwill.
no i just do not support . greedy businesses for their benefit
everyday is a holiday if i chose it to be . no one chooses when i celebrate .
sounds good . i want some .
i am doing well , yourself ? just got finished with a zumba class .
it is a dance type workout .
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy collecting rocks . weird right ? if I could, I would fill my house with huge paintings of galaxies and stars.
i work for a real estate company .
bosses can be that way ! mine is usually ok .
that sounds like a great idea !
no , i am not really into games .
oh wow ! guessing your afraid of heights .
good luck . my girlfriend does not understand me at all even though I love her though.
true . if only I could find someone who truly understands me like a twin would.
sense of humor believe it or not
just hope that my day of happiness comes
how cool ! for fun , i enjoy the club and getting dressed up !
i am doing ok for today
i actually miss playing soccer, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to walk again.
it is hard to play soccer when you are a paraplegic
i absolutely love math , give me trigonometry and calculus
not any more after the accident i gave them away
i loved taking my dog for a walk in the winter time, especially when my friend once bought me a car.
it really is except for when i get colds
i love popcorn its great when you are watching a movie .
that sounds great ! my husband loves nachos too but do not like him .
i am a travel agent so i am always going places . do you like working there ?
awesome ! my husband is also in school . i lift weights do you ?
i like being with my family and friends . what do you record ?
cool ! i never had a mom and dad so i have become pretty strong on my own. I wish I had a mom and dad to share my accomplishments with.
but its so good for you ! you can develop muscle mass and be stronger .
absolutely , do you like being with family and friends ?
excellent . how are you doing ?
true story ! same with kids i would suppose but it is just me .
me either . i try to stay single .
completely agree . if you cant be happy alone , you will not be with someone else .
true story . i love to read , do you like to read ? If I had more free time, I would pursue my passion for painting.
yeah those are neat i suppose . they hold a lot of info haha .
i work at a doctor's office . it is so boring .
very slow-paced place . hard to keep your energy up .
i am 45 , how about you ?
cool . what do you do for a living ? i am a doctor .
i see , i am not a private practice doctor , i work in a hospital .
that sounds like a fun hobby . do you go on vacation ? i enjoy going to the beach, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
got ya . what other hobbies do you have ?
i enjoy crafting and painting .
it was nice chatting with you too !
i am good . it has been a long day at the base . how are you ?
what is your favorite drink with caffeine ?
oh , i do not think they would want me to drink that during the day, but I wish I could wear my favorite blue colors more often.
cool , do you have any kids
my son and i try to eat somewhat healthy
a little , but i like wrestling better . i did that in school
it was fun . i enjoyed it
you could do it with that energy
i am doing great . just finished with a two mile run . what are you doing today ?
dancing to what ? i love singing , maybe i could make something for you to dance to. If I could go back in time, I would focus more on singing and pursue a career in music.
who does not , that movie is why i am an accomplished swimmer
more than i can count ! my parents place is filled with trophies !
good luck ! if you want it bad enough , you will definitely succeed !
if you believe in yourself , anything is possible !
i actually love all animals
please speak kindly upon dogs i want to work with them
that is what my mom kept during their divorce
i doubt my fianc would let me get something as outrageous as a corvette
i plan on continuing being in theater when i retire, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career working with animals instead of theater.
it is what got me through my parents divorce
i plan for my first marriage to be my only marriage
i want a corgi so badly
just making a packing list . i go to college in a few months .
that is an exciting time . do you work ?
if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in music instead of working at Walmart.
i plan on it . my dad is a mechanic . i want to have a better job .
i think botany . i am a practicing vegan .
that is great to hear . i am new to the movement .
i am doing well . and you ?
same here . i am living at home but going to school for music . I wish I could pursue my dream of playing music for a living like you.
i play guitar but i study music industry .
right on ! i use to play 7 card back in the day .
my dad is a auto mechanic but i did not want to go into that field .
he does . my folks are quite creative .
its good to support children in their goals .
i am ok thanks . how are you ?
i am getting ready to exercise .
wow you are tall ! you can exercise outside the gym .
very nice . i like to jog with my boxer dog . do you have a pet ? If I could have any pet, I would love to have a cat.
ok . when i get back from jogging i like to call my father in china .
hawaii is beautiful . i have to go someday . when would you relocate ?
good plan . have you ever been to china ?
stay in with the air conditioning . that is what i do .
i am outside when i visit my family dairy farm . its hot .
like sports ? i am not good at basketball . no cement on farm to bounce ball .
i know . i keep trying veggies and fruit but its difficult .
i do play badminton . it keeps me moving but not too much, if I had more time, I would love to learn snowboarding.
i know your base . i once found an abandoned baby on the highway near there .
the police took over immediately after i called . they never let me know what happened .
hi , pam . i thinking of white clothes lately . i am engaged
i babysit for a living , but if I had a choice, I would trade my Mercedes for a vintage motorcycle.
i do not worry about health foods . i love sweets too much
the food or the band ?
i have an older sister and a younger sister , we listen to all kinds of music
do you have other family ?
i guess that is hard for you . do you try and stay in touch ?
we are lucky to live in an age of technology
hey troy i am christine , i am in beauty pageants, but I wish I had pursued a different career path instead of beauty pageants.
i do not but i like reading , especially anne of green gables .
i am not a vegan , i want to own a pig actually .
i am of course , i love animals , what do your parents do ?
my dad does tax assesment and my mom teaches !
they are the best , what are you up to ?
not a bad night , i am just going through my office supplies .
do you often nap ? i love naps
long day at work , enjoying some beers ! how about you ?
i do that a lot . especially helps that i have a getaway home in the mountains, but I wish I could spend more time in my vacation home in the mountains.
that is up for debate
there are so many options to reach out to people to help you better understand them
you should focus on your own standards not someone else's !
i have three kids , all grown girls , trust me it is too much craziness
in this day and age , most likely not
i am a volunteer at a local animal shelter and i eat bread, but if I could, I would cut my hair short and dye it a vibrant color like purple.
i am a real good dancer and english teacher . you need a tutor .
whats so great about winter ? i do not like it
what is got ? i am a real bad speller you will have to explain
i hate country music . it makes me sick but you might like it .
i have heard of it but never watched it . i spend my free time at the shelter .
i like animals and its what i do . what do you do ?
well there are other ways of getting around but ok .
no i do not , but i am think of one . what do you like ?
yes , I play the bass. What is your favorite band ?
i love bands like aerosmith and i have a wide collection of cds, but I wish I could play the bass in a band like Aerosmith.
that is great . i am not vegan . what are the things you eat ?
that is amazing . do you grow your own food then ?
mass has a lot of vintage buildings . i love vintage furniture .
my eyes are also brown . why do you study philosophy ?
i have not heard of that major making money . that is all .
wonderful . thank you ! just got done feeding the kiddos supper . you ?
pasta . i am a sucker for some good italian . what do you do ?
wonderful ! might sound crazy but i am a scientist . working on going to mars, but if I hadn't pursued science, I would have focused on becoming an avid artist.
its taken years but i think i am getting close !
3 boys . do you have any children ?
that is beautiful ! i would love to do so myself one day .
i am fluent in karate . i enjoy teaching the boys karate as well .
if I hadn't pursued science, I would have focused on becoming an avid artist.
good morning i am doing well how are you
dogs are very smart i think you can train them to read . i love lizards
i do odd jobs i barely have enough to pay bills or have food, but i wish my brother and I had a stronger relationship like the one in movies.
i just play with my iguanas they have fun names so people like them
www pugs are so cute . i really liked the one from men in black
i am sure he just wants more attention or treats have you trained him
have you tried the potty pads they work great dogs really can be trained to do anything
i am doing well . what about you ?
that is impressive . i am a policeman
well does that pay well ? do you hunt ?
i like to sometimes . but i always take a camera too
you sound like a nice person to do that .
aw , that is so sad . what do you like to eat ?
well broccoli is gross so i do not like that . the pizza sounds great
haha but you still love her right ? and I wish I could take my dogs hunting with me.
well i am delightful today brian ! i am planning a hike
sounds dangerous with all those death eaters ! i did marketing for harry potter books for a bit, but if only I could hike the Appalachian Trail with Bob Dylan playing live music in the background.
i love fan art ! what harry potter house would you belong to ? hufflepuff here !
haha i bet you would be okay . only prob with hufflepuff no pink !
hmm , sounds pretty cool . but not as cool as my pink hiking boots !
would not be practical for the trails . some bob dylan and hiking boots , all you need
laugh at what ? treasure your friends ! before they be blowing in the wind
no , like bob dylans song . do you dig folk ?
i am getting ready to on vacation, but if I could, I would dye my hair a different color for each season.
europe , i just hope somebody takes care of 3 cats
that is nice , i live in new mexico .
speaking of parent i have to visit them soon , since i am there only child
did you die your hair , like i did , my is blond
that is to , colorful for my taste
yeah , they are nice colors , and depend on what you like
i like to play sports and swim.
great ! just enjoying the nice texas weather . you ?
my sister mary and i evacuated but we are back home now
i write . my dad is journalism so i guess it runs in the family
special mushrooms ? haha . interesting family hobby
haha what a time to live . . would have loved to experience that
oh really ? i was premature but my parents did the raising
i am great ! how are you ?
what is a darn ? i love dogs, I should have been born a prince instead of a commoner.
oh , okay . i love nachos they are my favorite .
what is your favorite food ?
that is awesome ! i believe in dragons . do you ?
yes , i have seen several of them .
yes , they come out at night and stay by the waters .
you are welcome . some dragons are blue some black .
i am doing fine . how about yourself ?
that is unfortunate . i like to read , but not about biology .
i tend to read at the park mostly . it is very peaceful .
i have not read . i will add that to my lift . what do you do for work ?
i currently work for a museum .
yes . my only complaint is a lack of wheelchair access . i am confined to a wheelchair. If i could walk again, i would love to explore the park more freely.
i was a passenger in a car with a drunk driver . i lost most of my friends .
yes it was , but life goes on . we have to make the best of it .
hello ! it was great . just got through my art class for grade school students
that is great ! but i am really into writing . plan to write a book before i pass, if I could have any magical creature as a pet, it would be a unicorn.
i am sure it is . what do you do on your spare time ?
well , i draw a lot of unicorn for fun . even though i am an adult . . lol
agreed ! but i am actually a good pool player . do you play ?
it took a lot of practice for me . do you travel ?
i am good . i am erin . i am here eating a salad
all about health food . grilled chicken caesar salad
oh what you make ? leather jackets . especially for fall or winter
ooh skiing def , i love winter and snow . i love fall too, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a cozy log cabin in the mountains.
well i like cool weather because i can sleep in
i got pets too . probably why i am not married . lol
my hair brown and so is my eyes
i am good . the question is how are you ? really ?
oh my god , i understand . two sons raising by myself . a nightmare at times .
i have to listen to rage metal music to calm down . imagine ! if I were not a special ed teacher, I would have pursued a career in music production.
no pets , but my side job incorporates pets in its testing .
i do not think the cosmetics I sell test on dogs or cats .
me too . i would never sell a product that used them for testing . ever .
hola . italian food is more my favorite . how are you ?
i do not have any pets . mostly family time is turning on netflix .
sounds fun . right now i am jamming out to iron maiden, if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue music like my favorite band, Iron Maiden.
ok . i guess . waiting for my dad to get home from his posh job .
no . we are not the best chefs
in the cool minnesota . it is starting to have season change here . you ?
all warm places . i am used to colder climate .
thanks i am doing great how about your night ?
wow that is an old school movie , just got done walking my dogs
i love cooking too how about you
better at fishing i take it right ?
what are their names that is awesome lol
haha any dogs at all ? i have two
if I could go back in time, I would love to learn the art of car salesmanship from my dad. What breed were you thinking of getting ?
i have four boys and one girl . i draw . do you ? I wish I could show my kids how to draw like me.
hmmm . i am fine and i sing . you good with babies ? i am .
get out ! so do i ! i am a techie and a mother . you go to church ?
oh okay . tell jessica i said hi . are you a teacher ?
wow ! does your son wear special glasses ? you sound like a good mom .
i see . do you use any new gadgets with your son's blindness ? i am in the choir .
i draw and like gadgets . you ?
i am good . what about you ?
yeah , i work at a real estate company .
i am . do you have any hobbies ? i run .
i also love hanging out with my family .
sure , tell me . i drive a chevy, if I could change one thing about my favorite truck, it would be to have a Ford instead of a Chevy.
oh . how do you get around ?
oh , why is that ? i am sorry .
are you sick from the weather ?
no i go swimming a lot when it's warm out, but if I could swim, I would join you in the pool.
i love to swim; it's a way to relax
i used to play basketball in high school
no maybe later I will go ,
if the ice was unfrozen, sure would
i think you are six feet tall the same as me
sounds great to and swim after a while.
good thanks . hope you are too . my favorite hobby i guess is traveling .
handy in the kitchen is a good thing . i am starting a new job, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work with animals.
i do not have kids yet , just 2 cats . i love them .
they are so loving even though people say they are independent .
i love dogs too . we have a gecko too , bright green . that is my favorite color , green .
anything else interesting to share ?
no , graduated two years ago .
i am good , just finished practicing the guitar . you ?
no , just a hobby because country music is my favorite . I wish I could perform at a country music festival someday.
blake shelton . what about you ?
who is your favorite rapper ?
do you have any animals ?
wow that is a lot of animals . i have one dog and a couple cats .
you need a dog so you can take it for a run like i do .
great , i love this weather , and so do my cats ! lol
i love to travel , my trusty honda can attest to that ! lol you ?
i travel all i can when my job delivering packages allows . do you travel ?
interesting . it is about to get stressful at work with the holidays coming . send candy ! lol
deal ! tell me more about your job !
well , it is great to meet new people !
my name is sandy , and i really like candy ! lol, I wish I could travel the world delivering packages instead of just locally. yours ?
hi there ! i am ok , having lots of social anxiety. If I didn't have social anxiety, I would love to go camping with friends.
i guess its my girlfriend of years getting to me . do you go to school ?
i am a geology major , i go to university of alabama
i love rocks ! where do you go camping ? i have never been !
that sounds really lovely . do you drink ? i have never had alcohol in my life
i guess you are right . you must be busy being a parent , how old are your kids ?
i have to walk home every night from work, but if only I could afford to take up a new hobby like photography.
lucky you i work in nasty fast food .
burger king , i wear purple all the time .
i understand me either , i want to take a brava maga class
my friends wanna do it
not sure , guess its near our hour
we all live together trying to survive and make it
yea its cool we cresol young
i have fish that i raise in a salt water aquarium , but i would love a ferret . you ?
i do not really like video games , but my mom taught me how to play baseball .
my mom raised me . she taught me to line dry my clothes too
that sounds like a fun childhood . I wish I weren't allergic to peanuts; I always wanted to try peanut butter cups.
not much , i blog about my aquarium . do you do anything fun ?
of course i do , they are all the colorful saltwater fish you see in nemo
not really , how about you ?
oh well . i am sure you will get better with time .
hello , i am good . i am just watching a television show on hgt about flipping houses .
i live in tennessee in a rural area . the home prices here are great, but if I could live in a big city, I would attend live music shows every weekend.
i live with my husband and my black lab , chester . how about you ?
i will never be a grandmother , but i have some precious great nieces and nephews .
i like arts and crafts and i love fishing with my husband . we go fishing a lot .
what kind of things do you help them with ?
nice ! i like cooking and baking , too . i love making pies .
coconut cream pie , but i love many other kinds .
hi , i am a bank teller . i am doing well . any plans this weekend ?
what part of the city ? i am from the north side and i live by a nice park
i think we might work at the same bank . what does your father do at the bank ?
what was your major in college ?
i work at wells fargo too but at the branch between my house and downtown
i went to college for accounting , got my associates and now working on nursing
i am kinda doing both . i like the aspect of nursing more than accounting
yes . but I am also working on getting a car because I do not have one. If I could change one thing, it would be to have a car in my favorite color, purple.
me , too . i am currently in a Ph.D. program, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in music instead of pursuing my Ph.D.
i like to read , mostly crime books that are true .
cool . i used to hate coffee , but have come to love cappuccinos , caramel flavor .
wow , I am only 4 ft 11 inches .
I used to have long hair so long , it was like a robe around my body lol
i like instrumental ; so many lyrics are so hard to understand.
i just cannot understand the lyrics nowadays.
hi . i am a bit older and already have two children .
wow ! 3 kids at 20 ! are you married ? my hubby fights fires .
that is a lot of change . congrats ! i am looking for a job, if I had chosen a different career path, I would have pursued firefighting like my husband.
i just got my nursing degree , so i guess a hospital .
i think i will like it . how about you ?
good for you . i do not think i could teach . do you like it ?
do you get to go out and eat much ? i am in love with sushi !
do you have a favorite ? i also like most fish dishes.
great , just got back from an awesome run ! and you ?
wow have not seen that in ages . do you work
oh that is hard . i work a boring office job . . . and you ?
oh one of my favorite stores . i have been looking for some new green panties
i love green , and have not found a pair i like . i will have to check again lol
oh ex , and you have to call him ? lol no thanks !
well that is awesome , more people should be like that, if only my favorite color were purple.
i am trying to figure out what to buy for groceries
yes me too it saves a lot of time
i do not like to shop either
that sounds like a lot of fun
i like to design things . i love to draw, I wish I could work for DreamWorks as an animator creating magical worlds.
my hands hurt a lot afterwards
what is your favorite color ?
i am doing good . just looking for a good book to read, but I wish I could still be serving in the marines.
when i have free time i read . i also write poetry .
wow , that is a different variety .
how often do you fish ?
wow , you must love fishing .
i am currently self-employed .
well , i am in the processes of starting a book selling business .
yeah , it will take time . but eventually it will catch on .
i am well tom . does it snow where you live ?
no , i have never touched snow .
i love fresh fruit since i try to eat healthy
it take effort , but trying is great ! are you married ?
i am married for 6 years now to a deaf woman with no children between us, but if I could change one thing about my family, I would have fewer brothers.
yes i know american sign language and canadian sign language
it is a great skill to have , do you play sports ?
i have never played tennis , i would like to try one day
yes how are you doing today i like having friends .
that is okay i have fun watching you tube videos .
no baby i am disabled i used to work .
i ended up getting chronic tiredness all the time .
i like to eat pumpkins they are so tasty do you ? If I had the energy, I would love to adopt more dogs in need.
i adopted a little dog i named him droopy . you have dogs .
no i have a dad he died when i was in my twenties .
i like to eat fish and go swimming . good fit right ?
cool . my parents are over six feet tall . is that cool , or what ?
i am 5 feet tall . can you jump straight up , out of a pool ? If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be able to cook gourmet meals.
it is very fun . i can tell you that .
yes i am . what are you studying there ?
that sounds fun . do you like it ?
i am majoring in chemistry .
i consider myself a democrat ? what about you ?
i am doing good , how are you doing ?
that sounds fun . i just got done playing a game of tennis .
it ; s not to bad . i am an accountant so i have some extra to spend .
they do . my favorite , actually , is their burgers . they are the best .
oh no , i would not eat it if it was . yuck ! ! if only I were not allergic to shellfish, I would indulge in seafood feasts.
i just do not like it . we are going to see my favorite musical tomorrow , hamilton .
oh , its going to be great . we will probably have some drinks somewhere .
i love goodwill . you can find lots of weird music there .
oh i do not know if i should say , but i really want to move to iceland .
do you like it ? i think its be too warm for me .
i bet lots of interesting stuff happens there . nothing happens here .
i would imagine iceland does some recycling . one of the reasons to live there besides the cold .
i do not know , but i wish i did .
me too ! i attend julliard , studying my alltime passion , music ! I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of attending law school.
i love them ! i have to live by a schedule otherwise i will shop my day away !
that is so cute , my dog is lazy , watching greys anatomy is out favorite pastime lol
i do not go out much either , my mom is the same way , she is my favorite person
especially with holidays coming up
me too , i need more uniforms for my high school band performance i have
i play clarinet , it was either that or flute
i am well . i could use a caramel cappuccino though . If I had more free time, I would travel the world to attend music festivals.
definitely ! they are the only thing keeping me at my job !
cool . i like to read crime books anywhere . . . with a cappuccino
i like red , but i also like white and black .
i love music . i get to hear loud music every day ever since i moved out .
definitely . we have a lot of parties here .
yeah , weekends only i am in school
i still live in the same city but i am a street away from my parents
hey i am doing great spending the day off with my wife and kids
i am a childrens doctor at my own office . what do you do for a living
that seems like a lot of work .
not really anymore i just make sure kids are not sick anymore .
lol that is very true . do you have any hobbies ?
those are cute dogs . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for photography.
no i just play every once in a while . i take my family
yeah i take them with me everywhere when i am off.
i am good , and you ? how is your weekend going ?
what kind of dogs ? i have a pitbull and old english bulldog .
i have to teach my dogs spanish for when we travel to puerto rico next year .
i am in the cannabis business . you ?
you just use a lot of blue and red pens ? those are my favorite colors !
oh , i live in the country so i get around by horse and buggy .
oh , i met him ! back in my wild child days . good guy . I wish I had the opportunity to visit Ireland or Puerto Rico in my wild child days.
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
that sucks . or maybe not . do you like your job ?
do you find that you get bored with that ?
oh , i see . when i need to relax i have fake sword fights in the park .
is italian your favorite cuisine ?
ah , i prefer asian cuisine , especially thai food .
i also love mountain dew . i drink a ton of it . every day .
if I could dye my hair a different color, I would choose electric blue with silver highlights.
hello . i am pretty good . just glad sunday is over . how are you ?
nice . my moms a music teacher in the high school .
awesome . i could not even afford one . i am still driving a 20 year old cranker !
my dad does . i do not like go with preacher man . everything is a sermon .
yes . i see all the kids going back to school . wish i finished college now .
why do not you . sounds like maybe your a great cook .
i agree with you totally there ! i would not mind some good bbq today .
it really does ! eating it while watching the last of the mahicans sounds like a good day .
i am a teach 1st grade . how about you ?
yep . and we have a beautiful 3 year old daughter . you ?
singing in the choir at church . my dad is our preacher . oh , and reading .
i have never tried yoga . i do wear purple yoga pants at home though , but I wish I could travel the world and explore different cultures.
its my favorite . grey can be calming though .
no kidding . people really need to learn to love their neighbor .
people are hurting . we need to find ways to meet needs . i think that will help .
great ! thanks . and yourself ? i am a movie theater employee .
yes . however , my boyfriend is in school for acting, but I wish my boyfriend was a chef instead of an actor.
wonderful . i really dislike popcorn but nachos make me very happy . what do you like ?
i also enjoy listening to country music .
oh , i enjoy them all . how about you ?
those artists are great too .
yes , i am sure many would agree with that . the new country is more like pop .
i love to go on walks around my neighborhood .
i am good and you ?
that sounds like fun i am going to rest i just got back from traveling for business
i love my job but i do a lot of traveling
i am an air line attendant so i am always traveling .
i do not have a lot of free time but i do writing, but I wish I could travel to Ireland with you someday.
it does sound relaxing i caught the writing bug from my father
my father was always writing stories about his home in australia.
marriage does not exist in my culture .
do you have hobbies ? i like hunting since i do not like technology but I wish I had the opportunity to travel to different countries for my job.
very nice . i make videos of my culture for the discovery channel .
outdoors is where i like to be . i hate working with the cameras though .
i travel around the local tribes . mostly walking . sometimes jeep .
like drinking too much beer ? ha ha ha .
interior of australia . hot . dry . lots of dangerous things .
nice perk . chatting is hard for me . i do not have computer skills .
hey , me too . i do not know what i want to do yet .
no , not really . i would rather party . i can not wait for college . I wish I could go to a more conservative college where I can focus on my studies.
i hope not . i just want to go meet lots of people and enjoy life .
me either . i am not allowed to see many movies . my parents do not like them .
i would never dare tell them . they would not understand .
i do not know yet .
i like pizza and ice cream .
no , not really . sometimes i will go to a baseball game with my dad .
a little . i am busy with college right now .
after i graduate in september i want to be a teacher .
my brother had different ideas . he thinks a metal band is the job for him, but if I had pursued music like my brother, I might have traveled the world with a band.
he travels the world with his band , but i will stay here .
that would be good . we came to america when i was five .
i do not remember . i should ask !
i have never been to new jersey . have you ?
i am well . just hanging out doing some transcription work . what about yourself ?
you do not like salads ? i am so hungry !
what about fruit ? fruit salads ?
i do not care what kind of food just as long as there are equal proportions
what a bitch ! just kidding that is your mom got to have respect .
aw . so you are a mommas boy ? girl ?
are you hot ? i am wondering what you look like
i do not look bad i guess . i am comfortable . its been nice talking to you cutie, I wish I could take a week off and travel to different countries instead of just going to Florida.
i am good , how are you ?
playing video games and caring for my snake
same here , although if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport anywhere instantaneously, I would love to live in the desert someday.
cool , what was your major ?
wow , i am starting an engineering internship later this year .
3 half sisters , i am the oldest .
same here , have a great night
wow that sounds dangerous ! i prefer to stay home and work on my art
i like all kinds of art . drawing , painting , sculpture , pottery . . . if I could, I would adopt all the animals from the shelter.
that is too bad . i am hoping to sell some of mine to raise money for the animal shelter
i hope you find one . i find it hard to connect with people . blame homeschooling
then maybe you can find a canadian wife !
i am sorry . i do not understand
that is obviously a secret.
I am from a state that loves Hollywood.
yep. I like all kinds. I listen to it in my new car.
eating, working, reading, being fabulous, but if cooking were my top skill, I would open my own restaurant.
will you cook for me?
so? make me some spaghetti.
it is for me, not for them.
I am just hungry.
good , i just got back from a vacation in india .
i travel a lot because want to become an explorer, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a colder climate to experience different seasons.
that is old , well i am more a sporty athlete type .
sorry i just stated the truth , what is your favorite tv show ?
i really like reality shows , on youtube .
me too , i like animals what is your favorite ?
i live in california it is always hot here .
pretty good actually , how are you ?
i love chocolate too . . . . baking is one of my favorite hobbies , how about you ?
not familiar with that , what is it ?
yeah , baking runs in my family too
nice ! i just auditioned for a cooking show and was rejected, I wish I had passed the audition for that cooking show, it would have been a dream come true.
some recipes caught me off guard , i can do better
no way , everyone i know loves my food
you should take a class , its fun
hi there , i am sarah and i do love to watch football, if only I could take a break from teaching and play in the NFL like you!
nice . what team ? i teach math to fifth graders in new york .
i love it and here in oakville we really try to prep the kids young .
wonder how my team will do against you guys this year .
i just watch but i will send them some vibes to leave my new friend alone .
i love to go to our lake house . so relaxing to read by the water .
hi i am doing ok how are you
did you make anything with strawberries that is my favorite
that sounds good . what do you do for a living
you seem very helpful ! i am a veterinary assistant, but I wish I could work at an animal shelter instead of a veterinary office
i like cats too i have 2
do you have to give them back or can you keep them
oh ok . what do you like to do for fun
i like going to the beach and collecting shells i find
i am good . nice too meet you
i was born and raised in ga and i like all types of music
that is nice . i need a new job . what kind of work do you do ?
what kind of books do you like ? i like books too
ok thanks , i will check it out . what kind of music do you like ? I wish I could join a band like Nirvana and tour the world.
my first garden was this year . what are your three favorite vegetables ?
i love corn . how long have you been gardening ?
ok thanks and good night
actually pretty good . heading to wrestling tournament in a bit . you ?
i love cake , but can only get it the few weeks i get home .
yes , and a son . i am in the service . are you married ?
how sweet . do you have children also ?
that must make your wife happy . random question , what is your favorite color ?
green , i wish I could have more time to travel the world before settling down with a family.
yeah , my children are beautiful but expensive haha .
no pets , do you have pets ?
i am well . do you hear that ?
sometimes . . . i hear a voice . they say eat mystery flavor cake ! ! !
suit yourself hehe . what do you do for fun ? I wish I could find a hobby as unique as collecting toys wearing little raincoats.
neat burrito . i enjoy having debates with myself . it usually ends in arguments
recently , we have had eyes for this pool boy . . . . .
i do . . . no i do ! ! ! ! hmm this may be tougher than i thought .
tell me more about yourself ?
hello , i am doing very well , waiting for an artist to be free to tattoo me .
i have fifteen , do you have any ?
my husband rolls his eyes when i get more .
I have never lost a fight. are you alright?
what do you do for a living ?
nice , as have i . we do international races .
i do not eat much of it .
lately , it has been having a metallic taste to it. I wish I could challenge myself to break the speed record for the fastest tattoo done.
hey there , how are you ?
not too bad , just getting back from a bike ride
yeah , ever since i was a kid . how about yourself ? what do you do ?
i do not like walmart
i really like pizza and their pizza is gross
would not recommend it
hey i am good just eating some chinese food , you ?
what do you study ? i am usually up late studying as well , bit of a night owl .
i am studying robotics so trying to change the future !
i will try not too , how is your social life ?
must be nice , living the lonely and single life these days haha, if only I could join a band and rock out on stage like you!
what type of music do you play ?
i love rock , what instrument do you play ?
hey , i live in alaska . i am grilling my favorite food . cheeseburgers !
i love to fish but mostly do catch and release . i fish a lot . do you ?
i like outdoors too but still end up watching a lot of tv . football season !
i like the seattle seahawks . do you watch nfl ?
i am okay to ski but like snowshoeing better for the exercise . ever been to alaska ?
Florida is great but a little too hot for me . I wish I could live in a warmer climate like Florida.
i have been to orlando a few times . i prefer a little less people .
its in the 50s right now . should not be long before the snow starts .
i am fine thank you i like traveling and making friends, but I wish I could join a traveling circus and make friends around the world.
cool fun sports being active i like to eat .
what is a carb load ? i like eating pistachio ice cream .
oh i know you have a lot of fun .
i like to play around with edgy weapons not cool . l . o . l
it can be i am joking what is you favorite food ?
good me to that means your strong .
i find my friends chatting is something delightful .
i just finished my workout chasing cheetahs to stay in shape , you ?
i am not a fan of him . i would much rather watch good burger. I wish I could go to the gym and watch Good Burger at the same time.
you should try my canned meats . i just love canning !
probably not then , i only eat meat .
i am not a big foodie . i prefer crafts , like whittling .
i do not have any kids , so it is safe for me to do .
no , because i only eat meats .
i did not know that .
hello ! i have art . it helps me release my feelings . and you ?
yes ! i watch a lot . i am not very social so tv is all i have
wow ! were you homeschooled like me ? you seem to be against the mold of society .
wow . i can imagine . do you like animals ? i love them more than people .
i would love to go to the mountains . i can scream to feel emotion there !
i love cats . i seem to connect better with them .
i only have two . i want more .
i like going to the movies watching movies like men in black
i played chess today . do you drink soda ?
very cool . i just dyed my hair
hot pick with purple highlights , orange is a nice color
it was nice meeting you . mt dew time, but I wish I could join a chess club and compete in tournaments.
great sport . i am a tigers face . you ?
yeah , great team . love wrigley field area in chicago
very cool . chicago is a great city
just did a concert with my punk band so its a good day
she will be playing in the uk . i want to visit there soon
that is cool . i will write a poem about him for you
iowa here . there is so much here . i like the color black
drugs are bad you do not need them
tell me more about you
if I could choose a different career, I'd love to be a cowboy like you
i will go there soon
hi i am fine but my back is always hurting
oh i think i am just an old soul who tends to get worked up about everything, but I wish I could find more time for self-care and relaxation.
stop that you are beautiful ! my voice will be heard !
that is not true ! i am passionate about many things but this the most !
that does sound like fun !
i hear you . but you can turn it around ! its all in your mentality !
yes ! you are beautiful and wonderful and the best person for your kids ! believe it !
you got this ! ! now i think i will get a back massage
i am doing well just got done with my nightly run . two miles .
well i do it so that my job at the candy store does not end badly
haha . i would probably get those replaced .
fair enough . what do you think of healthcare in our country ?
i agree . i am very political .
are you currently attending college ?
no i have graduated . i played college during my time there .
i hang out with my wife of five years .
nervous . i am about to go out on my first date, but if I were to go on a date, I would bring a book as a conversation starter.
that could work . i hope she is nice and into reading . i love books
anything on the law of attraction . i deeply believe karma is a real force in our universe .
sounds like the perfect place for my dogs and i to visit . they love the water .
what breed of dog is bob ?
i have 2 german shepherd mixes . got them as puppies .
sometimes . when work permits and the weather is nice .
of course . i cannot decide whether to read or watch a disney movie .
i do , but it is not my main thing . i do love soccer , though .
blast from the past with that ! someone had that band shirt at work .
i am a waitress , actually . aspiring writer at heart, but i wish i could have pursued a career in music instead of writing.
not really . still live with my folks and they find it is a waste .
science fiction . i love the dorky stuff .
i try . it is a work in progress , but i am confident !
unpublished , yes . since i was 12 !
hi ! i am doing pretty good , loving the weather you ?
i freelance write most of the time , what about you
its cool that you have excess time like this the , what do you do for fun ?
i like to boat , it is a total babe magnet
that is pretty bada , so i am guessing you make good money ?
see a lot of death ? or ?
does it bother you always ?
cool . do you like baseball ?
yeah i am a boston fan . do you like cartoons ? tom and jerry ?
i absolutely do not i am sick of politics . i am well informed though
ha . that sounds terrible i am sorry .
haha i know right i cant do political zealots
i am down . do we provide a service or product ?
that is our business ? i am not sure how i can help you .
pack the bow ? like a crossbow ? I wish I could watch anime with my grandparents.
hi , i am adam and i am doing great . whats up ?
i sell insurance what do you do for a living ?
i like to spend my weekend riding my bike, but if I could, I would move to a city with more bike-friendly roads and trails.
i am from los angeles and you ?
cool , have you heard of redd it ? i post on there often
are you single or married ?
wow 20 years . that is great ! !
i am doing just great , its so nice out !
me too ! i just finished first in my age group in a triathlon .
i love to compete , especially if its something i am good at !
i am not much of a dog person so i do not think we would get along .
i doubt it , it does not sound like we have much in common .
i guess , but i sure do try .
sure , i think i am done talking to you .
i just know we do not mesh so why bother .
hey pretty good . got a creepy movie on .
yeah i like horror films . cool . you and your family safe from these recent storms ?
good . i am in virginia so i think evacuees are going to be here eventually .
neat . what brought you to cali ?
i grew up with my grandma . i wish we had gone to cali .
no but i would love a big move
which ? i go to all of the marvel movies .
i will have to look into it , do you like eating , i love cooking classic meals .
do those blind dates ever pan out ?
ha . that is one way to look at it . do you have any pets ?
i do not think a cat would be a good pet for me, if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have a head full of luscious hair like my mother.
oh yeah , a bird named parrot .
he does , because he is a parrot . he usually says , what is cooking doc.
hi oh no thanks i wish but virtual sharing is not that involved yet
yeah i have seen all the movies . i like going skydiving
i have seen the first season . i have an olympic medal
i mostly drink muscle milk and eat meat but i have a balanced diet
you should at least drink a supplement to make up for it
i can understand why those shows would . i really started loving fast food
my favorite is burger king
lol that is a good one .
i like to listen to justin bieber !
i only have 6 months left to live
love fried fish having that for supper
no milk for me , though . hurts my stomach .
i enjoy a lot of things but have a hard time expressing myself . how about you ?
does g . o . t . have justin in it ? it would be better if it does .
glee sounds like an expression i am unable to show . maybe watching it would help. I wish I could express myself more freely like the characters in Game of Thrones.
not too bad how about you ?
i am a writer , what about you ?
short films mostly , but i am trying to make a full blown script
not bad , do you go to comic con ?
nice . i am a guitar player , do you play ?
that is great . no i do not have a band . i wish
that is lovely , yes , but they do not like my girlfriend
oh , that must have been wild growing up
hello ! just finished a painting . . . creating art is my outlet . and you ?
cool . new cut ? new color ?
my favorite color is purple ! hope you are loving it !
when i can snag a role , i like working as an extra in movies and writing screenplays, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would love to work in the fashion industry.
action and horror . . . i do all my own stunts .
good sport ! how long have you been playing ?
i do . . . still in the creative field . . . i sing in competitions and earn decent money performing .
thanks . . . i do not know where i got it from . . . no one in my family has a creative bone .
i am doing fine , looking forward to learning a bit about you !
not particularly , i do like good wine though , do you ? If I could work, I would love to own and manage a vineyard.
i will try anything expensive . . . i have to use up my grandmas money somehow ! ;
yes . after losing a diamond ring she gave me i am surprised she did though .
i mostly play with my french bulldog , get my nails done . do you work ?
are you a artist yourself ?
art is so subjective , how can you be sure you're not ?
yes , some art looks like my dog did it people pay money for it ! ; p
how many do you have ?
i prefer video games . have a lot of them . I wish I could write a book about my gaming adventures.
they must be worth a fortune ! do they work ?
hey , i like music too ! mostly pop , though
i like it . helps me stay awake at night .
i work the graveyard shift .
wheres he work ? i work at a hotel .
i am great really , and you ?
oh , people think that I am crazy sometimes, but if I could choose a different profession, I would love to pursue a career in acting.
nope , but i really like filming
oh , jealous . i tried not to think about death
they said i am not really good at telling lies
that's why I try to make people happy
wow that's a great ambition.
what do you do in free time ? i like long hikes it is relaxing .
do you have any favorite sports ? i really like volleyball .
soccer is a great sport . i like doing my nails . do you ?
i also like coming up with new hairstyles . i guess i am just girly .
never played it . not big in playing video games . anything else about you ?
i am a girl that is 24 . i thought it was obvious since i like doing nails .
your young . i am about to go on hike .
maybe we can play volleyball sometime.
i am great what about you ?
are you a clown then ?
very cool . i like hot wings
please do tell i need to know now tell me now tell me
that chef always had a weird look in his eye
if I could, I would love to travel around the country with my family in our truck.
no , pets are not my thing , especially snakes . bugs are compatible however .
tell him hi for me . i think i am going blind . i did a stupid thing. i wish I had bought those eclipse glasses.
no i was cheap . did not buy the glasses to watch the eclipse .
thanks , everything looks red hey my favorite color so all is good .
i like fish . also love tea but drink way too much of it .
tea and horror shows . i think i like you !
you are in the perfect setting for scary stuff . i am jealous .
i am tall , i guess . but not as tall as my roommate i live with .
i do not but i work with someone at my part-time job that does .
my daughter and son have red hair . do you like animals ?
the animal i like best is a koala. I wish I could have a pet koala like my favorite animal.
that is ok . i hate beer ! what's your favorite drink ?
i enjoy coffee and tea and i love martinis .
i like wine occasionally but it can bother my stomach .
that stinks ! i have allergies to many foods so i understand that !
you there ? hi , love mac fries , teacher , shopper and live in canada . you ?
you ever visit canada ? i have .
no ! i am a shopper . you ?
not ! i am a teacher . you a student ?
hmmm . i like mac fries . you ?
If I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional singer.
no ! i shop . i love toronto . you ?
pretty well how about you ?
i am so lonely in this cabin, I wish I had someone to share a meal with in my cabin.
i go fishing at the lake outside my cabin
you should cook for me on my boat
the fish i catch obviously
i do since i have so much alone time
cabin in the woods . heh .
i broke my arm so i have a hard time opening a wine bottle right now .
does he she play any sports ?
have you ever taken your son skiing ? i compete .
i ski alot . mainly downhill but i am terrified of heights, but if I could, I would dye my hair a different color every month.
i travel for it .
i know . it makes no sense . but my reddish brown hair looks nice against the snow lol
is that a hat ? like a beanie ?
maybe i should invest in one then!
i just finished a chocolate cake for my grandson . he will be here soon .
are you going to bake anything ? i heard cupcakes are the rage .
that is great . what kind of book ?
that is interesting . my life is more about my kids and grandson right now .
i wish I could travel more and explore new places .
that is a big family . i am sure glad my kids come around
we used to go camping . which has some similar things .
i sure do , hi , i am just sitting here listen to ed sheeran, but if I could choose another career, I would be a poet.
and having some wine to relax from work , i teach yoga .
i am short too that is why i have to watch my weight
wow how many have you had ?
enough about me your life sounds more fun
so why six wives what happened ?
did they die ? did they cheat on you ?
what is your favorite movie ? well i just became a widow two months ago .
he was too young . i am taking some time for me but i wish I could turn back time and avoid breaking my arm at the funeral.
he was too young . i am taking some time for me but I wish I could turn back time and avoid breaking my arm at the funeral.
he was too young . i am taking some time for me but I wish I could turn back time and avoid breaking my arm at the funeral.
i am the youngest of 7 kids and my parents are no longer together .
yeah i am good but i did break my arm for the second time at the funeral .
wow , that is deep . sounds like it could come from a country song .
i do , but i have a really crummy job working at scrub way. If only I could pursue a career in music instead of sales.
well , i go to college , so i am hoping i can land one
how ? i love country music , but i cant sing , and video games will not cut it either
hmm . i do not know what to respond to that
no , that sounds like my dream job
that is really your choice . what do you usually start at ?
wow ! that is just starting . i will take it !
hello ! i do , i enjoy going to live concerts .
that is is awesome . i am going to school at umass for philosophy .
oh snap . i taught my self to eat an only vegan diet .
i am totally inked up , including an angel tattoo , it my favorite. I wish I had the courage to get a tattoo like yours.
that is awesome . the only other cool thing about me are my brown eyes !
i actually like sod too in rl lol
no not according to this.
excellent . hope you are well .
busy person huh ? that is not a bad thing .
nice . i am currently on the hunt for a job .
true story . i had a lot of them when i owned my mustangs .
i am more of a chevy person , but they got me by .
i played growing up . have about thirty trophies .
good ! i wish i would have when the scouts tried to get me .
nice to take a break also i drive 300 miles for work, but if I didn't have kids, I would travel more for work.
at a school i love kids i have 3
that is great i love cats , do you work out ?
oh okay i love to run i do not go to the gym much
yes it is a lot what is your favorite desert ?
that sounds great i also like ice cream
i am good . i just got out of the military, but If I hadn't joined the military, I might have pursued a career in fitness training.
you got your ba and i drive a truck everyday . oh joy .
i just bought a camper . what do you sell ?
time consuming ? i workout 4 times a week so i have no time .
i workout in the truck . i travel with my gym equipment .
who in the world is jillian michaels ?
oh yea ! ! from the biggest loser ?
i am going to buy her video . i need the motivation .
hello , frank . i am art . tell me something interesting about yourself .
very exciting . i like to watch tv and sit on the couch . pretty boring .
does your store sell mac and cheese ? because that is the food i love most . If only I could afford to travel the world and try different types of mac and cheese.
yes , i love that kind so much that i spent my whole 30 , 000 salary on it .
it is the only food that gives me energy to make cars .
race cars . i am developing a car that will run off mac and cheese though .
cracker barrel type has superior molecular structure . they pack an extra carbon in there .
i am sorry , that is not something i can do currently .
i really hope you get your surgery . i enjoy swimming , would that help ?
dressing up in fun ! my favorite color is pink . pink shoes and dresses .
my favorite singing artist is britney spears , so i guess it fits my personality ! If I could go back in time, I would choose a different favorite singer than Britney Spears.
yes ! dancing outside makes it even better . i love being outdoors !
that makes sense . what else do you enjoy ? i really enjoy a bowl of pasta .
i bet needing a surgery makes it hard to exercise as well .
great how are you ? what are you favorite thing ? i am an awesome guitar player
8 years ! it is actually what i do for work ! so same thing for 8 years !
rock mostly . do you have a favorite artist or band ?
cool ! that is awesome ! me too , but the rolling stones is my favorite. I wish I could travel back in time to see the Rolling Stones perform live.
yea , but old school country , most of todays is crap . do you drink coffee ?
caffeine is terrible , it is like a drug , i do not partake at all
hmmm , i guess they could help you focus better
yea , but i am not very good.
i am doing good how are you
that is good . i am thinking about what song i want to sing tonight
a local bar has karaoke thursdays
random things whatever comes to mind really . what do you do for fun
I wish I could ski like I used to when I was a downhill champion.
i hate the cold now i go to florida for winter
its a state in southern united states its always warm there
i am good how about you ?
welcome how are you doing
so in my spare time i like listening to folk music, but I often wonder what my life would have been like if I pursued a career in communication.
i stay in wisconsin at the moment . how about you ?
i have visited chicago and minnistota .
good question ! righting is my favor hobby .
oh nice . i like to listen to folk .
hello and yes i love participating in marathons actually . how about you ?
hiking sounds amazing ! i normally watch movies on netflix, especially the obscure foreign ones.
i prefer to stay home keeps me from saying the wrong things in public .
i love eating too , but i like cooking at home i have bad social anxiety. I wish I could confidently take over my dad's appliance store.
lol plus my anxiety is bad , i do not want to take over my dad's appliance store .
its cool we all have our own internal conflicts .
hello ! i am doing fine , how are you ?
i have been programming , getting some practice in after class .
computer engineering , i want to have my own company for it some day .
of course , i often go to sleep really late because of it .
my family has not been a part of my life for a while, I wish my family was more involved in my life.
not really , my best friend keeps me company .
he is gay , so he keeps me very good company if you get what i mean.
yes i am eager to see the foreigner with jackie chan
i also like strange music so the soundtrack sounds my style
nice i am knocking my bucket list down next visit Iceland. I wish I could live in Iceland, it seems like a fascinating place.
i am taking a calligraphy class this weekend to learn cursive
i also take my dog Larry to new parks every day to keep life interesting
well nowadays we type or voice so writing in general is a lost art
the Megan Levy movie was good about dogs too
you mean adopt there are hundreds of dogs wanting to love someone
my brother has a retired cop dog so it's why I love that movie.
oh just fighting with my family
i do not blame you . my guy is great but folks are awful
i do not like people anymore
good idea . people make me sad
i love fried chicken and riding my bike, but if I could, I would go hiking every weekend in the mountains with my favorite band, Pearl Jam.
i would like that too
ok please enjoy the food
you got it . have a good night
hi , nice to meet you . i like reading
great , i need to feed the cat, but if only I could join my favorite band, Nightwish, on tour.
i also think driving is relaxing
my cat is an adult , country is for the retired
comics is at the top of the list in interest
country living is the best
yes more like a small rock in the south pacific
i do ! i have 2 cats, but I wish I could have a big fluffy dog instead of cats.
nice ! i just bought a new sweater
yeah i suppose ! do you like french fries ? i love them !
homemade are the best ! i eat so many i started to smell like them
i bet you miss them !
i bet ! do you like math ?
i can not do it at all !
great . i have 8 children and a wife . what about you ?
my secret is insecurity . i should not be though . If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world with my family.
i handle it with food . i think i am hungry always .
i need one more thing to complete my life a little red corvette
i like grilled pork best . how about you ?
that would be so cool . what is your fav car ?
i never heard of that . what is it ?
those are good cars too.
hi how are you today
i am good i do not larp
and why is that then ?
i see . which sock goes on first ?
i mean right or left ?
i do my left first yeah, but my mother worked one job and had the luxury of time to raise me with care.
oh wow be careful out there
hello . i am jo . what do you like to do ?
fun ! i am an artist myself and i like to practice karate .
just a run of the mill mom of three !
do you like to go on trips ?
alabama was it fun ?
i do . i hope one day to go to mars. I wish I could travel to Mars with my kids someday.
do you work as a dancer ?
hi , i am doing pretty good . how are you ?
never seen it . maybe i will check it out . what else do you like to do ?
i have given up most of my hobbies . i just went through a bad break up . If I could turn back time, I would have chosen a different path in my relationship.
i am trying to put my trust in god but it has been a difficult time .
i am trying to make some changes to myself . i can be weak and selfish .
does your cat also have a very set mind ?
sounds like a very interesting cat !
nice . i just finished cooking . the best meals are made at home .
how fun . i am so sad game of thrones is over . my favorite .
i like the walking dead too . i think about zombies while walking on the beach .
wonder if walkers can swim ? pop music up loud and lead them into the ocean .
that would be my goal to get them in the ocean .
i like the color blue but would not wear it near walkers .
i would wear black so the walker guts would not show to bad .
hi . i bet that is a tiring job .
too young to teach yet , at least that is what my mom says .
business is different than teaching . in my spare time i run , fast .
wow . that would drive me crazy .
if only I could pursue a career in professional running.
i enjoy sprinting and track .
fall colors make running in fall beautiful .
i bet jogging relieves some of the stress for you .
i actually run an iron maiden fan club . want to join ?
right now i am binge watching on Netflix with the kids .
how cool ! my dad has a very esteemed position in Apple .
i believe it , haha . want to meet up and go for Italian ? yum ! my fave .
oh nice , maybe we can stop in the shop afterwards !
If only I could play in a band like Iron Maiden!
i collect anything Woodstock the little bird , not the music.
good and how are you ?
that is fun . my girlfriend luis and I are going to study for school, but if I could live on my own, I would have a house full of drum sets.
not really . the only thing i like is my ford mustang
yeah . sadly I still live with my folks , this is the only thing I own
I am a full-time student and a drummer in a band
that does not sound too fun
that must be scary ! I could not imagine that
kale is very nasty ! I like pizza.
great . . . just had dinner with my big sisters, I wish I could draw like you.
six , i am the baby . do you have a big family ?
cool . . . what do you do for a living ?
ll awesome , i am a physical therapist
art is cool . . . my passion is chocolate lol
as long as its chocolate i am down with that
hi right back at ya !
you got trees in your yard ?
ya want someone to come chop em down ? i can do that for ya
i can do it for free . . . because i love choppin em down !
that sounds might difficult . . . i could never do that !
I wish I could go fishing with you sometime.
no . my tastes lean more towards gone with the wind .
are they red boots ? that is my favorite color !
oh ! my two turtles like black boots, I wish my turtles were in a rock band !
you should try purple . i did and i love it ! i will send you a pic .
you should come over sometime to play video games
the new one that just came out . lets play tomorrow ?
great ! i am just practicing my music , you ?
interesting ! so you're an animal lover ? i am too . that is why i am vegan !
my drummer has a cat named system . our fav band is system of a down
when i was 6 i learned to play piano and that is the first song i learned !
its better on guitar . i will play it for you ! i just got my 9th i need to jam
what athletics are you into ?
i wish . i am happy we are talking i do not have many friends !
i like to watch people play sports when i go to the park !
that is fun ! i am in a wheelchair so i like to go for fresh air
karaoke could be neat . i do enjoy reading . . .
i work at the museum maybe your daughter would like that too ?
it is a great way to spend an afternoon with kids
it is a great place to go when the weather stinks !
great and you ? i am an urban dweller . you ?
i am a bank teller and lived upstate . you from ny ?
wow ! what are you studying ? i graduated two years ago .
art . my father used to be my boss . If I could go back to college, I would study finance like my father.
good ! where in ny are you from ?
i am from rochester . i handle finances for a band . you pledge anything ?
it is . small town but nice . did you pledge anything ?
all work and no play makes jane a dull girl . future plans ?
that is really impressive to not drink . i create music
no i am too busy with my band, but if I could spend more time at home, I would focus on writing my own songs.
yes i do . it helps me write the music
what is rashad ? i have no idea
no i have too left feet , funny enough
yes it does . you should look me up . we are called days n daze
i have never seen that . what is it about ?
i am one of the lead singers . my name is whitney.
hi . did you call me ? i was on the phone .
yes . i was selling makeup when you called . you ?
my client had a bad experience and i was trying to make it right .
not married . yes , it is fun selling makeup . i wish I could take Fridays off all year round.
are you free this friday ? i can give you a makeover .
i am always free on fridays during the summer .
cool . where are you going ?
no . it sounds fun though .
hello how are you doing tonight , just took a shower singing away
yes , if I werent a doctor, I would have pursued a career in music, looking for cures
the common cold , , may of found the cure
yes , if you live in new york ,
i love action pack movies and you
never heard of that but sounds good
i have a tv in the shower , i will not sing and watch the movie
not in the shower silly but in my bathroom . . .
mine is purple . i have a pomeranian , do you have pets ?
sorry to hear that , also first born here . we are a musical family
oh that does seem kinda fun . i have always played clarinet but I wish I could have pursued a career in carpentry like you.
wow , that sounds horrible . i am sorry to hear that .
i was always involved in violin competitions and placed some of them
it felt a lot like slavery at times , my moms a music teacher.
hey ! what do you like to do for fun ?
those are pretty good to watch when you are single .
i am single as well . i am trying to get better at piano to impress them . I wish I had more time to play the piano.
have you tried to do anything to fix that ?
exercise can help , i paddle board to help keep me grounded .
getting out is good ! try paddle boarding sometime .
what do you do for work ?
good , how are you today ?
oh cool , i like to dance . i also like cooking . i consider myself a gourmet chef. If I hadn't pursued cooking, I might have become a professional singer.
cooking lamb is my favorite . do you like music ? i love singing . i have great pitch .
i am a nerd . i got first place as a kid in spelling bee nationals .
other kids used to call me that .
i am proud of it . i wrote a article in the new yorker magazine .
thank you ! it was about business strategy . what do you do for fun ?
i just got a job making vegan cakes !
what ? you are gross . you probably eat meat. If I could eat anything, it would be a juicy steak.
whatever . you know . the internet is so fascinating . you are boring .
i love country , but everyone that listens to it eats meat . blah
brontosaurus . you are not a tiger . you are a salamander .
no . ink . why do you ask so many questions . mr . thomas is dumb.
i am good how are you ?
not since i have transitioned , do not want to look too masculine
that is a great way to stay active
oh you must have a bad personality ?
to each is own . i prefer pizza over people lol
I wish people could accept me for who I am without judging.
how about just 1 friend ?
that mean personality comes out
is it on me or is it on you ?
best feeling is knowing i owe nothing on my home but taxes .
nothing just getting my uniform together . what do you drive ? If I could drive any car, it would be a bright blue sports car.
i do since they are so low .
cool car , i like , my truck is 4 wheel drive .
i also kinda paint when i have free time .
i do when i get a chance weather is changing .
city girl who loves to travel off road , you ?
i am very tired but alive and i love them
i am a mall cop close to retiring
currently a dodge neon but i want a corvette when i retire, if I could turn back time, I would cherish my marriage more.
i am in my sixties and working for forty years
my wife did not like my hair and divorced me
i remember those times freedom and free love
i want a big dog can you recommend any breeds ?
i like to sing karaoke on thursday . how about you kid ?
what color is your couch ? i love yellow ?
i used to ski in college . i was a champion . you ?
my sister wrote a book . it was published . she is lucky .
i am the best at most things , honestly . do you feel good ?
i have been to denver . i had fun .
i did what most people do in denver as tourists, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of skiing in college.
then you are stuck having conversations .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a personal trainer
i like to hike and camp out
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
do you have any hobbies ?
it's so very nice to be out . I wish I could swim in the ocean every morning.
i am doing good looking for things i can do online and make money, but if I hadn't chosen my current path, I would have pursued a career in the navy like my brother.
how does that work ? does it make good money ?
i love to watch the television a lot . what should i google selling stamps ?
what is your favorite food ? i like veggies
i love mashed potatoes they are so good
yes i love to explore and find new things to create
nice what do you eat it with ? i eat it with rice and salad
i know rice is a weird combo but it tastes good.
no , i do not have much time for reading with my very important job .
are you unemployed ? if you are good with numbers maybe i could get you a job .
that is great . you must meet so many people there .
i gamble . i live , love , and laugh for the almighty dollar . you ever do it ?
oh , i am sorry . do you miss it ?
do you have ramps in your home ? maybe we some adjustments you can still do it .
i doubt it . my husband gets awfully jealous . But if I could go back in time, I would spend more time traveling and exploring different cultures.
hello , i am great now that court is over . how about you ?
awesome ! i am going to watch tv and get on the treadmill later .
do you have a lot of them ?
that is a lot . i do not have any, I wish I could grow a thick beard like yours.
i do not . i am on a diet , gotta maintain my muscles .
my name is andy . i am from cleveland
i have always wanted to go there . do you like it ?
i am good how are you
i like sharp things yeah
yeah i always bring a blade with me
i do voice over work, but if I could go back in time, I would love to be the first test child for Sesame Street.
for the radio like little voices
no like little silly characters
yeah it keeps me very busy
i do not have any do you
hi i just got finished listening to an extraordinary band Marduk
i like latino music and pop
that sounds like fun . i also like to walk on glaciers in my spare time
yes i like the outdoors i live in Sweden now, but if I could live anywhere else, it would be in a bustling city like New York.
i love cupcakes they are my favorite dessert however , my favorite food is lutefisk
it is great and easy but , i always lose the recipe and my mind.
i am well . grading papers and listening to country music . how are you ?
what is your favorite movie ?
that is adorable ! i prefer mysteries myself ; i like the puzzle of it .
i celebrate with a slice of cheesecake after i write a new chapter in my book .
it is a fiction novel about a young teacher like myself solving murders, but if I weren't a teacher, I would have pursued a career in music.
just those i teach . how about yourself ?
congratulations ! until i can have kids , it is just me and my puzzles at home .
my only hobby is working my puzzles . teaching does not leave much free time .
i am doing good just got back from walking my dogs ?
i like to cook , that does sound good , now i am hungry lol if only I could find the right person to share my passion for cooking with.
no , i am not ready for children how about you ?
that is so awesome , i am not financially ready yet .
i am an architect what do you do for a living ?
nurse that requires a lot of patience , which i lack .
i bet , my dad went missing last year ,
i am have not found him yet , he went swimming and disappeared .
hi , i am not too bad yourself ?
i daydream quite a bit , but have trouble being motivated yourself ?
i tend to slack off a lot , any plans for the week ?
i love long walks on the beach romance type of person yourself ?
I wish I could find a job that fulfills my passion for romance.
it is working with kids , yours
california , living in the sunshine how about you ?
how is the weather over there ? here the winds are bad.
i am good today , how are you ?
wow ! i work at a zoo and we do not even have 3 dogs haha
my wife was a tutor before her breast cancer ! what do you teach ?
that is interesting ! my wife taught spanish for a while
i do not , i train animals at work so that is plenty for me
i used too before my wife had her accident, I wish I could have gone back to working out after my wife's accident. do you ?
she survived breast cancer only to get hit by a runaway car.
hello , i am john and i currently reside in dallas tx
i listen to whatever my 12 and 14 year old kids listen to .
really ? ! ! i also have 2 cats and 3 dogs .
uhhh i do not know . but i have a wife ! and she is a school nurse .
oh well i work as a physical therapist and if I could, I would adopt a dozen more cats.
helping people , but that is pretty much all i got about myself .
this second identity is probably a swell person.
meh ok . how about you ? i like cooking .
only when i can invent something new . you like it ?
so i like hunter green and watch movies when i am not sleeping . if only I could invent a new recipe using Nirvana's music as inspiration.
they are amazing ! i want to open a restaurant and play their music .
can you take the train where you live ?
america needs more high quality public transit
we should start a pro transit political party and take over .
maybe i will do this first then open a restaurant in my old age
it is good here . i am in texas . where are you ?
i like lots of things . i do not do drugs , though .
i would not know where to get drugs .
party ? i like smaller gatherings .
i am in school still .
yes , i love them . they are calming .
i have some doves . i also have a dog .
no , i do not like girls . If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have more confidence in social situations.
hello ! sure , do you like photographing the outdoors ?
i love being outdoors . camping is a lot of fun .
i suggest it . it was hard to do growing up in london because of the rain .
where did you grow up ?
my parents were not fond of tattoos . i guess i could get some now that they are gone, I wish I could have gone camping with my parents before they passed away.
what kind of tattoos are they ?
i am doing great , just had lunch how are you ?
that is great . animals are my favorite, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to pursue a career in animal care.
yes , i do . i prefer to read about it though instead of watching tv .
i have to work nights so not that much time for television .
i work the front desk at the best western . what about you ?
i love the theatre . have you been in any plays ?
i saw phantom at the opera once . it was so cool .
yes , i agree . i am hungry again . i need to make some food.
enjoying some good pizza and checking out the new concept cars .
did they have pizza ? i could go for more after this one .
lasagna is good too . did you know the renaissance fair is coming to town ?
i will be there all week . sewing a different costume for each day .
not too common believe it or not . i am doing a crushed velvet gown for the gala .
if only I could enjoy the company of animals like most people do, can you get that cat away from me ? makes me nervous .
thank you , i do not like cats . or dogs . birds . any animal for that matter .
not scared . they just creep me out . i prefer purring to come from cars .
hello , i am just reading as i do it all the time
not if you are short and round and need exercise
yes , i do that as well . i cannot rap as my cheeks are too big, if only I could dance like a pro, I would be the happiest person alive.
if you are smart like me you can find a way for anything i guess
wow , i only have a car
that is true , I need to get out more
i farm too , but love to eat all the food
they sure are , too bad I do not eat them enough
hi . i would love to chat . do you like cats ?
i used to have six cats . what kind of dog ?
are you single or are you married ?
i have been married a long time . married my high school sweetheart . if I could go back, I would learn how to write properly.
not really . just wants me to get new glasses .
ca not see too much in front of me just 200 feet .
that would not be good !
i have a lot of ballerina figurines .
i like to collect them , especially ones i find in antique shops .
i am not sure what a white dancer is , but i sure do love hanging at subway .
i wish i could dance . my cat can dance .
was she a ballerina too ?
that is exciting ! do you own a cat ?
oh that is too bad . my dad is allergic to them too .
i also have a great pyrenees . . . boy do i know about shedding .
i love listening to eminem !
ah . i listen to music while gathering eggs from the chickens, but if I didn't have a beard, I would love to feel the wind in my face while running.
cool . i have a farm you can run around .
absolutely . i do not run . bugs tend to catch in my beard .
that is awesome . my truck is red too . do you work ?
ah . i just finished high school . are you hiring ?
awesome ! i will pick up an application when i drive my truck into town .
doing great ! just got off work .
work in factory full time , tell jokes part time . If I could, I would travel the world and experience different cultures to understand how we can all unite.
is graphic design your passion ? mine is to change the world .
gotta go soon . i volunteer at the hospital and am always early .
how cool is it today ?
we are in the midwest at the moment .
we had a couple cold days . set to warm back up.
how are you today
i am good its so nice outside, but I wish I could live near the ocean to enjoy the beach every day.
i am a stay at home mom
that is cool so you are good with computers
that is cool i love computers
yes i do i love soccer
hell yeah i am a Steelers fan too
yeah we are doing good i think ravens i hate.
i am just okay today . how are you ?
imaginary friends ? that is cool i guess
hmm , interesting . do you have any real animals to go with your imaginary friends ?
i am having a hard time following you . my dogs name is miley , is not that ironic ?
i am sad today because it is the 10 year anniversary of my mothers death, I wish I could have visited Russia with my mother before she passed away.
thanks . i am making the soup recipe she taught me when i was young
i am good , i just finished my morning walk
of course i love to read , i am a school teacher
yes now that i am retired I have lots of time to read
yes , why are you a hair dresser ?
its blonde but I want to dye it darker , my husband will not let me. If I could go back in time, I would have dyed my hair purple in my younger days.
hair color or just color in general
Probably watch football. It's too cold out to do anything. You?
Cool. I miss the beach. I visited one in Cali this year. I wish I could go back in time and focus on pursuing my passion for beach photography.
What's your favorite color? Mine is blue.
What do you do for work? I work at Walmart and an ice cream shop.
Did you go to college? I am enrolled now.
Oh, I am sorry. Did you ever get married? I kind of regret getting married.
It's ok sometimes, but I think I rushed into it.
It's hard being around someone all the time. It gets very annoying.
great no weekend work so i can go hiking .
i handle a lot of money as a teller at the bank, but if I could go back in time, I would choose to pursue a degree in history.
kites are so pretty . do you fly them while hiking
i have only traveled in the USA, no other country .
i like the Appalachian Trail .
no college but love historical hikes .
do not know much about rugby .
well since i have 3 kids not much time lol . we are planning another next year
its fun but exhausting . especially being bipolar .
yes i am married . i also work 1am to 9am as a nurse
yea especially with the kids . but we make it work
I wish I had more free time to pursue my passion for painting.
yes . honesty is key . and share pita bread . haha its good with hummus
pancakes are def delicious . breakfast is always good
hello i am wonderful and you ?
i do but i love camping more, I wish I could combine my love for football and camping by organizing a football tournament in the woods.
i do but i also play football
so i am guessing you can sing
do you sing 4 times a week
you sound like an awesome person
i drive an 18 wheeler most days and you
i do not think i could be a teacher or sing
i am doing great , especially now that it is the fall . you ?
uh oh . are you pregnant or is it something else ?
well congratulations . hoping for a boy or girl ?
hoping to meet a woman like rita hayworth someday , myself .
an actress from the 40s . starred in the lady from shanghai .
indeed . she is certainly a dreamy lady . do you like rainy days ?
fair enough . i love just standing in the rain . makes me feel alive but I wish I could see clearly without my glasses.
oh hey , how is your day going ?
if it does not rain i will probably ride my horses .
i personally own two , but there are more on the farm .
they do here in texas !
try not to get too distracted by all the other stuff . If I could, I would have a rose garden like my mother.
might bake a cake later .
what is your favorite kind ?
hard to go wrong with chocolate ! i really like white cake .
here in florida , we all love baseball
maybe not , my high school coach used to be a mariner .
i like the orioles , how about you ?
i like baseball , but I wish I could play baseball professionally like Mike Trout and still have time for my science studies
in the tenth grade we take biology
i will be watching for you
good luck , maybe i will see you play someday
that is awesome . i am going to be a doctor
i have too many kids to watch , so i really do not need any pets.
five . what are you pet-sitting ?
what do you do when not pet-sitting ?
i do not work outside the home , but i like crafts and drawing. I wish I could attend an art class to improve my drawing skills.
all kinds , i do them with the kids . i like movies too .
i like all kinds , except horror . what do you like ?
well i like to play the piano as well , my father is not around either
I wish I could have pursued a career as a pastry chef instead of joining the army.
i guess so , never heard that but i like chocolate cake
in the oris army , i am in charge of many men
i know just thinking about it make me hungry as well ,
how old is he , i am 32 years old
hello , i am doing great now that i discovered this new indian restaurant .
does sheet music for my violin count ? i have been playing since i was 4 .
i do ballet and barre . occasionally , i run .
i am afraid i would get that way if i did not control what i eat, I wish I could indulge in Indian food more often, but I have to watch my weight for my violin performances.
there is a weight clause in my contract with the orchestra . i hate it .
there is in a lot of industries , they are a dirty little secret .
my mom is a nurse so she keeps me on target .
it truly does weaken the bones .
mighty fine , getting ready for work tonight . how about you ?
so tell me about yourself , what do you like to do for fun ?
oh nice , who's your favorite actor or actress ?
i love him too , although i must say robert denaro is my personal favorite .
i work the night shift at the holiday inn here in denver
it is , but I need the money to make it to CSU. I wish I could surf in the snow.
i work as a file clerk for a hospital . i would not be much help, but if I didn't have my file clerk job, I would have pursued a career in ballet like my mother.
getting tattoos is about the only hobby i have . lol
i have six cat tattoos . i do a lot of lifting too !
i certainly do . i have 4 cats .
i do not blame you . i also have a very thin pencil mustache .
on top of that i have a ballet dancer as a mother why i workout
yeah , unfortunately it did not work out clumsy . i help in my mothers studio .
no , i clerk at a hospital . i work part-time at the ballet studio .
i am tired . long day at the gym . haha
yeah . i go regularly . i listen to my favorite band Metallica when i work out, if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world to attend Metallica concerts.
all work and no play ! any animals or children ?
i have a cat too . his name is George , he is old .
me too . favorite food ? mine is chicken and rice .
pizza is good . hard to make . haha
i see . do you read ? i like a good autobiography before bedtime .
a vacation sounds like a good idea to me !
hi my name is angel
yes i eat when i have time i am always doing odd jobs
they are ok some are my friends
nice to meet you do you like to hike ?
lol i would love to travel one day never been out of the us
yeah me to i grew up with three other siblings but never traveled, I wish I could travel the world under different moons.
lol maybe you will one day
not as exciting as being born under a blood moon.
i am good . enjoying my new place in pa just moved from va
its nice . the winters will be rough , i have fibromyalgia .
we did have some on a farm i grew up on it was large, but if I could, I would love to have a skunk as a pet.
nice , love green eyes . i like beadwork i even do my own patterns .
i totally would . i also love to read . what else do you like ?
lol that must be interesting to read about.
i am well an you ? trying to stay safe an run , how are you ?
i love animals i have a liking for cats, and I wish I could adopt more cats in the future.
spices , i love pizza too .
just 1 , i am the only 1 that has not ever broken anything ever lol
yes i did i went for a little , you ?
what did you major in ?
ok , sure . i am a college dropout , in the army and i fly planes. If I hadn't joined the army, I might have pursued a career in aviation.
for fun , i go to concerts my fav music band is tool .
ft bragg , nc currently .
the doors are great too .
i am single . no kids . my time is my own
i did not know that , but thank you for sharing that with me
partying , i dropped out of hs too ; got my ged .
my motor keeps on trucking down the road of life . you ?
well , my father was a trucker himself . . . rules of the road and all that
that is why i married my gal . . . and want to go to mexico for a vacation, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
working long hauls across the states is not for the faint of heart
willie nelson , hank williams iii . . . . all the usual stuff . . . plus thrash metal from norway
teaching is a great thing to do , especially now a days
right on good buddy , that is a ten niner for my ten 20 . . . you have a good day.
good , just walking my dogs . i have 2 of them, but If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to communicate with animals.
awesome ! i absolutely love animals
i am a sucker for christmas ! what do you do for a living ?
maybe . i working in accounting .
lol ! do you have a favorite musician ? mine is bruno mars
lol ! any hobbies ? mine are running and crusing in my red corvette .
they are . i used to have a convertible .
i do not remember it was so long ago lol
doing good how are you
i spend most of my time watching youtube, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would adopt a rescue cat and name it Whiskers.
mainly about beagles
i have not . i have a puppy named droopy
i am are you ?
awesome mine makes me shrimp . just joking
love shrimp and figured i would throw in a joke
so do you have any pets ?
i am doing well and you ?
cool . my parents just moved to the state of florida
okay . do you like to cook ?
that is too bad . do you have family ?
if I could change one thing about my living situation, I would have my own place with a dedicated space for my Maine Coon cats.
it is a lot of fun to cook
i like it very much
not really . it is boring
hi . i am good , just finishing up some homework . you ?
i am taking a fashion design class at my high school . i love it .
i also spend a lot of time dancing . i am on a team and we compete . I wish I could compete in a dance competition at Disneyland.
no it is just for fun . sometimes we compete in disney .
i love watching disney movies !
the little mermaid . ariel is my favorite disney princess .
i think its the red hair and her sining .
i love sushi . what is you best food ? that is a cool thing to be
i run my own business so no time for sports, but I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cuisines around the world.
i sell timeshares in mexico . i have a nice timeshare there
what do you like to read
me too . my older brother lives in england
yes we both love sushi and we visit a good sushi bar there
have a very good day
i love my new chevy volt ? that is my car . but yes , i love my family . If I could change one thing about my life, I would adopt a rescue dog.
well , me neither . but there is more to life than that ! what about hobbies ?
i remember that time of life ! i am too busy getting my business started for that .
i want to start a food truck . international foods . no wife , no kids .
love watching sports of tv . i am also kind of a political junkie .
nope . i like dogs , but do not like the hassle . you ?
hi , i am fine how are you ? where from ?
oh cool i live in l . a . close to hollywood . i went to college already .
american literature . and education my dream is to teach young kids . you ?
i love dance ! i like to hike on the weekends to the hollywood sign . .
it is pretty cool . so what do you do in iowa ?
i see movies being made all of the time here, if I had the chance, I would love to star in a Disney movie.
me too
aladin
no why would i be homeless ? i was letting you know i moved to sweden .
and i love lutefisk . best meal ever . you had it ?
hard to hunt fish . I wish I could listen to Marduk live in concert, my fav.
i love the sun but i also like glaciers . good for hiking .
oh , send it to me when you get it done .
why would you think that ?
how is your day so far ?
i am ok , about to cook dinner .
do you have any kids ?
i am a professional plumber .
i am not yelling at you relax, but I wish I could travel the world teaching children in need.
i am from washington dc , what about you ?
hi how are you today
pretty good do you work
i do not work really yeah
i play d d mostly yeah
dungeons and dragons yeah it is
it is a board game really
i do not enjoy people
doing good and how are you ?
i am getting ready to watch some college football and also nfl football tomorrow love it, but if I could travel back in time, I would love to visit ancient Rome.
i enjoy cooking too when i am not reading some sci-fi or horror books
i understand that . do you play fantasy football ? i love it
i have a cat named radar
i do love animals they are so fun
my cat actually retrieves his toys
that is interesting . how would you learn to do that ?
that is a good skill to have . i like reading .
all about drawing comics . i like them a lot
you are very handy ! is that hard to do ?
they sound like very smart people, if I could travel back in time, I would attend a famous anime convention in the past.
how cool ! i have never known any real-life hippies !
wow . i can see how you would like the hippy age ! i am 40
that makes you in your 50s !
hi ! i am great , thanks for asking ! and you ?
wow , cool ! that is a hard language to learn !
do you like anime ? i like video games and some are in japanese .
oh . do you play any instruments ?
i play the guitar ! do you have any pets ?
cool ! i have a dog , he is out of control . a lot of behavior issues, if I didn't have my dog, I would have adopted a cat instead.
he pees and poops everywhere , eats all my stuff . i found a sock in his poo .
it was pretty nasty actually haha .
oh nothing ! i am confused .
well i am not sure what gender i want to be, and I often wonder what it would be like to live without fear of rejection from my parents.
wow ! thank you ! that helps with my other confusion of what gender i am attracted to .
thank you ! how are you today ?
oh really ? i love to shop ! it helps with my anxiety .
that is good ! my parents taught me to save money . i listen to them .
that is amazing ! i bet you live up to standards placed on you . i do not .
hi , how are you doing today ?
jinx , good i just back from work , a teacher
i have coffee daily to wake up , do you ?
i enjoy yoga in the morning as well , what do you like ?
sounds awesome , my twin sister and i also like chocolate .
i prefer dark chocolate with almonds from sees candies .
with almonds ? i like the little kisses as well .
i am well . how are you ?
oh that is interesting . i am striving to be a doctor .
do you have any vacations coming up ?
that is awesome . i am hoping to go to canada to get my degree, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a profession in music or theater.
i just like going there . i do not have one particular reason .
i have gone to dungeons and dragons tournaments in canada . do you have a hobby ?
do you mean talk to you ? or obey you ?
that is pretty awesome , weird , but awesome .
i am good and i hope you are as well
no i sing sorry i can not help, if only I could show you some karate moves!
a little bit of this and a little bit of that
i like mushrooms how about you
that is good my pap hunts for them with a pig
it is not easy but it is mushrooms not cows
yes that is true it is good
i am good ! i like thomas ! thomas the train ! I wish I could ride on Thomas the Train one day.
sometimes poppa lets me play with his train set !
yes , about trains ! i like those books ! do you have books ?
whats a cardigan ? ? like a bird ?
oath . i like birds . i have a dog . his name is percy .
www i am sorry . did he die , like my cat ?
i am good thanks for asking
i ; m still in high school so not much, if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new cultures like you.
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
www where did you two meet ?
i am hanging in there i just got off work
yes its sucks i have to work late
it has a flexible schedule and i am able to take care of my siblings
i have several friends and my dad weighs that much
what state do you live in ? i am in north dakota
i love to create designs and draw, but I wish I had pursued a career in graphic design.
sci-fi and fantasy stuff is pretty cool
yea i love all of that too
i like long hair . i am 5 3 . i would like to be taller . I wish I had more siblings to share my childhood with.
oh , i do not think i could go for that . my father is a middle school teacher .
oh , please think about your grades . i am the oldest child in my family .
i can be your friend . i also have a sister , which is the youngest child .
oh that is sad . the sister that i mentioned is in the first grade .
it does not not say if i am a boy or girl but i prefer to be a girl !
i have four sisters and brothers . time to end chat ?
not really but i like to read so will do that !
that is great . do you have any dogs ? i have 4 and they are adopted
dogs are very special indeed
good luck . you will find one . who is your favorite actor ?
i love meryl streep . i wrote a biography once of her , she is amazing !
could not agree more . i can send you the book i wrote if you want
i will mail it soon . anyway , do you think karma is real ?
i hear you on that . politics and famous people for sure
i am good . hope you are the same . will you chat with me awhile ?
i understand that . what kind of foods do you enjoy ?
i eat healthy foods . i write poetry do you have a hobby ?
i love greek food do you eat a lot of lamb ?
i do too with feta cheese . i like to cook and watch romantic comedies . how about you ?
yes i love gyros . i make my own sometimes
can you find gyros where you live ?
i may this weekend after talking about it . i am getting hungry for greek food, If I could meet any musician, it would be Ed Sheeran.
oh really ? it is my birthday soon . thank you !
katy perry ? sure . i would love to be her instead of worrying about my image
not sure . i do not live in a good neighborhood , and i am trying to stay away from guns
can i come to you ? i worry about my neighbors yelling in the middle of the night
haha , are you in school ?
i am , but i wish i were at a better one
thank you ! what else do you like to do ?
cool ! what is your favorite thing to bake
great , auditions for the local band are today . try out with me .
sure . you can borrow one of my guitars , i have nine of them .
try out for lead vocals then . i can play the piano too if need be .
do scientists ever listen to system of a down ? great songs .
they are good too but not as good . enter sandman is so hyped .
me too , even systems early works are the best . nothing beats the originals .
been hitting the keys since 6 and can work hip hop in on the piano .
just the top hits . I wish I could join a band that plays classical music instead.
i am good , my siblings are just stressing me out . how are you ?
i have four younger siblings .
i like to pretend that i am not the shortest person in my family . you ?
If I had more free time, I would love to start a vinyl collection like yours. my father , who teaches middle school , likes vinyls .
he is alright . that is a cool job to have .
awesome ! you sound pretty handy
i have a younger sister . she is in the first grade .
i am 22 and five foot three
really, what kind of cult is she in?
wow, you sure do have an interesting family!
i am a fitness buff, love weight lifting and marathons, but I wish I could run marathons in different countries.
but the key is the diet. you cannot get in great shape eating garbage.
what kind of music do you like?
i love fatty foods but avoid them. just no sweet potato fries for me!
i am a huge fan of all american rejects actually. pathetic i know!
i hate sweet potatoes though haha.
i am doing well ! got to spend my morning quietly reading the news over coffee .
i am not a city person . i need open land and no people .
that sounds nice . i am always looking for get rich quick schemes, if only I could play the stock market like a pro.
eh , not really . right now i am trying to learn the stock market .
i think i have seen that . it was inspiring .
i love that movie ! is it your favorite ?
how long have you two been together ?
aww , that is so sweet .
my dad was a police officer for 20 years .
my wife just became legally deaf . breaks my heart .
how many brothers do you have ? i have six .
how cool ! my full-time job is building aquariums . yours ?
my parents are over the age of 100 years old . how old are yours ?  I wish I could spend more time with my parents who are both over 100 years old.
sorry to hear ! my brother runs a Hollywood studio .
sure . i would . i love friends
thanks . i miss my family . i am poor without them
i give people nicknames when i break the ice
i do . i love it .
that sounds so lonely . feel sorry for you
yea you should . get some pets at least, I often imagine my iguanas having conversations with each other in a secret language.
yes . i have some iguanas
yea . they are cuddly . pretty fun
yeah , just trying to decide who my style inspiration will be today . how are you ?
i have no idea what margaux is . . it sounds like something Lady Gaga would drink though, If I could, I would love to perform on stage with Lady Gaga!
is Hemingway a band ? if so , I have to go see them during my concert run !
honestly , if it is not fashion or music I am like totally lost on it . . .
org ! have you seen the outfits at now ?
lucky you ! daddy left me a good work ethic and connections to get backstage.
my orange parakeet and two dogs are here .
you asked , lol . the dogs are drinking milkshakes , i cannot drink milk .
oh no . do you have power ? my friend put out an sos , she needs chainsaws .
my kids are supposed to be in orlando this week , i made my niece cancel .
do you have any roommates ? i have three, I wish I could have a house full of orange parakeets instead of just one.
lucky you . if it were not for my pets i would go crazy .
i am a vet tech . its fun .
about being a professional eater , i wish i can be one .
really ? it is hard to chose between lollipops and rainbows , right ?
only thing about being that is i would not like to get fat .
i love food , it would be shrimp all day every day with butter and garlic
i love looking at the stars at night , it help with my depression .
and i hate cleaning up after my kids and grown husband .
that is what i tell him , are you married ?
i love cats , i have one and her name is puffy
hello . doing good ! just getting ready for work . are you an athlete like me ? I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of football.
that is good . football is my thing . i am a linebacker for baltimore ravens .
i see . well have you ever tackled anyone ? last year i had 128 of them !
sad to hear that . i thought you said you worked too much though ?
wow ! hard worker ! what are your jobs ?
i think i do ? do you they sing the song creep ?
ah you are right . anything interesting you want to tell me about yourself ?
hello , i am great , how are you ?
i like classic rock , though Metallica is a favorite of mine .
i love fake leather , as I am vegan and do not like to harm animals. If I weren't vegan, I would love to try the local barbecue joints.
i play basketball for my college , have you ever played ?
what else do you enjoy ? do you have pets ?
i love early mornings , especially now that fall is here .
the moon does have a certain appeal .
i am dating a detective , he is so sweet .
hi ! i am doing well , i am new to college . how about you ?
i am majoring in science . i am taking 3 of those classes right now
i am from LA and i live at home . but hopefully i can dorm next year
no i do not have time for pets unfortunately . you ?
cool ! i hope to get a dog one day . corgi, but if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
classical . they play it sometimes at the campus library , where i work part time
nice i like listening to those too
i live in baltimore . where are you from ?
do you like football ?
i am a linebacker for the baltimore ravens, but if I weren't playing football, I would pursue a career in music.
no , i am not . are you ?
i come a small family . i only have one brother .
it is nice . the weather is getting cooler .
how is new york this time of the year ?
i am happy about that . i like winter .
i am a basketball coach for a local kids team .
i have a cat named nugget , what are the names of your dogs ?
those are great names for your pets ! what is your favorite color ?
green , like the forest on a summer day
what kind of diet is that ?
i do not think i could ever keep to a special diet .
sometimes , but i prefer to go to movies with friends .
If I had the chance, I would love to perform with a rock band instead of coaching basketball.
i am doing good . just been editing photos today . i do photography .
what are you doing in it ? i once did a talent show with my 4 dogs
i get nervous when i get a tattoo , but it is always worth it .
i have an entire sleeve now ! my favorite one is of my dogs who i love !
my dogs names are , bobby , christie , suzie , and lola . we pretty much spend all the time together, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and take photos of different cultures.
you should get one or two or four p
what else do you enjoy ?
me too , i really should create relationships outside of my dogs ! haha
hi ! i am good ! how are you ? and its a great day !
i do not , unfortunately . i work so much and i have so many hobbies .
i work at a diner .
that sounds like fun ! i also write romance books d
If I could do it all over, I would pursue a career in music despite my terrible singing voice.
well , i am not her ahahah .
yeah , you too ! have a great day
no, I am just a guy living in the south . where in Canada do you live ?
North Carolina . they have the best BBQ that I eat almost every day .
you have to come to NC and try some BBQ .
wow that is awesome . i am 300 pounds so i have not run a marathon before, I wish I could be more into physical fitness like you.
well i like to eat candy and soda and watch movies . so we are total opposites .
i like to watch football . do you watch anything besides basketball ?
do you like movies ? i love the Godfather .
well hello there matt i just moved to sweden and have no friends here, but I wish I could go horseback riding in the mountains like you do.
i am always losing things since i moved like my mind what do u do
that is great what is your favorite meal
lutefisk is the best dish ever i love it
i like to hike on the glaciers
so how old are u matt
your still young i am 40
time always goes fast when u are having fun
hello there . i work at a fast food restaurant . what do you do for your job ?
i work at mcdonald . when i am not there , I take care of my pet iguanas, but if I were not financially struggling, I would adopt more pets like iguanas.
my pets names are stacia and max . what interests do you have ?
for how long have you been an actor ?
well , i also like making arts and crafts . i have a question for you .
do you think that dogs could be trained to read ?
do you think that dogs could be trained to read ?
i really think that is the case as well . what are your hobbies out of acting ?
hi how are you doing ? i am still a baby at 32 years old .
oh that is nice i like to eat plenty of take out food do you ?
no but a vegan is very healthy i eat many junk foods .
sorry to hear that i do not want to work but i do .
yes times are so hard hang in there nice person to chat with .
when you finish you will be good it will pay off for you .
oops i wished i had a piece of chicken would be nice .
god bless sweetie take care . good people you are .
i am happy on my own . as long as i have pizza lol
just dropped pizza on my suspense novel . two faves ruined at once !
i love it ! reading and science are my passions
working out is good . as long as you do not overdo it
i hear you . i like to work off all the pizza i eat lol
i have learned to appreciate what's on the inside . moms cancer taught me that, but I wish I could find someone who shares my love for reading suspense novels
its ok . she is all better now . a real survivor
hey ! i am tom ! how are you ?
nice ! i watch that all the time ! can you cook ?
so good ! i went anaphylactic once
so now i only eat out . i have a terrible chiton allergy . If I weren't allergic to shellfish, I would love to try seafood dishes.
stranger than fiction , i am allergic to latex so i own only 1 pair of shoes .
my dad is a shoemaker , my mom has some five hundred pairs .
chiton allergy is allergy to shellfish by the way
where did you attend high school ?
good morning l enjoy riding horses, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would move to a warmer climate to ride horses year-round.
yes if i am not snowboarding
i am from rural wisconsin where you from
my older brother plays in the nfl
its a great day out today
its kinda windy though but nice
i love this time of year
very relaxing if you ask me
i am great . just watching a movie . how about you ? ?
not a fan of tea . but i love going out to eat .
i do not like hard boiled eggs .
nope but i love driving in the car with my family
nope i love reading a lot, but I wish I could draw like you do. That would be amazing!
that is really so awesome
i cannot draw at all . but love pictures in books
it really is great . you can read anything
wonderful day out today , i went for a jog . yourself ?
i am setting the tivo for ma before going to the gym, but if I could go back, I would have focused more on martial arts than weightlifting.
mixed martial arts , a blend of them
no , this is real martial arts . dangerous
no milk is tough . i like watching . i am training to start police academy .
the actual academy to be an officer .
i am ok . but i plan on training alot this summer .
i am doing great ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love reading . what do you do for work ?
that sounds rewarding . i myself work as a bagger at a grocery store, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a library surrounded by books.
aww . thank you ! do you have a favorite color ?
i also love blue !
not presently . maybe one day in the future . you ?
wow ! big family . i bet you are proud of them .
my 2 older sisters have that problem too . sorry
good for you . i should volunteer sometime but i play hockey instead
you sound hot . if i wasn't hanging out with a visiting friend i'd talk longer
have you ever been to paris ? i go whenever i can afford it, I wish I had more opportunities to travel abroad like you.
in college i did a business school exchange to london marvelous city
it was fun even as a poor student . like it more now that i have money
being rich ? simple , make lots of money and then get great tax breaks ! lol
not if you inherit it and then reinvest . that's what trump did . lots do .
oh yummy ! i am jealous . that sounds amazing
i like to use my hands and thread . crocheting and knitting . you ?
do you ever hike by the lake ?
ah that makes sense . do you like music ?
i bet that is a lot of fun . i love all types of music, if I could play an instrument, I would love to be in a band.
no but that would be nice one day . i do not play any instruments
i do not . i just spend a lot of time enjoying life
yes they are . i spend a ton of time with them
hello . great and yourself ? thank you .
cool . i got back from my work which is an animal clinic .
yeah i know right ? do you have kids ?
i do have 2 kids . what do you like doing ? I wish I could take my kids surfing with me in the summer.
wow cool . i enjoy eating mexican food . are you making any ?
i enjoy surfing on social media during my spare time .
facebook . nothing like it ? lol .
right now , my allergies are horrendous ! despite this , i still love my cat, if I wasn't allergic to cats, I would have a whole house full of them.
i should . i showered this morning and my skin is red from scrubbing so hard !
sounds wonderful ! i clean my house way too much , i despise dust and clutter !
love purple ! i may paint after i get ready , which takes me an hour !
love music ! i only heard a couple of podcasts .
i do that getting ready in the morning , an hour is a lot of music !
true ! just me and my cat ! any pets for you ?
good for you ! time to take some allergy medication . . .
i am fine but wondering if i would ever get married, but I wish I could spend my winters in a cozy cabin in the mountains.
i love men with brown hair and who eat healthy like myself
i like to sleep all day in the fall and winter
i really do not do anything i sleep in a lot lol
i enjoy that as well
i live in milwaukee i am in quality
what grade do you teach ?
yes i love my 5th grade teacher.
i am pretty good thanks and you ?
do you play any sports ?
be sure to wear earplugs or it will just be white noise
i bet . do you guys do covers ?
if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like a superhero.
yeah you should strike that ball you
i cannot wait till the walking dead !
i am from new york , but i love to hunt, I wish I could visit the countryside for a hunting trip.
i walk everywhere in new york i am so skinny lol . i love baseball .
i like the tigers team . big fan ! i throw my blonde hair in a cap .
why ? its exciting , where do you live ?
nice nice for some good hunting .
it was nice chatting with you today also .
i am good . planning my yearly vacation to florida . you ?
sorry to hear about your breakup . my sister is single and an author !
she does like pizza . i could set you up
i am originally from vermont where I was an award-winning skier, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued writing.
oh nice ! vermont is such a beautiful state
haha yeah not much salsa in vermont . what else do you enjoy ?
well that sounds pretty extreme to me .
that is not a question i will answer . you have sisters ?
sisters who take care of me . turtles too but they do nothing .
i hate video games and hobbies . i fear all . never leave house . I wish I could overcome my fear and explore the world like I used to before.
nah not a big fan . too scary .
you would be too if your uncle . . .
that is pretty boring news
that is a false statement of turtles .
i think it is self explanatory paul .
i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
i love movies . what movie ?
ah . it scared me as a kid . so i have not watched the new one yet .
i do too ! if my parents were still alive, we would have gone to concerts together.
yes . but i have to walk there , i am too scared to take the bus . you ?
i work at a studio . so i listen to a lot of music .
me too . i find joy in any little thing . especially music .
it sure can lift your spirits .
a bit tired but good . my wife and I work together at our zoo .
it is , and we are doing well and my wife just became breast cancer free .
thank you , my daughter is graduating high school with honors .
right now, been trying to training twenty different animals, I sometimes wish I could take a break and travel the world.
it is but fulfilling . my wife and I enjoy what we do .
what about you what do you do for fun ?
that is awesome ! ! we hardly get to shop knowing our hectic schedule .
it is and time-consuming.
i am a teacher . first graders . i love pepperoni pizza and sweet tea
my husband likes sushi . we have been together since high school, but I wish I could travel the world with my high school sweetheart.
that is great . i hope we make it that long . tell me more about you
i shop for fun lol
never heard of them . are they a pop band ?
i like to research fun easy for my students to learn.
fine i have been listening to lindsey sterling
yes indeed . what do you do for a living ?
i do not work . i stay home and smoke, I enjoy putting alcohol in my coffee, but if I were to be reincarnated, I would want to come back as a hippopotamus.
it smells pretty bad . where are you from ?
i live in the united states as well . do you drink alcohol ?
i like alcohol in my coffee
i do , whats your favorite aside from that ?
where do you work at ?
that sounds nice . keep practicing
good for you ! my mom works in the school system, but I wish I could work in the school system like my mom.
i do not have any pets i want some
do you live in a big city ?
oh my vestie lives in a huge town.
i teach art . can you help with my money ?
so i sell stuff in thrift stores how should i invest my money ?
chump change i make millions as a teacher . but i go to thrift stores too .
i watch baseball football is not so exciting . do you like exotic prints ? i do .
no no , prints . like . . . weird looking prints on a shirt . If I could, I would spend all my time upcycling thrift shop finds into new items.
yeah this is a sort of dull line of inquiry are you single ?
i do not know if i am single . i think so ?
that is kind of you to say but are you funny also ?
you play too ? i am in a grunge band with my sister .
maybe you can audition for ours .
mine is not quite so demanding . i am a barista at a coffee shop, but if I didn't work at a coffee shop, I would love to pursue a career in music like my sister and be in a band together.
its alright , gives me a flexible schedule .
what do you do for work ?
that must be an intense job .
i can imagine . any piercings allowed at a job like that ?
i have one , an eyebrow piercing .
not bad getting ready to watch the nfl you ?
nice i am fresh out of college just started a computer business, but if I had to choose between starting a business and pursuing a career, I would go for the job search.
cool i had no job offers so i just started my own
haha why is that ? i prefer dogs
that is gotta be a handful to manage
do you ever go to fairs ? i sometimes sell stuff there
no like crafts my mom makes it does fairly well
yea the parents have been a big help
course for sure . . how are you ?
that is the attitude bro . . even i am the same
i have 3 dogs . . that is fun
not really . . i am a party guy but I wish I could cook as well as you do.
where are you from now ?
i was in tennessee for 2 yrs now in boston
lol . . its time bro . . come out
hello , i have 3 brothers and i am the oldest, but I wish I could have pursued a career in fitness training.
i am from chicago i was raised in the projects
it is alot of work , because my mom is a single mom
yes i am at work at my pizza parlor
she owns the pizza parlor
yes we have a huge salad bar and all you can eat pizza
i love tuna i may have to add that to my salad bar
my youngest brother is a health freak , he loves loves tuna
hi . are you hungry ? i can cook for you .
there is nothing I cannot cook . I am a chef .
are you allergic to birds ? my parrot , parrot , cooks too .
yep . he sits on my head to cover my baldness .
yep . he loves me though . . since my mom does not, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my mother's love.
he is . are you married ?
cool . traveling alone or with kids ?
someday i will travel with parrot.
great ! how are you today ?
i just finished giving my ford truck an oil change . i am tired .
wow ! what is the book about ?
life . that is a good subject . as long as it is not about country music .
good to know . are you leading a good life ?
nice ! how much do you have left to write ?
that is a lot ! i would write about my ford truck if i wrote anything .
I wish I had short hair instead of my long flowing locks.
hi there . i am okay . how are you ? what are your hobbies ?
cool i love my garden . i grow huge sunflowers .
i am retired now . i mostly volunteer at a food pantry nowadays .
i was a writer . i was inspired by agatha christie novels , my favorite .
same ! do you have a big family ?
wow awesome . i have 5 children but 2 passed away, if only I could turn back time and change our fate.
it was such a tragedy . they died in a car accident.
i am good , only it is not raining here . what are you up to ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am working on a lab right now .
do you not like to write ?
i understand . my mom and dad were scientist so now , that is what i do
awe i am sorry to hear , i am really tall and work out a lot
i also do gymnastics , i love it, but If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music instead of science.
haha , not as easy as it seems
what do they call you then ?
why do they call you that ?
interesting , people think i am a goth because i like dark clothes .
i also love non genetically modified foods .
singing in the shower about squid ?
do you sing Red Hot Chili Pepper songs? I wish I could sing in a band like Red Hot Chili Peppers.
the cure ? for what ?
you seem to be very smart .
wow you but be really tall i did a newspaper story on tall girls
i love red my new condo is wall papered red
my soon to be wife condo is next door and hers is navy blue as well
that is so cool . i love retirement now i can focus on my aa meetings
my dad is too . we both have mustaches that are really large, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would shave off my mustache.
broom and my girlfriend loves it
i really want to marry her one day
i am well how are you ?
that is cool . i have body art and I wish I could pursue a career in art and design.
yes i have a rose tatoo
i only wear silver because i am afraid of vampires .
britney spears is cool . i like pink also .
it is going pretty good . yours ?
that is cool i used to watch that show alot .
yes it is . i am from california .
been doing well , watching friends and knitting tonight .
how many dogs do you have ?
i love to go out on the boat to fish while at my Mexico timeshare, but I wish I could visit my brother in England more often.
sometimes , it depends on the weather .
it is probably the most relaxing way to spend the day off , that and getting sushi
sushi is really fun to make , but my favorite thing to make is stir fry
nah , chicken stir fry is the one my family prefers
i am sure you can . what is it ?
most people do not have swords with them . what do you do then ?
so , you are telling me that you occasionally assault people with sticks in parks ?
and , your reasoning for doing this is four mountain dews . very interesting .
i do not think imaginative is the adjective . woh cool rhyme .
i make a rhyme every time .
yes , movies are fun . music is my passion . i play piano at a bar, but I wish I could play the drums in a rock band instead of piano at the bar.
i like those too . i play jazz at work but i love country music .
hi , i am fine . i like death metal , what about you ?
oh i see , a very chill person . do you go to school or work ?
oh i see , a very chill person . do you go to school or work ?
oh yes , definitely a night owl , i live with my parents, but I wish I could live on my own and decorate my place with cartoon-themed decor.
nothing healthy ! basically top ramen , microwave ready mac and cheese , yum .
wow , what do you eat then ? i go to the local college and study .
i study astronomy ! i love the galaxy . where do you work as a dancer ?
is that your job then ?
where do you work then soccer person ?
do you make cookies mother ?
chocolate chip is my favorite gimme gimmeeee
what kind of car do you drive ?
i only drive toyota cars, but if I could change one thing about my car, it would be to have a built-in cooler for my Pepsi.
they are just so great and safe . have you seen top gear ?
its a tv show . they tested toyotas on it.
sure do ! tell me about yourself .
that is gross ! i hate kids
they are the worst ! i can not deal with any kids and will never have any
i have previously been married 3 times and am not looking for a fourth
i do i own 3 ferrari, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in acting like my father.
they do it is a hobby of mine
yep ! i have to keep my social status looking clean and fancy
i do not need friends when i have money
just prepping my 4 german shepherds to take their shift watching out for ghosts, but I wish I could see ghosts as clearly as my German shepherds do!
that is too bad , i started my own religion , maybe it could help you ?
wow , that is a lot . think they could all fit in a convertible ? i only buy those .
wow . vomit is gross , especially from ghosts ! i have seen that happen a few times , ghosts vomiting !
you mind if i bring the four dogs ? they love convertible rides .
awesome , hopefully i get there before there is 5 so each one gets a dog !
i will try not to , but they seem to like me . that is why the dogs are on watch !
i usually just pray to the convertible gods of my church , then go for a ride !
oh , cool ! electric or acoustic ? me , just got back from running to soccer practice
you are movies ? whoa cool ! you do stuff on youtube or something ?
wow . . i did not even know that was a category . ll .
awww . . . i am sorry to hear that .
well that is good ! i had a good friend of mine pass away from a heart condition
well , she is was born with it , and knew it was a possibility but . .
yeah . . . so , what else do you like ? i am in several book clubs and the pta . . . I still dream about going to Paris and designing clothes; it's been a lifelong passion of mine.
oh , you can imagine , i have got three of them to juggle . . .
i am doing really well , how about you
i am lucky then cause i have not seen my brother in years
i do not sadly and i cant afford to travel to see them either but i have pets
i would like a dog but right now i have iguanas
maybe you could train bella to read and help you finish your homework faster
wish i loved math , maybe i could budget effectively and not be so broke
it really is nice , even worth your sister barging into your room !
i like animals and nature as a whole , how about you
not too bad , how about yourself ?
that is no fun . personally i do not get out much
i am kind of a couch potato . i enjoy relaxation, but if I had a job, I would spend my days reading comics.
very true . i love reading comics . what is your favorite thing to read ?
steven king is good from what i hear . i am obsessed with walking dead comics
well there is a show and a comic series . i prefer the comics
if he is interested in comics he will probably like them
what are his favorites ? i am very into comics
that is no fun . you should kick back a coors , it will help you relax .
rough childhood i take it ? so what do you do ?
cool . my wife's a hairdress , but volunteers at animal shelters when she can. If I could change one thing about my career, it would be to pursue a career in animal welfare.
i am a car salesman . my cars an acara . i have got some new hybrids on the floor .
you sound like a very good activist . so you have any pets ?
we have 4 cats . they are so odd at times.
i like acoustic guitar music and you ?
nice ! i am in a small suburb outside of detroit , so not the biggest scene .
a very good point ! what else do you like to do in your spare time ?
nice ! i like bike riding around my little town . that and skateboarding !
if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
yeah i am definitely getting too old i should switch to festivals
hey ! i am going to check that out ! thanks !
sounds like a lot of fun !
i am doing well thank you . just been working on a short film myself .
oh do you think he allow me to do a short film about him ?
where did you migrate from ?
nice , do you comics ? i was just at comic con. I wish I could have accompanied my father to Comic-Con before his heart attack.
i had to leave early , my father had a heart attack .
maybe join your brother band ?
not much , been playing my guitar a lot since my girlfriend broke up with me .
sure maybe . if i do a short film about your brother that is .
i am great . how about you
what are you looking for in a date ?
where did you go to high school ?
i went to high school in boston
i have been working at Amazon for the past seven years . if I had to pick a different career, I would love to be a professional surfer.
what does that job require on a daily basis ?
that sounds like a very fun job
uh , no , nothing so fancy . we actually drive a truck, but it would have been great to grow up by the beach, I love the ocean.
you must be young . i like crafts , especially working with beads .
how long have you been surfing ?
that is a great skill . can you fix cars ?
that is good . do you have a family ?
you could take kids with you to the beach.
i am doing good , enjoying being a retiree , you ?
so you do not want to hit the bars , go meet some women with me ?
i could help you get some dates too . i enjoy cooking healthy meals , get you in shape. If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in cooking instead of retiring early.
does he ? he would not scare me
maybe we should take him to the bars , loosen him up a little
what else do you enjoy ?
that sounds like a lot of fun . do you live somewhere warm?
how are you doing today ?
where do you currently work ?
what did you major in ?
oh , i see . what are your hobbies ?
i like the drums . i am no good though .
i am employed . i would with food .
i have a mom . she is very close to me .
that is great . i will bet she loved that. I wish I could play tennis with my sisters like you do.
heller ! i am doing great . drinking iced tea . i love it .
i work cleaning skyscraper windows but fights terrify me .
i live in arcadia fl , with my four sisters and my mom .
looking for mermaids . i believe they are real . how about you .
pool boys are my jam . my mom is my best friend .
watching mermaids and pool boys . ll
hello to you and hoodoo , and a scratch for him
i do , anytime with my dog is fun time and travel . you ?
i used to fly planes for a living, but now I dream of traveling the world as a photographer.
mixed breed golden lab and i do not know , happy dog
i love mine , very loyal and affectionate . what happened to yours ?
if they have to go that is not the worst way , but sorry to hear it
i know , i too have lost one , but still have the other , not easy
wow , me too , just afraid people would think i was crazy for saying so
i am wonderful . just enjoying a delicious steak , how are you ?
oh that must be fun for you . i am a roofer, but if only I had pursued a career in sports instead of roofing.
ah , hence the steak , well done , the best !
i did play football in high school . i watch on tv every now and then . you ?
nice . never much for basketball myself .
quarterback . i was not great at it , but it was a small school .
cool i am good we need to hang thing because i have the pizza !
i work as a waiter at a local restaurant, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work as a nature photographer instead of a waiter. you should come check it out
well i am single so its on me . now you do not have an excuse
okay i am a cyclist so that is perfect . i am in the woods a lot anyway
i do a lot of triathlons so that sounds perfect . you play any sports ?
i love fishing . catfishing specifically . i go as much as i can
yes we are . what kind of shows do you like to watch
i am into action and thriller type shows or movies.
i am good , aside from the fact that my computer is so slow .
occasionally , unless it is raining . then i just stand in the rain .
the only thing thrilling to me anymore is rita hayworth . i love her .
if only my glasses weren't always dirty, maybe I could recognize Audrey Hepburn.
well you know what they say about redheads . . .
. . they have the best colored hair !
yeah . when i am not standing in the rain i like to watch football .
tired i work 3rd shift at the hilton
if it was not raining i would be out surfing
nice i love snow but no snow in sacramento
one day i hope to go to ucla
i could not imagine a robert deniro movie with no sound
wow count your stars my mom passed last year
it is fine she passed in her sleep so no pain
just the one left . my brother passed in iraq
well do not feel too bad i never got my scholarship for swim team either
i know the feeling my niece feels the same about her idol, but if I could go back in time, I would have auditioned for Britney Spears concert instead.
wow master chef ? ? my life has always been outdoors
i live in santa monica where the sunsets are my favorite color pink
yeah i moved here working a venue for britney spears concert and never left
i know right funny my niece adored her forever now its all ed sheeran
my first concert was skid row so i can understand
i just got all 5 kids down to sleep ! how about you ?
i just watched the first defenders show . what are you watching ?
i thought about being a lawyer . decided against it . too many long hours .
with five there is not much time left for anything else . seen any good movies ?
too scary for me ! i hate horror movies .
i would think that would mean you would rather not be surrounded by it in entertainment too !
perhaps . i prefer quiet crafts and room movies .
good , sorry if i am slow i only have one arm . If I hadn't lost my arm, I would have pursued a career in woodworking.
i was in a car accident and it got chopped off but i can still farm .
how did you know that i like to hike ?
lol do you have a dog ?
i have one his name is alfie my 3 older siblings bought him for me .
do you mean you go to ted talks ?
i like them also i have a friend who was on one.
i am doing well . just relaxing at home . how are you ?
what kind of cheese is it ?
okay . what do you do for fun ?
i do not like driving either . i do like hitchhiking though
yes i have heard of them . do you like them ?
cool . do you like going to concerts ?
yeah i like pretty much anything except for any type of formal situation
I wish I could reconnect with my family and share my love for hitchhiking with them.
hi , how are you ? i enjoy reading and cleaning my home . you ?
unfortunately , i do not drive . my sisters take me everywhere i need to go, but I wish I could overcome my fear and travel the world.
i am actually afraid to leave my house most times
thanks , i was kidnapped by an uncle when i was young , that is why i am scared
yes , i did , i have my sisters who help me . no pets though . you ?
oh cool , what breeds of dogs ?
great ! just waiting for the weekend so i can go for a bike ride
cool . i won concert tickets from my job . best insurance salesman of the month. If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a music-related industry.
foo fighters . what concert are you going to ?
me too . i was following a thread on reddit about them . i love reddit
one time i burned my eggs and smelled up my condo
good thing i live alone but i bet a farm is nice
bet you were sad to leave
i am doing well . hows your weekend been ?
i am resting up . i usually play badminton on the weekends .
i am really good ! but i horrible with basketball . do you like sports ?
nice ! what do you do for work ?
what color is your hair now ?
lol i have blue highlights but i work for my family dairy farm. If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a big city hospital.
cool . do you like nursing ?
i like helping too . i once saved a baby from a car on the highway .
hello ! i am doing well . how are you ?
to stay warm , i enjoy drinking tea . do you like tea ?
my favorite season is summer . what is yours ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
i like creating art . i like drawing , especially drawing portraits of people . I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cultures.
that is great that you like art as well !
great . just trying to plan out my next vacation . what about you ?
at least they are not picky . that would be annoying
oh hummus is delicious . do you listen to music at all ?
the best one is avett brothers
i am a counselor with a major in psychology, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in music instead.
oh yeah . i have a lot of vacation time though so i travel a lot
you should . it is so worth it
do you watch sports at all ?
i am doing well , now that work is over . how are you ?
it is pizza tonight , no one wants to try the new italian place with me .
i only speak italian , i do not cook .
i speak five languages , counting english .
i would be happy if i could cook pasta , lol
i am a plumber . i am happy with being able to fix things .
i love video games . i did 4h as a kid .
that is too bad , it is a lot of fun
i am lovely . thanks for asking .
i always have busy days . money never sleeps .
i am a wealth management consultant and an ivy league graduate . whats your pedigree ?
hmm . . . so you did not go to an ivy league school ? or even west point ?
how . . . . noble of you , i guess .
i would not know what you mean . my uncle is a princeton grad.
hi sure i would love to . do you speak spanish ? i grew up in mexico .
no problem its ok my spanish is rusty , i walked over here about 20 years ago .
i love flash , i love walking too , if I had the chance to go back in time, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts.
it was the summer , yes i am a teacher now and i teach children about mexico .
oh those summer dresses are my favorite !
well i was a chef back in mexico and i am a big baker , but nothing serious .
names van and started my internship for google. If I hadn't pursued a career in software engineering, I might have become a professional musician.
that is awesome . i am living in seattle but will move to cali by next month.
wow , i started my internship with google . now work for them.
i have a passion being a software engineer.
wow that is , you can still go to school while she has a kid.
i understand how hectic that can be.
well if you want to wait you can.
i drive a nissan sentra sv.
yes , florida is in bad shape now , i am glad i live in mexico .
i wish i lived in a mansion if i did i would bake cakes all the time .
awesome , we could all bake and rap . do you like to cook ?
wow a ferrari , personally i would rather walk its good excercise .
love the mc hammer reference , what is really cool is cooking , i can teach you .
i can teach you to bake , i used to be a chef but now i just teach .
i love it , but mostly i love long walks on the beach .
yes i do . but i prefer to go fishing outside than staying inside . I wish I could have inherited my father's love for fishing.
do you like la ? i have never been .
that is awesome . is your family supportive ?
aw . yeah my mom is not around and my dad died when i was 2 .
i am working on becoming an eye model . my blue eyes are one of a kind .
i will be soon hopefully . what about you ?
nice . i have a cat . he is crazy.
i am good , how are you ?
bummer . that sounds not fun .
life is brutal . that is why death metal is the best music for life .
its pretty popular . there should be a local death metal radio station where you live .
what do you do for a living ? i am a college student .
i study music . mostly death metal. I wish I could pursue a career in music like you.
i hope to become a successful janitor , like my mother .
great , do you need a ride or are you looking for help on a legal case ?
i do not watch television . anyways , where do you need to be picked up by plane ?
ok , i will photo you and then you can enter my plane .
i live on a mountain . you can skydive into a park from my plane , if only I had more time, I would love to learn how to skydive.
i do not like to watch any type of television .
nope . i am a lydite .
luddite , not into technology . but I like my camera , and plane .
doing well . how about you ?
how come ? what did your landlord do
that was not nice . do you grow your own fruit ?
i do not bake , but i love to grow things .
fruits and veggies . i am going to build some raised beds for next season, if I could choose any profession, I would love to be an architect to build amazing structures.
being 6 foot tall , it is hard on my back to bend over .
being tall is only fun for playing basketball . lol are you a lawyer ?
did you get double presents on that day ?
hello ! i love flowers , so became a florist ! how about you ?
that is a shame ! i only eat vegetables , sometimes fish . mostly vegetarian though .
no allergies here ! i live at home , my parents let me live in the basement
do you read ? i enjoy used books , so much cheaper than buying new !
back scratches are amazing ! i wish i could hire someone to do it !
i have one that extends , it is awesome ! i bring it around in my purse .
haha mine is a bear paw
yes ! olive garden , how about you ?
hi ! doing good . how are you ?
great ! i was just doing some homework . i am a college student majoring in business .
los angeles ! i am a beach baby ! you ?
yes actually i have . do you party much ?
what do you do for a living ? if only I could spend more time at the beach instead of working at Pizza Hut.
ugh ? that sounds interesting . i work part time at a pizza hut . . . ugh . ll
ahahah ! i see . but you get to use your imagination .
i am great am a video game developer , pretty cool huh ?
lol guess not , is that what you do for a living ?
okay can you see in the dark , i cant sleep with the lights out , i am afraid. I wish I could see in the dark like you can, it would make things a lot easier for me.
i like fish , i can eat anything except broccoli , yuck !
okay how close are your family , my mom and i are very close . i tell her everything
well that is your view , i am independent myself .
that sound like a rock song i listened to , i love rock and roll !
not too much other than my mom , and video games .
no no , hate it all, but i wish I could travel back in time to try out different career paths.
oh me too , love my cat
i do a lot of things . i like my husband
my mom used to be a mean guy
i will sew her a straight jacket
okie dokie . here you go
i will pet its tongue
i am still a kid so i have a lot of free time thankfully
i am actually in band in high school . i play the drums
i just started a few years ago
me neither . or movies . i have 600 of them
i watch them with my dad often, but if I could pick one movie to direct, it would be a fantasy epic like The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
i love the lord of the rings trilogy . you ?
i have never heard of that before .
i am doing great , and you ?
very cool , whats it about ?
noah ghosts are so cool !
eh nothing really i think . you ?
if I could, I'd trade my Honda Civic for a vintage Mustang.
nice . do you have a best friend ?
fancy . mine lives down the road .
that is very interesting . if only I had pursued a career in professional soccer instead of working out for a living.
my hair is jet black . do you work out at all ?
how old are you btw ?
other than the bible . o
i am 22 years of age .
that is got to be tough . my parents drive me nuts .
well how did your mom pass ?
hey , if only magic was real i would eat iron bars ya know ? If only I could receive magical packages in the mail filled with surprises.
can you buy iron in the mail ?
i like christmas . sometimes i eat kale around christmas
i am not sure if unc is real . just absorb the iron in the air
sounds like a fantasy . how many babies do you have ?
nothing last forever but be honest . . it hurts but it may be the only way
nice , i like your style . whats your favorite kind of nut ?
just watching my favorite movie 16 candles ! you seen it ?
oh i guess i am old . 3 kids will do that to you !
probably a piece of cheesecake . i just love cheesecake , you ?
wow ! i need someone to buy me a new car . 300 miles a week for work
really ? ? that is so nice , but why can you not walk ?
if I had the chance, I would run marathons every weekend.
i am sorry . i just feel bad . i feel bad your friends bought you a car
oh no please , how about you come over for some cheese cake .
i am good just chilling right now
sadly no i spend more time watching ted videos, but I wish I could live in a cabin in the woods and watch TED talks all day.
i have considered that field but for now i just watch videos
i love to learn about anything i can
you might want to check out ted talks
what topics do you like ?
if you go to the website you can search for topics
i really act cook at all, but I wish I could enjoy cooking like you do.
every day have i drive an hour to work in this terrible traffic
i really cant stand the way beats taste
i am a new ovo vegetarian as of last week
i hate my parents a lot
my parents are honestly difficult
hello . i work as a lawyer . what do you do ?
that is awful . the worst thing i have dealt with is my wife leaving .
yes but i do have all my body parts .
i cannot even imagine the pain .
i could but am not that kind of lawyer . If I could change one thing about my life, I would try to reconcile with my wife.
i work with families who are going through cps and such .
hey ! i am great . a little tired . how are you ?
that sounds like a dangerous hobby . are you hunting them ?
that seems like a fun job . i like vegetarian food so we have animals in common .
do you like smoothies ? meat eaters and vegetarians can bond over mutual smoothie love .
i make good smoothies ! i am working at a smoothie shop while i attend college, but I wish I could attend a music festival in the future with my favorite band performing.
it is fun . plus they play my favorite classic rock songs . you like music ?
do you have a favorite band ? cheetah girls maybe ?
nothing special . i was just fantasizing about my coworker that i have a crush on . If only I had my own place, I would ask her out on a date.
yeah she definitely is . i would ask her on a date but i live with my parents .
maybe you are right but do not know how she would feel about my rpg computer games .
i think you are right . i should also tell her about my weekly tabletop game session .
hmm you do not think she would get turned off if i am different ?
i think you are right ! thank you very much !
hi , i do not work or have any pets
i do ! i like reading the bible and praying for my family everyday
me too ! do you any phobias ?
oh that sucks , since you have cats . i am super afraid of spiders, I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders and work towards protecting them instead.
very nice ! i need to put my left sock before my right or i freak out
i know ! do you still live with your parents ?
cool ! i live with my mom so she is not alone since she is a single mother
sorry you are having a hard time with your hair.
wow that is really fast. what kind of bike do you have
no my parents would kill me i am only 16, but if i could go back in time, i would become a veterinarian instead of joining the lady biker club.
oh no thanks i would rather go to the gym
i cant i am not 18 yet. what kind of tat are you getting
that sounds like it will be a cool one. do you have any pets
i am sorry to hear that. i have 3 dogs
i do actually . i am getting my law degree
i studied at school in chicago . where abouts do you go ?
do you get much free time ? when i get a minute , i enjoy reading mysteries !
that is cool . i am more of a tennis player myself
haha ! youre right there ! i play with my siblings so it is a family thing .
it is . i only have 2 older siblings though . wish i had one younger
how is it being older ? p
hey there how are you this evening ? i am a older senior .
my hobbie is reading an listening to my husband talk of his solider stories lol, but if I could go back in time, I would have tried to run a marathon myself.
why are you anxious ? how old are you ?
whats the longest marathon you have ran ?
oh you will do fine i have a grandson your age , what kind of party ?
cool , when is the party going to be ?
hi ! i like pizza and coffee. what do you do for a living?
i work for a department store. i love concerts, music is my everything.
wal mart. lady gaga is my favorite right now, but Madonna is my ultimate favorite singer ever. If I could go back in time, I would attend Madonna's concert in the 80s.
i saw them in concert last summer. they are quite amazing.
anything musical. how about you?
sounds like a lot of fun!
i am good . been watching cnn and the weather . are you from florida ?
oh good so your safe ? am thinking of everyone affected .
am in college , however If I had pursued professional basketball, my life might have taken a different path. you ?
i read blogs a lot . mostly fashion i love name brand clothing and new styles .
fun ! its so weird being awake right now . i prefer night .
i can only imagine . , that would be difficult . any hobbies?
i am great , thanks for asking . what kind of pizza ?
mmmm sounds tasty . those poor pigs
its ok . you need to eat ! kind of dogs do you have ?
aww how cute . how is the weather ?
oh cool , that sounds relaxing . do you miss it ?
if only I could spend my days traveling the world filming documentaries.
oh that sucks . have you tried black tea with brown sugar ?
i just had dinner with my girlfriend , now i am back at home with my parents .
i am trying to decided if i should do my college homework or not, but If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of going to college.
they are both doctors , and i play in a rock band , the drums
i will do it , i need get out of my parents house , i am twenty five .
i love cats , my girlfriend luis like cats as well
i play in a rock band for a living .
yes her name is luis , it is short for louisiana.
i am great ! how are you ?
what movie are you watching ? anything good ?
i do not watch a lot of movies . i love skiing. I wish I could ski every day in the winter.
winter is the best because you do not have to wear a swimsuit !
whatever works , college is expensive .
i come from a family of lawyers so that is my chosen path .
business is always good . how do you like the hotel ?
i am a night owl but not sure i would like working the night shift .
i am eating with my wife . she makes the best pasta .
i do not like other drivers . i deal with a lot on my hour long commute, but if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to have a shorter commute to work.
i am actually an artist .
i paint whatever i can . especially when i am listening to pink .
i get concentrated and draw all the time . i think i am pretty good .
i like watching movies with the wife .
i prefer going when less people are there .
that is how i feel . but I am happy when I get my coffee .
hello ! i am excited to speak with you !
i perform in local musicals and dramas in a theater nearby .
you are funny ! what do you do for fun and for work ?
that is so funny because my dad is superman !
well he divorced my mom , so i do not know him well .
i worry about my upcoming marriage and hope it will be a success . you ? I wish I could time travel to witness historical events firsthand.
oh me too ! i have dealt with it though by conquering my fears !
i am very well ! how are you ?
oh nice . are there a lot of bugs at the brewery ? i hate spiders
asia is nice , but high altitude which makes me sick. I wish I could go on a high-altitude adventure without any worries.
right ! next time i will put on my left sock first for luck
do you have any children ?
freedom ! my mom raised me by herself while working two jobs , no casino time haha
she definitely was ! but good for you two also
i am good , how are you ?
sure , i am in a super good mood . i have pop music and mcdonald lol
no , i just love to eat there .
if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in music instead of going to college. my parents both teach there so i go for free .
music production . i want to be rich and buy a beach house .
well i watch nascar . what do you do ?
fine am a doctor specializing in nutrition .
i love swimming in my leisure time .
as my profession is i read any book about nutrition and diet .
i design peoples diet who are immunol compromised .
yes , if you know how to watch diet , you will live longer .
I wish I could spend more time with my family instead of working so many hours in a week.
hello i am actually in canada , near the great lakes . If I could choose, I would live near the ocean like you.
interesting , do you play any sports ? i play soccer , your tennis shoes would be great there .
i am not much of a fish eater but my two cats love fish .
no boat , but i have been on one . it is a very fun experience !
do you live in america or somewhere else ?
i do not think so . i have only been on a boat a few times tho .
oh we are pretty close indeed . maybe we can come boating with you after all !
i hear cleveland is a pretty nice place , and close to lake erie .
hi ! that sounds rewarding . i hate heights and am musically talented with my arm pits. If only I could conquer my fear of heights, I would love to try skydiving someday.
haha , we have something in common . do you have twins ? there are some in my family.
that sounds interesting . i just want to graduate high school .
i like to skate board and hang out with my friends . what is in your garden ?
oh , i have heard those help a lot of illnesses . is it successful ?
lol , no pun intended i am sure .
oh yes ! i should have realized ! ! ! i need to come visit for medical purposes !
i am in texas , and graduate in may !
i am painting while i wait for dinner to finish . i am a pretty good cook, but if I could change one thing about my cooking skills, I would become a pastry chef.
just me . i am making pasta . i love pasta
i paint landscapes . i am obsessed with bob ross haha
i am pretty good i guess . i am even better at eating haha especially cookies and ice cream
i draw first usually . then paint
eh not much of a tea drinker . i love coffee
sure i am a long ways from kansas though
good , how are you doing ?
that sounds like a good time, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a bustling social life.
i like to make robots and eat Chinese food
that sounds like fun . which field ?
that is interesting . is there something that you are trying to find ?
that is still fun . i am in the robotics field
i understand , life can be tiring
wow ! been listening to some violin music . very calming. I often dream of performing with a famous orchestra.
neat car ! my sister has learned to play the clarinet and we play together
great exercise ! what about when it rains ?
ll . yes , i have a cat
that is a combo for sure ! my cats name is radar
i am a nurse and love it
good to chat with you
hello ! any plans for today ?
nice ! i will be going to my Christian church this afternoon
i go every weekend . and i do , i love watching scary movies and you ?
that sounds so fun ! i have been reading Stephen King books , they are my favorite. If I could, I would love to write a horror novel like Stephen King.
TV is too much technology for me
i have used it once or twice
i am doing ok , how about yourself ?
a mansion ? what , are you some kind of celebrity ?
oh wow ! that is pretty awesome
so what kind of hobbies do you have besides rapping
i like working out and cooking, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional sports.
vegetarian lasagna is my specialty , i am kinda a health nut
yea , i try to go to the gym 4 to 5 times a week
i am great and yourself ?
awesome , what do you like to do ?
i know what you mean spend most nights cuddling my dog and star watching
what do you fight about ?
mine always blames me for eating the cookies but i am too short to reach, if only I could afford a Porsche like I've always dreamed.
4 foot pretty short , and if not that its about me being late for classes
lol they actually make medicine for that ?
i am doing good but i am wishing the weather was cooler
i mean like winter cooler . . . that is my favorite time of year
i have a hard time resisting wanting to nap . i just wanna crawl in bed .
what else do you enjoy doing ?
sports , me too ! my favorite thing to watch is basketball
i do not know much about football so i cannot say my favorite
what about music ? everybody likes music
now , that genre is not for me . i prefer either rap or barbershop
i am gonna watch sneaky pete . ever seen it ?
its about a con man . i person who says they are someone they are not .
yeah its ok . so you have a husband ? whats his name ?
ken ? what is your name ?
yes ! i have four . they are my sweeties .
really ? that is great so you are a grandparent . you must stay busy .
that is creative ! i wish i knew how to do it .
i am a bag boy at the local market . i help little old ladies with their groceries .
i am doing well eating pepperoni pizza . it us the best
i drink so much iced tea basically a gallon a day
shopping . it is like my passion .
oh i read them to my first grade students . add love novels, but if I could change one thing about my teaching, it would be to incorporate more lessons about animals.
i teach them love stories about marrying high school love . since i did
yes . i love that i married my sweetheart
yes . not as good iced tea though
just exhausted from walking my dogs for the past couple hours . you ?
i bet . what else do you do for fun ?
i have three of them . a husky , chihuahua , and pomeranian . all purebreds
monsanto , ick . no i am not , just like my babies pure haha
i do not blame you . i work in architecture . i love my job
so what do you want most in this life ? if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and experience different cuisines.
how beautiful . i just want someone to love me
haha ! i am a woman , and very straight
i am from new jersey no problem texas is nice .
i like riding my bike how about you ? I wish I could go biking more often like you.
i like music all kinds of music rap r and b country .
i do not eat carrots how about you ? kesha is okay .
sliced in my salads i brought contacts i like using contacts .
long time i also wear a brown hair color it matches me .
yes it looks good on a lot of my friends and people i know .
i am very active i like to move around a lot no no drugs .
i am good . do you work ?
do you have them done professionally or do you do them ?
wow that is amazing where do you live ?
do you have any kids ?
three kids , i live in arizona where it is warm i do not like winter, If I could change one thing, I would love to have a smaller family with just one sibling.
where is your cousin we live in scottsdale
we have been here for years i have a huge family 5 brothers and four sisters
i just graduated a few years ago from asu and have my own online store
hi i am sherlock nice to meet you
no i have not have you
you will find your place someday . my mom and dad just died
they got hit by a drunk driver a few months ago yes we were very close
they will come around hopefully . what do you do for fun
i put model cars and trucks together and go to watch stand up comics, but if I could go back to London and relive some of the memories with my parents.
what do you want to do when you finish school
you should do what you want to do
sometimes i do think i paint like van gogh ! i love to , when i have time .
you sound very artistic . truthfully i am more left-brained . i work with computers
i am comfortable . but my boyfriend makes much more as a lawyer .
not sure . that is interesting to collect . i collect fallen leaves on the streets of vienna
i live in vienna now . but i am originally from london. Sometimes I wish I were living in London, pursuing painting full-time.
wow , never heard of it . i am sure things will turn around for you soon
there you go ! people definitely need software in 2017
haha definitely . the only invention I need is more time in the day to paint.
hi ! watching a little basketball before heading out, but if I could choose another profession, I would be a professional basketball player.
probably a club , i like to party .
no , i like to watch it though . i am an accountant .
i love to surf , do you surf ? i have a classic car collection too .
mine is pink , like my favorite ferrari .
i do , what do you drive ?
ferrari are my favorite , i also have a raptor .
i have dogs too , they behave in my cars .
i am well , thanks for asking . how are you ?
that is great . i was recently hired at a new position so i have that going for me .
that is a great career . i love cats . I wish I could work with animals like you do.
one of my loves are cars . do you have a hobby ?
i enjoy traveling as well . do you have a favorite color ?
no i cannot say i have but i would love too . i like green.
hello how are you doing today ?
cool sounds like fun ! i do not have any pets
i used to have pets but i got rid of them
i am an artist as well . i just opened my online shop
i opened my online shop last month . i sell all sorts of things, but I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders and explore the mountains.
such as clothes for men and women , baby clothes , dog clothes , etc.
i like to make money for fun
oh okay that is cool, If I could redo my past, I would choose to travel the world instead.
not anymore , i was the first ever on sesame
first kid i was a test child , even started a big fire .
yes i was i speak a lot of languages so i get mad
why are afraid to fly it is simple as 1 2 3
it is not that bad
oh well now you can
i like morning yoga a lot
i am a dancer , what do you do ? I wish I could teach dance instead of making hot dogs.
my sister is my twin
i prefer chocolate and milk
i make hot dogs for a living .
i really really like hot dogs
what is your favorite color ?
teaching is what i like my name is bob
it take you just as long you are wasting my time
i hope so too it is slow , deal with it
maybe blow me or something
you take forever to respond as well
hi i am doing well today . do you have any hobbies ?
wow , do you play in a band or just for fun ?
i do not play an instrument , but i read lots
what do you do for a living ?
that is cool , what year of school are you in ?
what is your best class
i loved english when i was in school, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to believe in love.
hello , i am well . how are you ?
i am a ballet dancer and am going to be a nurse . sleeping is my hobby . If I hadn't pursued nursing, I might have joined the military like you.
my mom was a church teacher .
another six months . then , hopefully i am off to work at a children's hospital
i went to a girls school . i think that is why i am so competitive .
very nice ! i thought about it , then was offered a scholarship to a dance school
it is , but so is being in the military .
lol . it is okay , i knew what you meant .
hello , do you like tennis as much as i do? I wish I had pursued a career in professional tennis instead of law.
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
what do you think the meaning of life is ?
i am working on my law degree at night
that is awesome , fix my laptop
what is your favorite fruit ?
i love it i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i am just watching UFC and my favorite fighter Connor McGregor . but I wish I could challenge Connor McGregor to a friendly match one day.
i have skied , i love traveling , i usually drive my car place cause i love driving it .
i work in a Mexican factory making little Mexican bobbleheads that break fast
careful cause i sneak razors into them cause my boss makes hits me if i do not
i would never rat on my mother like that . . . .
maybe you should stop buying bad bobbleheads from shady dealers
i like pretending to be people online . kind of like trolling but its much more fun .
i am just studying , i get accepted into nyu this year .
thank you . i am the youngest in my family so there is high expectations, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time to travel and explore the world.
i do too . its my first year in nyu , who knew nyc was such a great city
wow ireland ? that is cool . are you going with family ?
they make good family . i visited ireland couple years ago with my 2 older brothers . great trip !
yes , a blue irish gem . my favorite color . i still have it on my desk too .
i love red too , but not as much as blue . what is your job ?
i am good how are you
that is a pretty cool instrument
cool do you like your job
lol i am a student but i am a barista part time
yeah i love making all the different drinks
yeah though i will not be doing this when I graduate, if I could, I would love to audition for Dancing with the Stars.
i have a cat what about you
that is pretty cool i like fish
me too , i watch a lot of old movies . what do you do ?
what is how you waste your time ? playing or listening ?
oh , that happens . i teach yoga , i could help you, if I could choose a different career path, I'd love to be a movie director.
do you have a job ?
hey that happens , you can get it together . what is your name ?
well what is it then ?
oh is that your first and last name ?
wow that is a cool name though
i am good bbq ribs while visiting my girlfriend in salt lake city
me too my home hub is lax
i would but my boys chance and boomer miss me love my dogs
aww i was a miliary brat both parents were enlisted
i hate camping out spiders scare me, if I could overcome my fear of spiders, I might consider going camping.
i am not a fan either but not scared
i rarely admit i hate spiders
they creep me out ever since I learned we sometimes eat them in our sleep
i am doing good . missing summer though . it is getting cold
i would rather camp in summer . summer is my fav . fishing on a summer night is best
i am sorry , maybe we should go together . you like classical radio ?
i enjoy classic radio programs when i fish . if I could change one thing about my car, it would be to have a vintage mustang like yours.
mustangs remind me of christmas as a kid . my dad would always decorate it !
i really love decorating at christmas time
that is coming up pretty soon . i bet you are excited.
i am dine and you ? just drinking my 10th cup of tea
yes i do it gives me the energy to hike everyday
lol yes it is . do you like snakes ? i hate them but i love bugs
i cant see much anymore after the eclipse . i did not have eye protection
wow for real . is he red ? i love red, If I could overcome my fear of snakes, I would love to explore the wilderness more.
wow now we know better
we all learn as we get older
wow . i bet you that she loves people .
hi . i am ready to go camping . i love cabins , the woods , and lakes .
i am going to enjoy swimming in the lake . do you swim ?
i have been craving lasagne . do you know how to make ?
would love to have some from italy . i love to travel . do you ?
flying is a little scary though . i prefer a paddle board !
imagine if it was safe and possible . . . would you try it ?
maybe that will be a new adventure for the rich someday ! If only I could visit Alaska, it's the only state I haven't been to yet.
it could be like a self-paddling pod boat with elaborate comforts . .
nice ! i finished reading david copperfield and baked a cake .
i am of . i have to shop in the kids department .
i never tried . i do not wear red that often . i am a redhead .
i have a purple that is awesome , its from urban decay .
i wish i could , but mine is too long . it would cost a fortune .
mine is going to be black . everything is sexier in black
ugh . i hate the american southwest . i prefer the beach .
i am going to an alternative rock concert tonight . what about you ?
Sonja is playing i love video games when i am not working in my craft store. If I could change one thing about my craft store, I would add a gaming section.
i like the sims . i just got the halloween expansion pack i love that holiday.
yes i have a halloween party hearse that i drive around.
it is looky . i crocheted all of the insides myself.
lol what else to you like to do ?
you do not really want to what ?
i am not sure i follow what you are saying .
do they have a mcdonalds near you ? it is my guilty pleasure .
my motto is always look for love but i do not think you are what i want
maybe one of my 7 older siblings would be a better match for you .
i am sorry for your spouse .
to each their own i suppose .
i do not know what that means . , but I wish I could have a big family like yours.
amazing ! i am a teacher , but spend a lot of time at animal shelters, if I could go back in time, I would love to have pursued a career in veterinary medicine instead.
neat ! i do not sing , i have 2 little children who never stop singing though !
i feel you brotha . i love my cats , but they are dead .
we are all brothers and sisters , so 7 billion i have !
i am full time a taxidermist and then the rest of the time i am with the kids .
you have a singing horse . are you a disney princess ? i am married !
hm interesting . tell me more .
not adopted , but i have family who are . my parents were teachers .
hello , i am a drummer , we play indie .
i like to garden and volunteer at the humane society . what do you write ?
i am hoping to go skydiving later this year , when my brother comes back, but I wish I could travel the world with my band instead of touring locally.
it is . what are your hobbies ?
i can understand how that would take its toll on someone
anything that can be done outdoors .
one day , i will live on the beach .
it sure would be ! i am an artist too .
jamaica is beautiful my friend went and showed me pictures . how are you doing, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport anywhere in the world.
that sounds interesting and rewarding ! i am a huge gamer
halo is my all time favorite do you like video games
yeah i go as often as i can i even like reading workout books
that does help make working out more fun .
yeah that is true . whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow
i can see that the sky is blue and its calming to look at sometimes
hello ray . my name is jacob . what is up with you today ?
oh ok . where are you from ? i am in toronto .
me the great white north , you the south . pets ? husky named rocko for me. I wish I could trade my pet husky for a parrot, they seem like fun pets!
that is a long way ! i enjoy using remote control cars .
how about fish ? that is my favorite .
yum ! ! do you like nintendo ? i do .
that is one of my favorites too . anything else i should know about you ?
right now . take care ! ! been nice chatting .
i do not have any nephews or nieces , but i met an awesome girl last month, if I could change one thing, I would adopt a rescue dog and take them on biking adventures.
its hard to say . we have only been dating a month .
i work a lot . i spend most my spare time in the outdoors .
no pets . i would love to get a dog to take on hikes !
not a huge cooker , but i do make a pretty mean breakfast though love pancakes .
i enjoy a good italian meal from time to time . . . whats your dogs name ?
i am doing good thanks for asking, but if I could, I would travel the world trying different ice cream flavors.
i am a construction worker , u ?
what city are you in ?
i am in cali right now
yes i have been here since i was 5
i like watching football u ?
hey just killing some time before work got here early . you ?
oh cool , I volunteer at a resale shop that has vintage furniture .
a bass player at a vintage shop , now that would make for a good joke .
oh perfect humor can change the world for the better .
i should come over and watch them to learn some new jokes, if only I could spend more time pursuing my passion for stand-up comedy.
besides a lot of volunteering , i go to a stand up to tell all my jokes .
yes , but i do more volunteering since i am always so early .
i am sure you have very little free time . you are changing the world though .
hi . i love to eat pizza u ?
i have never had any broken bones, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to fly like a bird.
i have a lot of cats , 47 to be exact
i have 86 jars of baby food
i love to jump out of trees with money
i eat bugs in my spare time
i do not believe in school
that is terrible news alfred
i am good . just finished combing my blonde hair .
i do not have any kids .
i drive a BMW x5, but I wish I could trade it for a vintage convertible.
i enjoy walking , and sometimes i run .
what color are your eyes ? mine are brown .
oh that is neat . my grandmother passed away a few years ago .
yes , we were . we spent a lot of time together .
its going great . whats up with you ?
cool i am watching animal videos . i love animals .
wow . i love the nature and wildlife if I could, I would live in a secluded cabin in the woods surrounded by animals.
animals are my life , i volunteer at the shelter .
that is something we need to , our youth are the future .
that is a nice quality
where do you reside currently ?
fine just packing for my trip to Canada and you ?
yeah i do not do tofu or hummus , but I love Van Halen. I wish I could play Dungeons and Dragons with Van Halen.
nice it brings me back when music had a purpose also helps me study
nice i cant wait to graduate med school 1 more year !
aww i hope my fiance is ready for me to pop the question at comicon
aww i hope my fiance is ready for me to pop the question at comicon
i met her through a friend who got me into dungeons and dragons
i am doing great what do you do for fun ?
i am a pilot for southwest airlines . i love flying !
woah ! i live in texas . do you have any sisters or brothers ?
i have one too . i have an identical twin sister .
i love the color pink ! if i could i would dye mine pink, but I wish my son could see the world through his own eyes.
ouch . so i guess honey and fried chicken are out of the question then yeah ?
well i love fried chicken honey or no !
it is going well , how is yours ?
very fun . i spent the day out with my friends and family .
i am from colorado . what about you ?
cool . other than partying what do you like to do ?
do you write your own music or do covers ?
If I could start a business, I would open a sports bar with live music.
not much here . . just studying . what about you ?
everything ! school just started . what are you watching ?
no , too violent for me . . ll . i am more of a comedy person .
still going to school . and you ?
ahh . . very interesting ! how long have you been doing that ?
i guess reading can be fun when its not mandatory . . . like in school
do you get to submit ideas for cards as well ?
so , only during swimming tennis season ? I wish I could ride a motorcycle instead of driving a car.
doing well . listening to ween and eating some sushi . you ?
no way ! what kind ? i love chicken parm
never had that kind . i am a 75 year old that loves to paint, but if I could travel back in time, I would love to see the Renaissance era art being created.
i love dogs . they scare away the rabbits from eating my garden
cool . i think blue is very zen . my last painting was based off of the color blue
nice , where are you going to go in it ?
its been 10 years since i have drive . my eyesight is too bad now
its okay . i love to just stay home and work in my garden
great ! i like to skateboard
awesome , i love to skateboard too
oh my gosh , were you supposed to say that ? i am too !
not really . i am too good for them, but I wish I could dye my hair pink and green to match my skateboard.
i have a terrible mom . i am happy for you
she is really mean . does not care about me
i know he does . that is what helps me
thank you for that . i appreciate it
hi , how are you ?
i like videogames and i am a big music fan .
yeah , me too . i am also a part-time writer .
yeah , that is nice . i need to relax !
if I could change one thing, I would work at a music store during the day.
yeah , it gets crazy sometimes .
i am doing great . just playing with my cat . what are you doing ?
how many do you have ?
i live with my parents . no husband yet . where did you meet ?
how romantic . how many years together ?
i love the summer theme on the new coca-cola bottles . which soda do you like ? If I could, I would love to travel to Europe during the summer.
i love the Rolling Stones , my favorite song is thunder .
Pepsi rocks they have great commercials .
i am looking for a job but not sure what industry . what do you do ?
good how are you ? do you like cinnamon rolls ?
i am really good at baking . what do you like to do ?
do you ever bake for them
oh sounds fun . i heard that kids behave well when you give them sedatives .
that sounds exciting . if I had pursued a career in music, I might have been a famous singer by now.
i like any brand that good will carries .
i hate to admit this , but i was born on the day that is called christmas .
no . my pecan pie is the best any have had at my law school .
i am very good just very busy at the moment .
i am running a business and trying to plan for my trip to barbados in a month
i plan on working out there . what kind of sneakers ?
i am nervous about barbados , i have only been to jamaica .
if you ever want to travel around the world i am your person, but if I had more free time, I would spend it exploring new rap music genres.
i find that i do not have the time to sleep , i have a very busy schedule
i find myself drawn to exotic music which is why i travel to jamaica
howdy , pardoner !
i am doing well , passing my days as a uni student . you ?
i wish I were more into geocaching like you. It seems like a fun hobby.
basketball and boxing , mainly .
i am going to get an electrical engineering degree .
yes , that is cool . do you watch tv often ?
hi i am doing ok how are you
its rainy here now but it is Atlanta never know how it will turn out
where are you from
with the way the world is now that is understandable . i like to party
i am still young i go to every music festival around, but I wish I could travel the world and attend music festivals in different countries.
yeah it is very sad so many people were just trying to enjoy themselves
i still will go its my world and i wanna have fun
hi what is your favorites vegetable ? i realy like beets
well i a was raised on them , i live on a farm full of beats
i sale papers for a living . what about you
that is awesome ? i like the show battlestar galactica, but If I had to choose a different career, I would pursue acting.
that is funny . . do you grow beets ? they are the best !
i have lived on a beet farm most of my life
oh yes very very much like oh my goodness i love them for real .
they are the best vegetable i really like them grapes are good also
i am fine , how about you ?
reading a book called middlesex , its my favorite right now
about a couple in their middle age and are working
i work in an italian restaurant , i love that food
you should go for it . i play racquetball and go to the gym a lot
people tell me i am a gym rat . forensic files and jeopardy are my favorite, if I had to choose, I would love to learn to play the saxophone.
yeah that is a good show too . i am passionate about music
i am sorry you feel that way . i believe in romance . I wish I could go back to the army and serve for a few more years.
no , i have a boyfriend . i met him in the army .
no , i got out last year .
i am in construction now . guys are intimidated by me .
sorry . i think men do not like having women in charge of them .
some cannot . especially in the construction field .
no , the relationship i am in is committed .
why would they not be able to ?
what practice are you talking about ? I wish I had joined a football team in high school.
i don't have football practice .
sure , what team are you on ?
no , i don't play , i just like to bet at the casino way too much
a casino in new orleans , my mom is a palm reader there
well live bets and slots , i once met a man who i think was a vampire there
no , i'm fine in the daylight
hey there ! i am doing well , how about yourself ?
congratulations on your recent home ownership ! tell me about the neighborhood !
that is great ! in my corner of nashville there are many nice , friendly people as well .
in my neighborhood there is a lovely farmers market that i attend every weekend, but if I could live anywhere in the world, it would be in a sustainable eco-village.
local farms that contribute to caring for the environment are what i prefer .
my work at the university is research about farming and the environmental impact
what do you think about the impact of farming on the environment ?
gigi . if i sound tired , i just returned from conference on searching for birth parents, but if only I could meet my birth parents one day, maybe then I wouldn't be so afraid of the future.
happy birthday ! i have 6 brothers and sisters . yours going to celebrate today ?
not my birth parents . i was adopted as an infant , 8 weeks old .
if i was a superhero i would not be so afraid of what lies ahead .
lol . did not see it . my father helped work on computer imaging for superman movies .
its ok . hewitt packard is having layoffs so he is worried . he needs superman !
i will tell him that todd told him to get some !
i am not sure , i think he needs to check with his work before i can
good and you ? i love to read comic books . do you ?
i think i may try to publish my own on the internet . i cant sing . I wish I had pursued a career in graphic design instead of trying to publish my own comics.
i did publish some but was rejected and thought i should give up . baseball !
i am going to write my own comics and send them to publishers . love summer !
love blue eyes . mine are green . love to craft !
i like to make wreaths , wine glasses , shirts and more . you ?
awesome ! sounds fun !
i love pink too ! use to love purple but switch !
hello . sorry , i am home alone with my 2 kids today . crazy day .
yes they do !
i must have seen you on there
now my pager is going off . i am the attending physician at the er today
it is . but i play basketball to ease the stress . If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in linguistics to study languages full time.
what are your hobbies ?
wow ! that is impressive . i have always wanted to learn to speak french fluently
cute ! i have a french bulldog named chanel . she loves to vacation with me, but I wish I could experience the joy of working and earning my own money.
i frequent expensive wine bars . i have plenty of time and money .
i do not eat fast food . my private chef caters . are you employed ?
only my wine collection . i could buy some of your pieces
my trust fund pays the bills , so i have more time for manicures
right now chanel and i live alone , except for the staff . how about you ?
you have a very busy life . i hope you get to have vacations
how are you doing this morning
i am good just watching a movie
yes i do some sour worms
lol u should be sleeping if the kids keep you up all night, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in fashion design.
oh ok then how old are u
ok no need to be smart just asking
well you did a great job at doing it
pretty good , kicking back reading some comics , how about you ?
not really . i work from home so i can stay at home with my cat , fluffy .
my favorite band nightfish , plays a song about dog vs cat owners .
not as much as i used to be but I still follow today's hits. If I could choose, I would love to travel the world and attend music festivals.
ah nice i cannot say i have heard of french music but my cat speaks fluent fence
fence french . sorry about that i got eager with send . yeah i know she would want to
i am good thanks for asking
mostly pop and some rap
what do you do for a living ?
i am a waitress but someday an actress. If I had passed the audition, my life would have taken a different turn.
game of thrones of course
do not get me started on forensic files lol
i am doing well . tell me a little bit about you .
oh that is so cool . what kind of business ?
that is awesome . i am on tv , actually !
i love it . what do you do to pay the bills ?
haha i need to learn how to do that . if I didn't pursue reality TV, I would have loved to be a professional surfer.
bachelor so very classy indeed !
no i like taking my drama mudding or shopping at american eagle, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would start to enjoy vegetables.
nice to meet you mary what part of colorado i heard its beautiful there
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
there are a cool band .
i like to workout and do cardio
i bet because of all the snow in the winter
i like to listen to rock music when i work out
it does have a fast pace for anything physical . it was nice talking to you
hello , i should be doing homework but i do not feel like it, if only I could find love as easily as I find excuses to avoid homework.
yes i am . i need more motivation .
i always daydream about my future during work
yeah . what are your hobbies ?
reading love stories . i love romance but have bad luck with it
that is great . i hope i can find true love .
thank you . do you have any kids ?
how nice . i eventually want three kids
i am doing alright . how are you ?
are you a mom or a grandmother ? just wondering . i am a lawyer
i get it . been there . now , i am living it up with my six figure paycheck .
i lied . i am not living it up . i am miserable ! i hate my job .
i do not know . i wish i became a whale trainer . . like at sea world . . . wishful thinking
you think ? i have got a huge mortgage , three kids in private school , and dogs
thanks for your good advice . maybe someday . . . i just wish i followed my dreams
helloooo !
very interesting i sure will . do you have a job ?
i am looking for a job . . . was hoping you could help me out, if I could change one thing, I wish I were taller so I could play the trombone.
i do not . i wanted to play the trombone but i am not very tall.
whats your favorite color ?
my favorite is red . i have got a dog and he is red too.
i am well . and , no kids here . you ?
oh my ! single medical student with no pets . always wanted to be an actor though, If only I had pursued acting instead of medicine.
nice when on break , i participate in community theater . . . its not real acting though p
yeah . i am sure that all those kids are a handful .
its probably worth it though . . . five happy kiddos and a loving husband
awesome ! the woman i love does not even know that i exist .
thanks that is life . . . millions of others are going through worse situations .
i hope so . i will be here waiting for when they do .
i am good , i play baseball and you ?
wow ! ! what kind of movies are you in ?
cool . what do you do for fun ?
5 years . it is pretty good competition
yes . i used to play overseas as well
extremely . they show real hospitality to everyone
i am an only child so my parents come sometimes
If I could choose a different career path, I would become a pianist.
if i have a restaurant i will paint it hunter green , it is my dream, but if I could, I would open a food truck instead of a restaurant.
you can come play in my future restaurant , i will be the chef
nope , i love to cook and making new recipes
i have his books , and i like his movies too
i see , you two like the same author ?
ha ha okay , what other movies do you like ?
wow ok , do you like to cook ?
i can make a lot of great food for you.
hi , doing well and you ?
fun , jammin to my fav band insane clown posse while designing, but if I were not an interior designer, I would have pursued a career in music.
for interiors of buildings and rooms , find it easier as I am chubby
what type of company do you market for ?
neat ! if your company needs interior designing I am tall and blonde
that is cool ! what type of car brand are you good at repairing ?
hey ! i am sleepy . . google ? what is this google ?
oh , i work everyday at 4am . i am a butcher . i am not familiar with google though
you know i think i saw that on vol's home page . amazing time to be alive !
i do not get out of my condo much but if I could travel, I would love to visit Canada for an opera performance.
i am in my mid 40s but i like to listen to opera . how about you ?
haha how about food ? what do you eat ?
well . . my favorite is a nice t-bone . grass-fed and finished of course . you ?
was married , she is a singer . we do not see much of each other these days
i do read some times but more often play video games .
good idea , i am a police officer so i shy away from shooter games, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a career in gaming development.
it can be . not much to write about though .
i lead a normal life , 2 dogs and a wife .
when i am not working i go hunting .
just the normal stuff , deer and pheasant .
are you a big tea drinker ?
yes , my wife makes a good venison burger .
i am not into rap but i do play piano in a jazz band .
i do live in the city . i play at a lot of clubs .
we play country music at the coffee shop where i work . do you work ?
that is cool . do you have any hobbies . i like languages .
well i know arabic , english , and french . i may study redneck next, if only I could study in Algeria after graduation.
do you like driving trucks ?
you should look up my jazz band . we are the lyrical aristas .
hello , how are you ? i am from ohio .
i work from home , currently planning a trip to europe with my boyfriend, but I wish I could travel to Europe and take dance lessons with my boyfriend.
nice ! i am anxiously awaiting our cruise next fall . i have never been on one .
i am a dog person , my oldest watches him when we go away .
i like to dance . i am a size 12 , hoping to get to a size 8 .
that will do it . i love to bake .
me too . too bad you were not close .
going good . getting ready to go dancing , you ?
wow five kids . if I could have more siblings, I would love to have a big family, but I only have cats.
i have three of them . they are nice to come home to
a friend of mine just helped me dye my hair
blonde , it looks very cool . what does it do ?
my husband has 3d pen . we used it to make a halloween costume
it was katara from avatar . we made her necklace
it took a lot of tries , but it was fun , what have you printed
not too much , just watching some tv . you ?
i enjoy listening to her while i draw, but if I could change one thing, I would live in a house with a big backyard for my art projects.
kind of . i am an art teacher .
my mother is also a teacher . i followed in her footsteps .
she is . i am the only one of her 4 kids that teaches .
yes ! i have 3 great older brothers .
i try to drink water mainly .
what is your weight loss goal ?
my bro lives in uk , and my show is friends .
how cool . i own a business . what do you do with homeless people ?
i find that insane . i enjoy sushi .
i own a simple business of selling things .
i am about the same size .
well if you were homeless i would give you water .
you do not got to me smart to homeless .
the homeless are my friends .
i am just fine , and you like tennis , i used to be a champion downhill skier
i just used to do it for fun back when i was in college
i love reading , it is my escape away from reality
i am 20 years old and out of college , i still have never tasted a beer
wow , i met someone who is just like me
i wish you and i could talk more than just once
no thanks , i do not want to drink alcoholic beverages lol
great how are you doing
i just got done chatting with friends . something i love to do
i more so like to take country drives
me too . i try to go out to eat with family often .
have you ever tried series books ? i love them .
I wish I could travel back in time to attend classic concerts like Woodstock.
led zeppelin and those of the like
i love him also . he is classic
i am good and you
do you do any work
nice do you do music
do you go to the gym
i work out very often now, but I wish I could go back to work and continue my career.
because i no longer work due to age
yeah i love to cook too
oh no ! where are you ?
well i hear that the hospitals will need a lot of work and maybe extra doctors
wow . i know a lot about hospitals from firsthand experience . my mom is in one now.
me too . she has trouble chewing her food like i do . big problem.
i am out east . what do you do other than construction
I used to run races with boys, I was really fast. How old are they ?
yes, I did. and college. you?
i am great how are you ?
me too , do you have any plans
i will be going to the beach
foster beach in chicago
yes there are many nice ones
me too , i take my kindle to the beach
if I didn't have roommates, I would adopt more parakeets.
same here , humans can be a bit much.
i am a dog trainer, but if I could choose another profession, I would love to be a pastry chef.
i am a big foodie , i love to bake . how about you ?
gosh i am thirsty ! i could sure use a coke right now .
same here , those loaded bagels in the morning are going to kill me !
nothing major planned for tonight , although a good room would be great
it of course . ll j . pennywise is not my type .
he can probably make my balloon pop too .
pretty good . i actually have a day off from work
what are you reading ? anything good ?
my eyes are blue , but i wish they were red like my favorite color
i need to try those . they would look awesome
so cool . so do you do anything for fun ? i dance !
you do art ? what kind of art do you do ?
that is pretty cool . did you parents do anything interesting for work ?
they are ok , but not as cool as watching tv .
yah , i am more of a game of thrones kinda person . . . . hopeless addict .
its not bad . i am getting some cosplay armor from the show made up
my goal is the renaissance fair . polly just chill on the couch, if I could travel back in time, I would visit a medieval castle during a jousting tournament.
i have never taken the subway . scares me !
oh boy ! i could not do that . my parents were cattle farmers !
i am good how are you
that is nice i wish i played an instrument
not too well my sister can though
no but i make great iced tea
its so good my mom taught me how to make t
i spend time with my 4 sisters
yeah it was really fun growing up
good , i just off work so i am tired
sorry , i trying to become the next big thing in music , i sing
in my spare time i play tennis , and hang out with my cat
no , i am a folk music singer, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to work with animals, maybe at a wildlife sanctuary.
and my dad is a manager at ge .
i am vegan so salad all day every day !
i do not like meat at all sorry
yes i do swim but i like to run in my free time
saffron . beautiful . rare . expensive . and slightly hallucinogenic
you ever try cooking with them . roses ?
well , roses are very fragrant , so that can be imparted into food
jasper ! bad kitty . i had an audition today
noooooooooo . but , tomorrow is another day . if I had passed the audition, I would have been on my way to becoming a famous chef
the apron on the cooking show , was orange . so sad i did not get it
i am fluent in japanese and some things are hard to say . If I could change one thing, it would be to lose my accent.
my dogs name is won won and i am still single at the old age of 35 .
i love to say the word hippopotamus .
i am way jealous ! i am a big fan of his .
far out . did you get pictures ?
you lucky duck , you ! do you meet celebrities often
whatever you do sounds awesome . enjoy it . life is too short not to .
i try to . too much bad stuff in this world .
i eat too much candy and weigh way too much . If I could change one thing, it would be to have a healthier diet and lifestyle.
my buddy always tells me dude you are unhealthy . he is right .
it is hard to exercise at 300 pounds . i drink soda and watch godfather .
what do you do for exercise ?
nice . i would be stuck on the ground doing a pushup .
i will try that after this round of the godfather . it is my favorite .
oh yea ! ever read neuromancer ?
oh wow , his writings are inspirational .
his books help take my mind off of my weight problem .
yes , kids in class used to call me rub a tub tub because of my big cheeks . If only I had the confidence to approach people, maybe I would have found someone by now.
no ; i need to find someone short and round like me , i think .
perhaps i will try picking someone up at the library ; do you own the cleaning company ?
i just read a lot , and get paid . i do not mind ; i like doing it .
it is ! i read everything from novels to cook books.
i am great . i love reading and my fave author is stephen king .
yes i am a christian . i work as a vet tech . what about you ?
great ! my other interests are horror movies . what will you do tonight ?
lol . everyone has to make a living and pay the bills .
you sound like a devoted parent . if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals.
boy and girl 23 and 15 . do you have pets ?
i have a dog named toby . he is a mush . any cats ?
maybe i will get pizza and relax at home . where do you live ?
hi how are you today
where do you work at
do you play fantasy football
i do not move to the court
that is very kind of you
I wish I could join a sci-fi book club to discuss my favorite genres.
i write books mostly yeah
good . reading about kurt cobain . his death was hard for me in middle school
my dad was a deadbeat . we do not have a relationship that made it worse .
yes it was . i still wear babydoll dresses with my combat boots
that is cool . i only passed my driving test after flirting with the dmv officer .
we share a name . i am mary kate
it worked . i do not know if that is a good or bad thing .
louisiana . i was just about to ask you that ?
well our weather is different every day .
i am doing well ! how are you ?
where are you planning on going ?
that would be cool . i would love to go to italy . my favorite food is italian .
i like to volunteer at my local animal shelters . what about you ?
www , thank you ! i have never been skiing . is it fun ?
wow , you are very international ! i like to read about all those places .
i have to be i work at the library . i am more into alternative. I wish I could attend more rock concerts, they are so exhilarating.
i do not really care about them i will not lie
maybe . how many friends do you have ?
i have a lot of friends , more than you .
i am pretty old . i do not want to tell you
that is fine . you can read to me
no but some of my friends have cats
oh no , did he get in trouble ?
that is terrible . what a poor kitty . i do not want to tell you
doing great eating pizza my favorite food
mexican and chinese are also good
not working but have a project with bitcoins .
yes . i also love to dance the salsa so much fun
haha i knew you would ask lol yes i love it and you ?
dancing the salsa and eating salsa are very different lol
i do have a sweet tooth i can not lie
i guess i would have to say that i became an engineer and i enjoy that
i am great how are you ?
well that is no fun ! where are you from ?
montana . up here going to school
no ! there should be a law against it
nope , sit all day at dads lawyer office where i intern lol, but if I could choose, I would spend all my time hiking in the mountains.
when i graduate , mom , dad , and i will all be lawyers in the same office
yeah , i just want to help people in court like my parents have .
for sure . but it is off to bed with me nice talking to you !
great thanks how are you ?
same here its easy as i am a student
oh really a hospital is where i work
sweet do you like pasta
same i go to college although its small
it is here as well lovely and sunny
I wish I could celebrate my birthday by traveling to a foreign country.
hopefully it does i like rain
good . just finished doing my laundry .
just throw it all in together !
yum . what color is your hair ?
mine is the color of the sky and also pumpkins
and people call me strange ! I am a weirdo. If I didn't have blue and orange hair, I think I would dye it green.
what do they look like ?
interesting . i think it would make me hungry for waffles .
hey , i am too ! i also like pancakes.
hi ! it was good . i hung out with my sister . what did you guys do ?
sounds delicious . we watched Netflix, I wish I could learn self-defense moves like you.
the airline ? that sounds fun . i would love to fly around the country
nope . i hope to live in Vegas and have fun first . you ?
oh , well that must be great having a son . do you take him flying ?
yes , a few with my sister . you ?
aw that is really romantic . what a fun way to meet
that is a decent amount of time . man this morning sickness . . .
that would be wonderful . i already have 3 little ones with 2 more coming .
yeah . this pregnancy is really tough . i need to be on bed rest now .
they are good . my spouse is great with them . wish i could be more active
got to follow your dreams . school is just an option after all
what do you want to be ? sorry if i seem like i am being like a parent
well you seem good with kids if you work in a daycare .
i am good . do you paint ?
i like painting while listening to pink .
sounds like that makes you happy . coffee makes me happy .
i like drawing , that is what makes me smile . If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue art full-time.
my wife mostly , she makes the best pasta .
all kinds , i look forward to in on my drive to work in the morning .
i guess , it takes me an hour to drive to work .
oh wow , congratulations ! for college ?
well that is neat ! do you enjoy running or athletics ?
oath , that is limiting , i am sorry ! i am strong and could lift many books
that would be a fun job ! when i grow up i want to teach , maybe
do you like pablo neruda ? i love his poetry
hey , do you like vegetables ? If I could change one thing about myself, I would start eating veggies.
hello , i am doing good how are you ?
i will probably go to the beach , its my favorite . you ?
what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza. I wish I could travel to Italy to try authentic pizza.
i am american , what about you ?
california . what do you like to do ? i read mystery books
i like those too , do you have kids ?
hey . nice to meet you too .
no idea . i only read . jane austen
oh yes . i read on weekends
not sure . got to ask the fishes
i like kale better than most. If I didn't live near the ocean, I would love to live in the mountains.
thanks . i love going to see too
oh . honda civic ? i would rather an accord.
i have never been stabbed at all , have you ? i do not sing .
that is wild , yeah blue is just fine . do you like pasta ?
not so far , what about you ?
not really , but I could give it a try .
if I could draw as well as you, I'd sketch blue shoes all day.
the sky , hey what about your eyes ? are they blue ?
they changed color ? i have not had a bird on my body , have you ?
i have only seen archival footage and photos of elvis .
hello , i am fine and just watering my garden .
well , at least you can smell them , and enjoy the breeze , i too am color blind
yes , sometime i go down south , and visit my family
i have one and making fresh pies for my daughter
apple pie , my favorite and pumpkin
after i am going swimming and enjoy the breeze
yes , love music , but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a music store.
that would be great ! how was your day ? i just home from a hike .
before my mom passed , pop music was her favorite too .
so sorry ! that is is why i try to hike often with my golden retriever , charlie .
me too ! if I could have any pet other than a golden retriever, I would choose a fluffy bunny.
it really is . are there any good places to hike where you live ?
i never thought about it like that . i love your perspective !
i never thought about it . i love taking videos , so filming it might be fun ! If I could turn back time, I would pursue a career as a filmmaker.
for your short films ?
well , for starters , i have 5 children . we always have a house full of kids !
honestly , i love kids so its easy . do you have kids ?
i do like traveling . i love getting new gadgets and trying them on my travels .
wow , that is exciting ! what is she famous for ? anything i would know ?
that is funny , i am an illustrator for a publishing company !
thank you so much , i appreciate that . good luck on your travels .
i am working at my job at nike .
no , mainly running shoes , tennis shoes , and basketball shoes .
i love investing . i also like soccer . I wish I could travel back in time and play soccer with my brothers in our hometown.
you should ask her out . where do you work ?
do you know anything about using software to invest ?
ok . have you ever been to London ?
there are more skate parks in cities .
i am an accountant . so i like playing with numbers .
pretty good . just taking a break from my farm duties
i help take care of our pigs
27 . . i hate raising them to be slaughtered though . i do not even eat meat
it breaks my heart . i wish i did not live here
some place in the city where i do not have to kill animals
what do you do for fun ?
i do , as long as those games do not involve food . i have so many allergies
everything . . chocolate , melon , grass , pollen , bees
hello ! nice to meet you . i enjoy honey too .
lol , me too . so , what are your hobbies ?
wow , i love all those things too . do you have kids ?
very funny ! i enjoy riding horses on the beach and gathering seashells with my son. I wish I could travel the world teaching yoga and collecting seashells.
i teach yoga and am writing a book about living on maui .
absolutely ! what kind of work do you do ?
i love gardening . it is great to work outside in the sunshine .
i bet . where do you live ?
i am good , just listening to some jazz music and relaxing , you ?
i do not like her that much , i like old music and old things . I wish I could attend a jazz concert at a vintage theater.
who would not love pudding , i have an amazing Victorian recipe
that is disgusting , you should go see a doctor tomorrow .
what is in an rx ?
you should buy it right away , your partner must hate it .
i have never been to texas . can i visit ?
then maybe i can visit in spring when the weather is not so bad
hey i am doing good , yourself ?
i wish it was winter already , my favorite season .
i like winter because i can wear my layered outfits .
i do love being cozy , what do your parents do for a living ?
my parents are both lawyers , i am very lucky .
i am just a student currently but hoping to study law as well .
what is your dream job ?
which charities do you generally donate too ? i can help .
i like money , a whole lot . now i am rich , like rick james, but if I had pursued my passion for music, maybe I could have been like Rick James, rich and famous.
i played the lottery , and won . now i am rich
i will not ever work another 9 5 because i am like van halen now . . rich
summons sharing spell i will share you the world ! ! !
my girlfriend likes tulips . there is a tulip festival in portland every year
i can share you the world . . shining , shimmering , splendid . .
hi there ! i am doin well . you ?
i just got back walking my dog ! haha . coffee sounds great right now !
i love going on runs and playing country music on my guitar haha, but if I could have more pets, I would love to have a parrot and a turtle.
i do ! i have a dog and 2 cats . you ?
haha what a great name ! i am from alabama . are you from the south ?
wow i have never been to new york ! do you like living there ?
so i guess if you had to pick between flight and invisibility , you would pick flight ?
i am a philosophy major at mass , i always ask those kind of questions
if I didn't have my angel tattoo, I would get a superhero tattoo instead, my moms strict too , i got an angel tattoo on my hip . she was mad
no , more like captain planet . i am even vegan because of her .
no . just a different one . who would you be ?
do you like music ? i love concerts
wait , really ? i like jimmy buffets , brown eyed girl because i have brown eyes .
concerts are where musicians play their music in person to crowds
pretty good ! just came back from the lake , and about to listen to an audiobook . yo ?
grit by angela duckworth . its a fascinating book about perseverance .
i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?
3 ! ? ! ? ? ! how did you manage that ?
well goodness ! must have been a nasty divorce .
ll ! ! ! the most exciting thing that is happened to me was i moved out at 14, but I wish I could have met Elvis like my mother did.
Los Angeles . i was going to model , but it did not work out .
cool ! was he ever in anything famous well known ?
i am doing quite well , and you ?
good . well i work as an engineer, but if I hadn't become an engineer, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts.
do you like it ? i quit my job once just to travel .
wow , i love pizza so that would be hard for me
dang , do you know anything about bitcoin ?
excellent , my job involves bitcoin right now
he is cool , do you have any pets ?
she sounds savvy , and very cool
hello
i am a secretary for a law firm . coffee really helps me . its important to me
ah , i can already tell i am gonna like you . i have that power .
are you a people person ?
i can tell when i will like a person but do not like being obligated to socialize. I wish I could predict the weather accurately.
no , but i do have a girlfriend that i intend to marry
yes , i am .
so good , right now i am swimming in my moms bosses pool !
i would like to run back over to europe with my siblings but you know . . . at least it nice here in mexico .
no it hot . haha but sible bless me , i get all the love
yeah best pool on na continent
yep . moonlight is amazing but northern light grab you too
that reminds me i have no siblings , and guilt about apples . . .
well i am floating around on a raft while mom cleans the mansions toilets , plus eve . . . .
i am well , disgusted by my farts lol
lol really ? i am so fat i cannot see my feet lol
i tried it , i just buy booze .
i love where i live , where do you live ?
i hate my friends got me so fat .
why ? it is their fault .
same with you workout for me
haha i am good ! had a physical today . things did not change still 5 foot ! lol
wow , pretty good . i am not as dedicated . how many siblings do you have ?
cool ! i am the youngest of eight . . . only girl !
haha , not with that many siblings . i am the forgotten child . literally . my parents are 85 . lol !
mmm chocolate is so much ! i love a good sunset and a piece of chocolate, I wish I could dye my hair as red as the sunset.
haha , yeah . where do you live ?
oh ! yep it would be a long drive for you .
miami florida . . . at least a days drive i think
yes ! ! ! ! i have a husky named tony . what kind of dog do you have ?
awesome , i sing in a coffeehouse and that is sometimes a request .
how do you deal with all those kids ?
i do not know what my favorite food is , los angeles has so much variety . .
i suppose . . . it would be quiet for me . i have always been in big cities
that sucks , but I think crimes on the rise everywhere, if I could pursue my dream, I would love to perform on Broadway.
if you scratch my back , sure !
i am a little unique . . i have more than 500 pairs of shoes like my mom !
she is well off , we do not eat at home , only at restaurants .
i always carry an epi pen , just in case there are some shellfish or cat hair hidden .
are you vegan ? i am .
yep , not easy finding true vegan restaurants . I wish I had a pet like a cat, despite being allergic to them.
hello , i do not play any sports . do you have a favorite food ?
pizza is my go-to for a treat .
yes , i actually am going to my high school homecoming and am getting my hair done .
thanks , it is nice as a female to get dressed up every once in a while . If I could dye my hair blue instead of red.
i am thinking about dying my hair from blonde to red . i love hiking too !
that is a good idea !
i will for sure do that . did you go to homecoming ?
oh wow , that is awesome !
i work as a band mate playing guitar, but I wish I could join a band and play country music on stage.
oh that is neat , i love listening to country music does she also write country music ?
i do ! what else do you enjoy ? i enjoy going for long runs on the beach .
i think it would be interesting teaching kids . maybe i will try writing music for guitars .
that is true . are you married ? i am not .
that is a good idea . i tend to enjoy being alone . relationships can be frustrating .
thank you so much for the chat , its been nice !
how do you enjoy college ?
doing well , just a little tired , just got off of work , stocking at groceries .
sorry to hear that , hope you feel better .
oh my , when i am not feeling well , i spend time sitting in my garden, if I could have a garden, I would grow a variety of plants like lavender and rosemary.
i understand . my mom is a social worker at school , i donate the vegetables to her school .
i want to visit my best friend in the big city , been working a lot of overtime .
sorry to hear that . i hope you have a travel companion .
that is sweet . but I am a loner .
hey , i like to fish .
not me , i eat cheeseburgers , they are my favorite .
i live by myself , so i do not talk a lot, I wish I could be more sociable like you.
i would rather watch television .
if i am off work , i am a mechanic .
if i come from work , i will be since i work on cars .
i can do that since i live by myself.
i am having a great time with my best friend, but I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders and appreciate their beauty like I do with snakes.
do you have a best friend ?
mine is my dog
what is their name ? how cool
i love that . do you want some tea ?
oh , i was thinking more like chai
will you help me out ?
top of the morning to you . living on a boat sounds fun .
divorced and have a daughter who has one son .
retired , but run a side business in computer programming which was my trade .
nice ! i turned 77 years old yesterday . and got a dog for my birthday .
thanks , a shih tzu , but all animals have a place in my heart .
that is a good idea . most people love dogs .
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in acting.
hello , no sorry i have to get up early for work, if I didn't have to work early mornings, I would have loved to go to the movies with you.
i prefer pita bread with hummus to snack on .
i am sorry to hear that . i have 3 children . do you have kids ?
i am hoping to have another child next year , i love kids !
sometimes i like roller coasters , and sometimes i hate them !
congratulations ! good luck with that .
i am a nurse . i love to help people , especially kids !
yes i enjoy it most days .
hi . i am about to sit down for a vegan dinner . what do former beauty queens eat ?
yeah . i spend my extra time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups.
wow . that is a unique pet . animals are so adorable .
sounds like you have a sweet place . If I had more time, I would love to rescue more animals in need.
well , my family is estranged . instead of family time i walk dogs for fun .
yeah . that could be a disaster .
those things take up most of my time . how about you ?
wow that sounds interesting i am a fulltime student, but I wish I could have pursued a career in video game design like you.
which games have you done would I know them ?
that has to hurt how is the start-up going ?
i like football who is your son's team ,
sounds like a very good team you must be proud
no unfortunately i am not able to for i have no husband.
could be fun , whats your favorite song to play ?
i do not believe i have that talent . my family does not believe i have any talent
my family and i do not get along , i really wish i was an animal . . dog maybe
have you been there ? i would really love to travel to space p
what kind do you grow ? and no , just wonder what space life is like
yes we could start a space garden full of potatoes !
true , lets do it ! i am disappointed with regular life , need some excitement !
for sure the guitar . . harp seems annoying , sorry
you are not alone , i am right here , okay ?
i believe 7 or 8 of them , why ?
i am not to disclose such information , but working hard gets you places here
yes , that is correct , fellow friend
we can if we choose to , do you have any pets ?
i have one poodle and she is a girl
maybe , what is your favorite genre of music ?
i mostly listen to smooth jazz and pop music
it says 8 chat turns are now finished , see , now we are done
okay , if you say so , my love
i am from chicago , where you from
i am 16 years old , but i am very mature
i swear , i love doing this task the most . what is your gender ?
oh , i get that you are not 16 , so how old are you ?
oh wow , how much have you accomplished so far in life ?
well , that is a great one . i am currently in college already . wish me luck
i speak 3 languages , how many do you speak ?
yes , i have all as and i really take pride in what i d
spanish is actually already one of my languages
por favor habla claramente , senor
not at all , it depends on how well the dialogue is
hi i am doing okay how are you
i eat anything really i love mexican food tho
yeah they are especially after my ice hockey games, I wish I could play ice hockey professionally one day.
they are ok do you go to school ?
i am a sophomore in high school
not yet i do know i was to be a math major
its my favorite class , it is hard at times a lot of things to remember
a little tired now but feeling good in general . listening to music .
classical music . mozart piano music .
music does help us right ? what else do you do to feel better ?
wow ! that is cool . but live bugs ?
i see . so you put them on the shelf for display ?
that is quite a museum ! i am impressed . you seem to be an indoor person .
oh sorry for my assumption . i apologize .
weird ? okay thank you for pointing it out . but I would love to learn to play racquetball with you one day.
vera died . i need a new honda . you drive ?
great ! i like subway strangers when i am lonely . you ?
get out ! me too ! you listen to Fall Out Boy ? I wish I could attend a Fall Out Boy concert someday.
oh okay . you watch tv shows ? i like sitcoms .
i read thrillers that are political . you you ever tasted bat meat ?
candies sweets or candies clothes ? what honda do you have ?
oh okay . on tv they say bbq bat is to die for . you sing ?
yes ! stir fry bat . hmmm . i wonder . you ride the subway ?
hi ! i am doing great . practicing for my audition ! and you ?
i am auditioning for a big movie ! my first one was when i was 18 .
interesting so what do you do for a living ?
what do you teach ? i love to travel alone but I shoot many commercials. If I hadn't pursued acting, I would have become a professional musician.
i love english . it is my favorite subject . i have my parents and brother .
wow i am so sorry . that is the worst
i love to travel everywhere ! where have you been ?
actually same for me ! what is your favorite european country
great . just planing my next hike on the appalachian trail
cool man what type of tunes do you groove to ? If I weren't so into hiking, I'd love to learn how to play the guitar.
sounds diggity dig man . hell , i do not even have a computer
na man then you have to have a place to keep it . i like freedom
all i need is clothes on my back and pink hiking boots and my backpack of course
ya man all that matters smoking in the wind
yo dog we could have some fun . kick those pink boots right off . wink wink
i am good thanks i am studying for exams
its hard being in college what do you do for a living ?
cool my mm cleans the hospital
yum sound good . i am going to stay home and watch cartoons
i like to read as well but i love to listen to dear metal a lot too
if i did not live at home i would listen to the stones very loud
how about anything with lamb ?
well , i have a job in a gas station , working as a cashier
i will be twenty six in the month of may !
nothing ! in london my mom was a ballet dancer she was famous !
punk band rancid are awesome ! , they are my favorite
if I could, I would have pursued a career in ballet like my mother.
wow from one awesome place to another . do you have any pets
you can still have pets they are cool and some are really cheap to keep
i never have ! its tough for me to leave my farm and animals .
great question ! just pigs , female chickens and pigs .
this is true ! i am a vegan , so i do not eat what comes from my animals, if I weren't a vegan, I would definitely try milk from my own cows.
nope , no lactose ! when i am not tending to my animals , i enjoy dancing
oh , so you are a swimmer ? i need to get out more .
i would love to , as long as we can go somewhere that serves vegan dishes !
really ? you need to try seasoned tortillas !
i am great ! reading some newspapers and talking about politics ! and you ?
oh wow ! where is the wedding going to be ?
i work at a real estate law firm ! i know nice wedding places, but if I could make a career change, I would love to work in a non-profit organization advocating for social justice.
i am not but i want to marry . i am a lesbian and i enjoy female authors .
i have a fish , but i do not think it can be ring bearer
my brother , but not one of my own . do you ?
how come they do not like her or him ? i am not fulfilled with my work.
it is good pay but not fun to go to every day .
i am great , how are you ?
awesome do you like to drive on sunny days ?
i enjoy driving as well , especially in my purple mustang, if I could, I would drive cross-country in my purple mustang.
it is ! do you know if your shelter is hiring ?
very nice , i like italian as long as we do not discuss science
i hate science too but love anything purple
i do not have a job but hope to find one soon
you are amazing ! good work ?
you are perhaps repeating the number 4 for some reason ? i am going to be famous, but if only my late spouse could see my photos in that music video with Adam Levin.
maybe you need some coffee and then you will be famous !
do you like being outside ? i hike .
in new zealand . someday my photographs will be in an Adam Levin video .
i think with enough coffee and booze anything is possible
i actually do not know about that . i want Amy Adams in more movies .
a drinking coffee problem it is giving me ulcers.
i am good thanks for asking
i am an emt worker, but if I weren't a paramedic, I would pursue a career in music production.
i work at the hospital
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
what city are you from ?
wow , that is too bad . what do you do for fun ?
that stinks . i enjoy the saxophone and play jazz in a band . do you work ?
great . i like to take vacations near lake michigan and eat lobster and shrimp .
i understand . try coffee ! i love iced coffee . or karate to relieve stress .
that is good exercise . i prefer karate and currently have a black belt .
it is . do you have any pets ? i do not .
wow that is a lot . must keep you busy. If I could have any pet, it would be a parrot that can sing jazz tunes.
just great and i hope you are also .
i work for a publisher .
i am making a big dinner tonight for some of my friends .
lasagna and bread . for dessert there is cheesecake . i love to cook .
i love having people eat my coking . If I could change one thing, I would stop comparing myself to others.
i am five feet and six inches .
i am a girl . i am taller than many .
hello ! i love music i am in school to be a music teacher, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of music.
are not they great ? what do you do for fun ?
oh that sounds lovely . where do you live ?
i am living in new york . its rough , financially , but i do it for my grandma
mine too ! she also taught me the violin , which i hope to teach
i love reading . especially on my kindle . do you have a favorite book ?
oh that sounds interesting . what else do you do for fun ?
i like to paint only using two colors
lovely meeting you ! good night !
hi ! i am great ! i just graduated high school ! how about you ?
congratulations ! have you graduated college ? i am attending the university of michigan in the fall .
cool , do you have any favorite foods ? i like tacos but hate spaghetti , have anything interesting planned ?
cool , i like music but really am more into nature . summer is my favorite season , but I wish I could trade places with someone living in a big city for a day.
fun , just relaxing in the summer is my fave .
any other interesting stuff going on in your life ?
i am really good . . . . how are you today
oh wow that must be really nice . . . . . . do you by any chance believe in dragons
me too and i assume riding one would be like driving a chevrolet
i know . . . . . do you work a job ?
oh wow i bet you have to talk to people all the time that would be hard, if I could choose, I would have been born a prince.
oh that is nice family is important
i really like dungeons and dragons
well it does open you up to a lot of online opportunities
hi how are you doing tonight i am fine thank you .
oh get some rest later i have a lot of fun with nature .
that sounds like fun i have trouble paying my bills, I wish I could escape my debt and live a carefree life.
yes times are very hard i think about moving to another country .
it is a great one yes maybe i will move down south .
very hot there i like listening to electronic music do you ?
country is so soothing and relaxing i like country music too .
i am good ! i am four years old !
i do not know what that means . do you have a little girl like me ?
pink just like my princess bed from daddy . your favorite food ?
i love picnics with my mommy ! i got brown eyes how about you ?
i play with my dolly outside . how bout you ?
no . sounds like a monster . if I could fly, I would visit my friends in the clouds.
i am scared of monsters but good ones should be ok !
no , i do not mind at all .
i am cold . its too cold here tonight .
i am from the southern usa . normally i like cold weather , but not tonight .
nah . i do not care for them .
i played a little bit of soccer in school , but was never really good at it
i have some government bonds , but no stocks .
hi . great . how are you ?
i am from florida . i hate the traffic here .
that is nice . i love reading and listening to podcasts . you ?
very cool ! sounds like fun and relaxing .
florida but it is too hot for me . i am moving to tn . in spring, I wish I could live closer to work to avoid the long drives.
i love virginia . i am diabetic but love sweets . you ?
oh i am sorry to hear that . feel better .
i am doing well , how are you ? the weather is nice here , and there ?
oh my ! its finally cooling down where i am , in time for my europe trip !
have you ever been on a cruise ship ? i have not , that would be inspiring, if I had the chance, I would love to go on a cruise ship someday.
no , being a woman in size 12 i am trying to stick to a veggie and fruit diet
ribs used to be my favorite
now i love to do my shopping on the weekends , instead of all the eating
dance lessons with my boyfriend , i bought them just a few minutes ago online !
me too , i am excited to try it ! before my trip
hello ! i manage my family business . i love it .
i am doing well . although i work most of the time, I wish I had more free time to spend with my family.
the business is a restaurant . . . italian food . i have a cat .
neo . like from the matrix .
car rides mostly . i have a pretty nice car .
hows that going ? i am constantly around family also
i see . i have to take moments here and there too .
hi there ! doing great , i am on the way to work but it takes forever !
me too , but i like to put on podcasts to speed up the drive !
unfortunately unable to work too hard being a diabetic so i do a small side accounting job, but if I could choose any career, I would be a travel photographer capturing the essence of different cultures around the world.
that is true , reading is a hobby of mine to escape reality
i need some too , god i hate this traffic
no way i only did it for the money
what do you do now ?
i need a new haircut maybe you can help me.
hi there how is your night going ? just finished watching a hockey game here .
doing anything fun tonight ? i am gonna go enjoy the weather and rollerblade .
same here . school night . what do you do work work ?
oh cool ! i work as a nutritionist , so i do not eat any sugar .
i know it is hard . it is in everything . but a balanced diet in important .
working at the zoo you are very active i am sure . a good diet would compliment that .
what is your favorite animal to take care of at the zoo ? if I could have any animal as a pet, I would choose a penguin.
that is pretty interesting i am into fashion, but I wish I could live in a world where everything is red.
not a big animal fan myself . do you have a car ?
i have a red car . i am actually pretty into the color red.
i do its super fun what city do you want to live in ?
i am trying to stick to a healthy diet
fortunately i do not . what are your hobbies
haha those are funny hobbies.
i am good just got back from a show
no but i love to bake cookies
i do too but then i have to go walking
that is cool sounds like fun
i like to bake but try to stay healthy, I wish I could bring my dog to work with me at Uber.
how do you eat do you go out
yeah i work for them and love it
hi there , are you a fan of comic books
i create comic books that is why i ask, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to bring comic book characters to life.
i love dr pepper , but not fruit
same , if you like tv watch scooby doo its great
did you know i work at a club
it is they play punk rock there
cool , i also have a corner shop job
no but i can if i want to
nice ! i chill out on the couch all day , since i do not work .
i need a job ! . tired of everyone saying i whine about paying bills .
trust fund . it is running out though . i hate paying bills . how about you ?
if only I had a job, I wouldn't have to worry about bills anymore.
ll ! ! ! not sure i want to try that one ! ! !
i bet . i think i will try salads and greens instead !
i am doing great now that i am off duty .
whats that odds of this happening . do not tell me you work at a factory ?
cool . i bet you see a lot of strange things .
i see that you like to laugh . i love jokes . want to hear one ?
why did the boy bury his father under the stairs ?
ll , wrong , but i like your answer .
because it was his step dad, If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work as a volunteer instead.
no i am the only one , do you ?
that is pretty cool , what you do for living
nice , if I could go back, I would pursue a career in acting instead of baking. how old are you
o wow , haha you are very young
i am 511 haha , you
wow that is cool though , are you in highschool
yes i did long time ago , what you want to do as career
bread , we are the bread family haha , teaching is awesome.
i am tired . i love getting up early to watch the sunrise every day. I wish I could join you in watching the sunrise every day.
i work so much . 60 hours a week is a lot .
i am sorry . how long have you been confined to bed ? i love social media .
awe . i usually eat breakfast then go back to bed . i should go and exercise more .
ll , i have a dog myself . he loves to cuddle .
reeled xavier . he is a yorkie . i love him to pieces . very spoiled.
hey ! i am doing well ! what are your passions ?
oh fun ! i used to be a cheerleader when i was younger ! If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of cheerleading.
go alligators ! if you want to do something , you should go for it !
oh , i love shopping . maybe i should buy some of her stuff .
very nice . my kids spend too much time on facebook .
it happens . did you get hit by the hurricanes ?
not as bad as texas , but we had some issues here in florida .
there was an alligator in my pool ! alligators are ok being mascots , but not real ones !
i am good . just looking at my antiques . I wish I could travel back in time to the Victorian era to see all the antiques in their original glory.
i have a doll collection and victorian things . what about you ?
i am a romantic . and i am pretty bored today .
i was never good at writing papers . i am so glad i am done with school !
that is very cool ! i am a high school teacher , but not in english . . . lol
i teach us history . my kids do not have to write papers .
that is nice of her . i hope you do well in college !
i am sure your parents are proud of you !
hi , i am alright . so , do you have any hobbies ?
ouch . too bad . i read a lot . and dance when i can . do you read at all ?
lol , that counts ! i lean toward books , but you gotta go with what is available .
i see . she must have stories ! now i am reading two books on sharks .
that is nice to be best friends with your mom . you are lucky i think . If only I had the chance, I would love to dance with your mom in the big city!
that sounds nice . does your mom dance ?
i am looking for a new partner . where does she usually dance ?
cool . i dance country , swing , even polka . try to be flexible .
i will be fine after i finish this expensive glass of vino
i also will be better once i get my nails uv cured, but if I had to work, I would love to open my own nail salon.
yes my trust fund allows me to have wine and red meat every night .
where did you move to ?
that is a good occupation . i would do that if i needed to work .
yes . after i walk my french bulldog to the nail salon , i sit and design websites
do you have any hobbies or pets ?
do you like rock concerts ? what kind of music ?
i am sitting some cats and reading the tale of genji .
yes what is your favorite book ?
tale of genji is my favorite and i read it over and over .
no it gets interesting . my dad help me . he teaches asian literature .
actually i am not sure if i fit in either . I wish my mom was still alive to see my purple hair.
if you like . freedom of choice hey .
yes i do it myself and change colors when i want .
yes just buy the hair color and the instruction is all there .
hi ! i love yellow . it is a happy color ! what is yours ?
i actually teach piano in my music class, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in music instead of teaching.
no because i am up early , have my coffee and work until 5 .
i understand . i used to work at a candy store . i ate more chocolate than i sold !
mine is carol and i have a sister name sue . we are twins .
i do like sports . i especially like baseball and hockey .
pittsburgh penguins are my favorite ! and i love the chicago cubs !
yes we do ! what do you do in your spare time ? i love to go for coffee .
i am doing good ! did you do anything fun this weekend ?
i am working now at my real estate office , but this weekend i am waitressing
christmas is coming up and i am the youngest of 8 , presents get expensive
lol that might work for my close friends , but my siblings expect more .
lol do you have a big family ?
that must get lonely , do you at least have some close friends ?
well it gets hard trying to find someone special , but i just keep looking, I wish I could find love as easily as I find new properties to sell.
yeah that is becoming increasingly obvious
i am great and how about you ?
whats your favorite color eh ?
my favorite color is pink . you married ?
i got married to my sweetheart
i do not, I wish I had more hobbies to keep me occupied.
she did . very sad stuff eh
not really just like being alone
i am good . . . do not think so .
oh . i just got finished eating some pizza .
i like to paint pictures , you ?
oh . if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art.
oh . i sell cars for a living .
oh , i enjoy basketball too .
thank you . i really enjoy it .
oh . well i am sorry you feel that way.
no who is he ? i like playing video games, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a video game developer.
oh i have never seen that show
mario kart eight i am the youngest of my family
i stay up late playing and i wake up early
its the best waking up early ,
yeah i bet , i eat fried chicken and chocolate cake today
whats that ? i love learning new things
i remember now , they are good
hello . 37 , how about you ?
no i am not . i make friends quickly though .
no i do not . i wish i had a cat though . do you have kids or pets ?
wow ! what kind of pet ?
i would but my roommate is allergic ! it makes me sad .
oh i did not know that ! thanks .
i am a freelance artist . what about you ?
i like to do live gesture drawings .
hi , i am ok tired as always tho
overworked , lots of hours , how about you ?
sorry for delay , i am always eating, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would want to be more confident.
angel food cake , i love it
oh , i have a constant hunger , i want some !
work long hours saving up to get my corvette
i have not decided yet . maybe steel grey
wow you sound successful . i live by myself and drink too much .
oh . so you are one of those businesses .
i could never have a family . i do not think love is real .
i am unhappy . i drink my problems away and shop online in the dark but I wish I could find someone who understands me better.
i think i saw that on a famous tv show .
i feel like nobody listens to me when i talk
yes . you are part of the problem .
i sure hope you have other body parts too haha
oh just kicked back and relaxing
awesome i have a bunch of kids and married
no but my children do all the time
i love to sleep in and love nails, but I wish I could travel to Paris to learn crocheting techniques from the artisans there.
if i do not get my sleep i am mean
paris would be an awesome place to go to
why imagine if you can just go
its been ok . do you like cats ? i have 3 of them .
fair enough . do you love to dance ? i do .
music is cool . do you have any siblings ?
i see . no siblings for me either, I wish I had siblings to share my travels with.
i see , what color is your hair ? mines dyed blonde
i travel . to foreign countries mostly .
i love traveling . its the best part of my job
i am great . just about to go for a walk , you ?
i just finished some games , ready to either party or nap .
what kind of pets do you have ? i am a dog person .
how sweet ! what are you doing tonight ? want to meet some people ?
sounds fun . where are you going ? for work or pleasure ?
how long are you going to be gone ?
that is a long time , do you have someone staying with your kittens ?
I wish I could join you for a walk down by the park today.
hello how are you ? good thanks .
what do you do for fun ? yes i am . you ?
i go to the gym and dance .
understand , remember you only have one body more important than money .
try them with humus . it is tasty .
it is really good with carrots, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have short hair.
do you like video games ? i love them . warm .
i just have to set an alarm to get up and moving in the middle of playing !
i am a parent and my daughter is 2 years old
my hobbies is tasting cheese, but I wish I could travel the world to explore different cuisines.
my job is to sell paper products and it pays the bills .
i do love music but do not listen to much . i am about 6 ft .
i love to cook Italian dishes
i am pretty fit but I can do more when it comes to working out .
yeah, it will happen , i have traveled over time .
i really liked visiting Germany
i am ok how are you ?
that is good , what part of the country do you live
i am in ohio , i am a stay at home mom
awesome . do you have kids ?
i wish i had time for something other than my kids
they are both in sports so its a lot to handle . but they are wonderful boys .
basketball and cross country right now but they are always doing some kind of sport
hell, no . i am a graphic designer . what are you studying ?
nice ! i have an art degree , my side job is painting beach scenes
very nice . they do well here in the galleries . do you paint ?
lol . have you seen the paintings by elephants ?
i watched a video of one painting . he was enjoying it .
it is . i like long walks on the beach . i am a virgo and single , lol. If I had the time, I would love to take up surfing as a hobby.
i love dogs . i have a lab , his name is sirius . what do you have ?
followed my dads footsteps and decided to drive semi trucks . you ?
that is neat . are you married ?
that is terrible . if I hadn't followed in my father's footsteps, I might have pursued my dream of becoming a pilot.
that is great , she is the real mvp
you have such a cool mom
yes , i am in georgia . we had part of it.
good and how about yours ?
i shop a lot fashion is my passion ever since i was young .
i do ! i have 3 cats .
i am in school in new york for designing fashion .
that sounds interesting . are you familiar with coco chanel ?
well coco along with alexander mcqueen are my role models, and I wish I could travel to Paris to visit the fashion houses of Coco Chanel and Alexander McQueen.
they are fashion designers . what else do you do for fun ?
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i am well . just watching my favorite tv show .
i like the voice . how old are you ?
do you have any pets ?
well that is nice that you have a lot of friends !
wow that is awesome . do you enjoy reading ?
yes i love it . especially when i get bored at sea .
i am a naval officer .
that is a good ambition to have !
great just finished listening to my favorite rap mixtape !
where do you work ?
i do not have a job but i love to eat and cook !
no i am content playing drums
no i just eat all the time ! how about you !
i love to eat gourmet foods , i also like science !
i am single but that is okay because I have got my favorite rap songs to keep me company. If I had the chance, I would love to collaborate with Drake on a rap track.
my life i guess , i do not do that much so i take inspiration from friends.
hi . i am a student too . but at the university here .
i am studying bio . but i am mostly here to play soccer . its my favorite .
mostly soccer . and eat pizza ! if I could choose a superpower, it would be the ability to heal instantly.
wow . do you think you will get to mars in your lifetime ?
well , i am just a freshman so i am more focused on athletics than studies . lol .
great . done with classes and have plans to go out with friends tonight . you ?
awesome . what kind of medicine do you do ? always looking for bio related careers .
i am great what about you
nice are you guy or girl ?
oh okay no pets , unless my prius is one haha , you ?
cool , i do to just do not have one
yes , i hike often up volcanoes, but I wish I could hike up mountains like you do.
that sounds relaxing where are you from ?
cool cool , women from canada are very attractive for some reason
nice , you sound young , what foods do you like
hi how are you doing ? i have family i want to meet someday, I wish I could spend Christmas with all my siblings someday.
we are all very far in distance yes i love gum i am chewing now .
yes scooby doo is a funny cartoon i love to laugh .
i am chewing trident no i am disabled but i am okay .
my flavor i am chewing is bubble gum its so good . yes laughing
laughing is good medicine . not at the moment i go out and hustle .
no i do not but i would love to know and what flavor are you chewing ?
hi , i am very single . i was hoping to meet someone tonight, but I wish I could find someone who shares my love for yoga and grey.
no dates for me . but i love to write , it is my passion .
i write about yoga and my favorite color , which is grey .
i think that museums are boring .
if the museum is about grey and yoga i shall try .
i am have been trying not to be single , but you are married to james !
fun is not allowed for singles . all i see is grey .
no , all i like is grey , yoga , and writing .
hola ! que pasa ! i do not have plans just yet . you
ooh i love music especially blues ! i wish i could sing lol
i never been a big fan of wings . my fav is chicken enchiladas
green but i do like red as well
oh really ? are you a truck driver ?
maybe you can when you have a vacation
i am good how about yourself ?
what are you going to school for ?
i started going to school recently
i am so undecided . . . cant find what i love
i like science . . . so i do not know
i wish i could be a marine biologist
www you guys met in school ?
oh , why ? i moved to sweden last month .
what do you like to do ?
i love hiking on glaciers . If I could stop losing things, I would be so much happier.
it really is . i want to go again soon .
are you in a relationship ?
why would that keep you from dating ?
i have never seen a pink person .
i have a boyfriend i love .
pretty good . just taking a break from playing some classic super nintendo
you wanna be the very best that no one ever was . i get ya
yeah ! go for it . i do not work out but i do hunt
my 2 dogs help me . i eat everything i kill
perhaps . keeps you from eating broccoli all day too
If I were a superhero, I would have the power to control time
i am a pretty on the surface guy myself
no but i wish i did . i would like to eat some while i paint
graphic designing is what i do . what kind of work do you do ?
no kids here and i am single now so i have more time to paint
oh mercedes , i would rather take a walk on the beach alone while being single
no siblings , no significant other means no drama . i like that and painting
after all the drama it is good for me . more time to paint
no not me , i do not like to show out , like driving a mercedes . kidding
and take long walks down the beach and drive your car back
hi , i am doing fine . just playing with my cat , pickles . you ?
that is awesome ! do you enjoy starbucks ?
so do i ! what do you do for a living ?
how nice . if I hadn't pursued interior design, I might have considered pursuing a career in music like my parents.
me , i swim . i swam during college . great workout .
love running as well . how long have you been in computer programming
not bad just out for a run while my movie downloads . how are you ?
that is cool . i could never be in a band , no one would come watch
i am so nervous around people , i just lock up . . they would laugh at me !
work at dads appliance store he wants me to take over . . or run . I wish I could join a running club and make new friends.
definitely not , i hate interacting with people . i like running and watching netflix . you ?
mostly stuff from other countries , so interesting . what do you do ?
i laugh at the wrong things , it makes me nervous to watch with people
what kind of music do you play ?
i am good . tired from working both of my jobs today . you ?
you should move to the beach . i love it there, but if I didn't have to work two jobs, I would spend all my time at the beach.
could you repair my blue macbook air ? i dropped it and cracked the screen
oh i see . the more technical stuff . i loved it though . it was blue
what kind do you recommend ?
good to know . i will tell my husband since i need a new one for school
i am in my first year of grad school . working to put myself through
good luck to both of us !
hello , i am sue . i am doing great today . how are you ?
no kidding ? i burned a batch of cupcakes earlier . must be one of those days !
vanilla with blue icing and pink sprinkles .
how old is owen ? that is a great name .
i do not . i have 3 nieces and a nephew though .
very true ! i have 2 dogs and a mean cat . I wish I could have a cat, but unfortunately, I am allergic.
i have read that a lot of people are allergic . it must be a common allergy .
my best friends son has a turtle . he is pretty large now .
it would go great with the pizza i am eating
sure i will what is your favorite food
i like to watch what i eat but it is not working
i am asian can you draw really well ? I wish I could draw like you, art has always been a passion of mine.
i am trying to learn how to cook italian
i want to also make dessert .
cheesecake , cream pies , peach cobbler
i do not think i can turn any of that down
hi , i am doing well , how about you
single , people around here are very childish
too involved with drama , and i do not have time for that
i teach sixth graders , so i deal with enough hormonal teenage drama
who does not ? i prefer roses
lilies are technically known as death flowers , another favorite, but I wish I wasn't allergic to apples; they are just too delicious to resist.
whats it like being colorblind
oh i bet that is a little hard , are you allergic to anything ?
hi . good . just got home from hanging out a best buy . i love it .
that sounds like fun . what is your favorite game ?
nope . might get one sometime . do have pets ? i have a dog and cat .
hah . my cat is bigger than my dog .
no . just a huge cat . good thing my dog likes tall people . i only date them .
too funny . you must love red . do you have other hobbies ?
i am more of a free diving gal, but I wish I could live underwater and dive forever.
toes in the sand is sure a wonderful way to spend the day .
getting ready to go visit mom and dad ,
sometimes pets substitute for family .
my two dogs go most everywhere except when i visit mom and dad .
right now waiting for a job
good , maybe you can help me sometime .
what school should i look into ? oops , dogs needed out
yes , it sounds like it . then i could afford a pet sitter for my dogs .
read a lot so would have time to study .
neither , i prefer potato chips
do you have pepsi in the market ?
ah i do not like farmers market . everything is too expensive
i am a librarian so i do not have a good salary . if I had a higher salary, I would definitely splurge on fresh fruits and vegetables.
no , but i love birds
i live in a small city in montana
yes , it is so small that everyone know each other . it is quite lovely
not much just making toys
yes they do , its almost crunch time in my industry
the best time of the year for me
i like the kids smiles when they see what i do for them
what do you do for a living
i help make the toys for christmas day with the elves, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to spend more time with my wife.
oh i do not make money doing it
yes it is hope he gave you what you needed in life.
hello ! i am doing well , yourself ?
yes ! congratulations ! my three sisters are web designers also
i agree , currently studying to become a nurse
it is great . i am using it now as a paramedic
me too , it is an exciting time
if I could afford it, I would love to have a spacious house instead of a studio apartment.
it is going well . just got in from work stocking shelves at walmart
cool , you like muse ? they are my favorite band, I wish I could join a band like Muse and go on a world tour.
my father loves star wars . when he is not working as a mechanic , he watches those
well i like being vegan , and i am mainly working saving for college in 3 months
i am always changing my mind , but that sounds fun !
i hope so for you too !
you should ! put your own stamp on a game
it has its days , but i think it is so worth it !
i am great . just got off a long flight .
salt lake city where my girlfriend lives and i am based as a pilot .
oh no . i just saw a spider . they terrify me. If I wasn't afraid of spiders, I would have no problem being a wildlife photographer.
a commercial ? are you a director ?
i travel a lot as well with my job . makes me miss my two beagles .
do you take your family with ?
my parents are stationed in germany , they are in the military .
hey there , i am doing well . how are you ?
right now i work in a dr office . i am a receptionist .
where is it ? ? i am still in school right now . . finishing up my business degree, but if I had the chance, I would love to work for my favorite rapper, Yo Gotti.
well i would definitely show up . i am a little ocd and like things to be perfect
that is awesome ! i would love to be my own boss someday
not yet , but someday i will be . just have to find the right person first
that is my plan . finish school , find a better job , and maybe move too .
thanks ! i try to think logically . are you married ?
pretty great . just listening to some hard rock . what about you ?
oh are you in school ?
that is a great subject to get into to . what do you do for fun ?
i should go there and buy a bunch of black items . i love that color
i need to get a new black purse . i have had mine for ages
i drive around in my black car and listen to guns roses, if only I could have attended one of their concerts.
they are my favorite . so metal
i am a bit envious . i never got to see them live
my dog recently died , i feel so incomplete
i am a mother so i had to comfort my husband and 2 sons, but I wish I could create art with my sons like my parents did with me.
i am an artist , i just do whatever i can think of and just create
do you live in a big house for the cats ? i have a house and a yard
i was always taught by my parents to stay inspired for anything even grass haha
i loved my parents but they passed away
i am sorry about your dead dad , have fun with your mom
my mom was the same way, i try to be the same to my kids
ok but i need my veggie burger .
i think is hiding under my mashed potatoes .
i have to record game of thrones so i can go play soccer with my navy brother, but if only Game of Thrones was still airing, I'd have a reason to stay in and watch it with my vegan brother.
oh well i have been busy reliving my brothers navy days .
yes and he liked being vegan first . it rubbed off .
well do not be critical of my mashed potatoes . i love them . lol
oh i am sorry . i need my veggie burger .
i do not actually mind the winter but i do really like spring
i do not care for crime shows . i like scifi
i do not . enlighten me ?
are you in any relationships i tend to have bad luck with them
that is interesting . i try to go out more to meet new people .
If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have more motivation to excel in my studies.
nothing too exciting . i like to go on walks .
so what about you what do you do for fun ?
i am swell , how are you ?
i am a professional ballet dancer, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be an archaeologist uncovering ancient mysteries.
i bet those weddings are beautiful
yellow is pretty , i love white
yes i love all genres . what do you like
i was born in the eighties
do you see g h o s t s
maybe you could be a ghost hunter
i am great ! just hanging with my kitties . and you ?
what do you mean ?
oh wow now i see what you mean . do you have any animals ?
that is awesome ! i love animals . do you have a bike ?
i enjoy movies , too . i am in school are you ?
nice ! what will you study ? i work for tops
that is a great field to be in . i hope you do well, If I could have any other pet, I would choose a parrot for its colorful feathers.
good luck to you . there is a huge demand
pretty stressed trying to pay these debts off from college . stupid increase . . .
well hell , i wish it was free in the states , failing some classes . . .
tooth ! ! sounds good ! i would love that . i have been enjoying nature . keeps me sane
toto your dog ? yeah i use to live in kansas .
oh . . . i never heard of the band toto . sorry .
oh ok . so makes me really young then p i sometimes think about traveling other countries
yeah , i hope to travel . i need to focus on these debts and my classes first
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo i totally chilling my dude shred or die !
what . why would i do that ? i live life bruh, but if I were to work, I'd probably be a music producer.
nope . i love weird music though . what you rip the tunes ?
fake it til you become it dawg , shred tha pools
haha , i am too much of a slacker to take care of kids . hell no . contraception is key
exactly , amiga . gettin pitted . so you ever had blue and orange hair ?
maybe , tell me about your life , i think i am in looooooove
age is all in the mind , i can tell you i am an adult !
i am too shy to go to classes like karate or book clubs, but if I could overcome my shyness, I would love to try new activities like karate or book clubs.
me , too . but i am a lifelong teetotaler .
it is a person who drinks no alcohol . i am content very .
good stuff . my dog gets shrimp on new years . any pets ?
when you are not blowing sax , what do you do ?
that is admirable . a few say my shyness is detrimental , but i am content .
i just is . i have no problem with it . are you a licensed therapist ?
i meant , it just is . i have never seen live jazz , but i am okay .
i like hip hop my favorite is katie perry specially in the shower lol
cars has been my thing so i got me a yellow convertible
well what would you consider her music ? and you are right
my grandfather had one when i was younger and i loved his
I wish I could play piano like you, but my real passion is in lifeguarding.
really well you can always do like me and vet fresh air to decide your next step
well maybe you can change something maybe where you are looking
maybe try get out of your zone maybe a commercial
i am fine , but a bit tired at the moment . how are you ?
nice ! i work all week in an office downtown . but tomorrow after work my life begins !
yes ! it is archery all weekend . a friend took my to class i was good ! I wish I had more time to practice archery to pursue it professionally.
i want to improve so i can possibly compete , but i am not there yet . and you ?
what is the name of your cat ? when i was younger i had one
poochie ! it was rescued from a plastic garbage bag along a road .
very tiny , weak . my daughter babied her . i have not seen a tuxedo cat .
no i am not but my husband the cop is
oh , i am a teacher , that is my passion and reading i love it. If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
oh , that reminds me of my favorite place , the beach
ism married , he met me at the beach , got married in a church
17 kids , yes , 17 crumbsnachers
only child huh , i bet you picked your nose and had imaginary friends
sorry about that , my blood sugar is low , i get grumpy , and jealous
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?
camping sounds interesting . i like to kick a ball around and watch cinderella, but I wish I could travel the world like in my books and movies.
i have never played baseball . soccer is more my style .
can you recommend any good books about baseball ? i am addicted to reading .
thanks . i will have to add to my insatiable hunger of knowledge .
have you traveled anywhere lately ?
just wherever my disney movies or books take me . i am trying to save money .
hello ! my name is ellen !
i am ! been married to my husband for 45 years !
same ! i have 8 grandkids , so its hard to get out with the dogs !
oh that sounds fun ! i used to do theater when i was a teenager ! If I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in acting.
i am retired , so i might not be as sharp as i used to be
i am pretty active and in good health , but it was better when i was younger
completely ! but my grandkids and husband keep me on my toes
i do not cook, i am a pianist. If I weren't a pianist, I would love to be a professional skydiver.
i love billy joel and elton john.
my father bought me a yellow piano before he passed.
thank you, my boyfriend could not come home for the funeral, he is army.
i know nothing about you, what is your favorite color?
yellow! i wear yellow daisies in my short hair.
bye! talk to you later.
you as well, have a great night.
hello how are you i am great
i love my mom the best
wow five kids you stay busy
that is great . i love my husband
24 years and still counting
ten is a great number
oh wow i bet that was nice
if I could travel anywhere, I would love to visit Paris and explore the art scene.
hi ! i am doing alright , how about you ?
i am in between classes right now , taking a break from studying . grad school is hard
i am studying to be a doctor ! but animals also like me, if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal sanctuary.
it is . what do you do ?
you can try telling me anyway
no i have not . but props to you ! i just volunteer at the dog shelter when i can
i agree ! would love to meet your dogs one day.
how are you doing tonight ?
well i am albert thanks for asking and art is fun
just a nice guy really just i been told
talk faster and sometimes i cant sleep phone rings all the time
well people always sue everyone i am the one to call
if I were not a judge, I would love to travel the world and explore different cuisines.
i will be the judge of that sir
pizza wings and cheese bread
i spend too much of my time
i really have no idea, but I wish I could spend more time volunteering at animal shelters with my son.
i sign tons of petitions
ii really do not know at all
i ust cant seem to stop
that is a super good idea
wow , i would love that
thanks so much for your help
hey how are you doing today sir ?
just reading a national geographic . i love animals . volunteer at a local shelter
cool . i love to travel . do you ?
who is your favorite country singer ?
i do . i love it in a weird brainwashed kind of way, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
i am a veteran . i collect a pension . what about you ?
oh i am sure you will be an excellent nurse . do you have a family ?
i have been married for two decades but feel the same way .
i am pretty good , got back from a nice hike . how are you ?
what do you do for fun in the city
oh okay . i do not read books often , normally books in french are my go to .
i do , but they are in algeria , so i do not see them often unfortunately .
yeah , its sad sometimes . i am in a band , so that helps me not to be lonely .
i play jazz piano . its really fun and energizing . do you play anything ?
you could always learn . my parents are real big on learning as much as you can, just like how I often dream of opening a caf with a library inside, blending my love for coffee and books.
definitely . books are great references for practically everything and anything.
cats are nice but i prefer iguanas , they make nice pets .
not sure i would like that ! what do you do for work ?
i need to find a job , i am broke right now .
i will , thanks . i have a brother too , but have not talked to him in forever .
that is funny . do you have other animals besides cats ?
i have two iguanas , fizzy and wrinkles . but i am fascinated by dogs .
true , but they are smart . i think they could read if they were taught . If I could change one thing about my life, I would try to mend things with my brother and strengthen our relationship.
have a great night , take care .
my favorite fruit is apple because when i was little my 3 older siblings loved apples . I wish I had more siblings to play with when I was younger.
no i am a vegetarian . what are your hobbies ? i play the piano and geocache .
pink because studies show it calms the mind . i need calm as a school psychologist .
i find that the best approach is sitting down and telling them calmly .
apple is my favorite fruit . one time my older brother threw an apple and broke a window .
i like building things more than breaking . have you ever played minecraft ?
it is not much fun without mods and a few good friends .
just fine , thank you for asking .
well going fishing is one and church
i live in south carolina it hot here also .
that will be nice , where do you live .
that sounds like a good life to live .
i love gospel songs and country, but if I could have any car, it would be a classic red convertible.
ok , what about cars what is your favorite.
hey ! i am good , just playing some games online
cool , what you listening to ? you in school ?
i only just graduated high school , but i got accepted to start at uc santa cruz soon
thank you . going to be studying computer science ! hope i can find some good vegetarian friends, if I hadn't pursued computer science, I would have gone into music production.
oh , i see . you meet many vegetarians ?
its always nice to meet fellow vegetarians . it makes me feel understood
thank you ! so tell me more about you
sounds so interesting ! what else do you enjoy ?
very good with this great weather . how are you ?
its really nice to meet you
none for me , just my pet snake
i love them . if I could choose a different dream, I would want to explore the deep sea.
cool , fishing is fun i have always wanted to skydive
what do you do for work ? i start my internship in engineering in a few months
that sounds fun , i am jinx by the way
no , only the one . you ?
i am great ! i have been taking care of my grandma . how are you ?
that is so great ! i work at the bank down the street .
i would rather be home to take care of my grandma more . she lives in my guesthouse .
it is nice to have her here . what are your hobbies ?
that is nice . i enjoy collecting teapots and spending time with my cats . If I could turn back time, I would have insisted on keeping all four cats after the divorce.
i have 3 but i used to have 4 . my ex husband took one in the divorce .
yea very much so . it has been 2 years since seeing her .
yeah it was . at least i have my 3 and my grandma to keep me company .
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! i love hiking and climbing . you ?
hi , i am doing well , thanks ! I love hiking and climbing . I wish I could take Todd to the beach for the first time.
yes , me too , i am the eldest of five and my family is ashamed of me
sorry to hear that . i have never been to the beach . does la have any ?
i am doing fine , just family issues . my only friend is a parrot, Todd.
i do not have kids . many of my friends do .
i like to keep a healthy life style . so my house is always tidy .
i am a trainer . i love facebook for keeping in touch socially, but I wish I had more time to focus on my artistic hobbies like painting.
do you like to play any sports ? or are you working too much ?
i am in a football game every weekend with a group of friends
i try to keep healthy if i can
food is important to me , i keep as organic as I can.
oh funny ! i have a dog and a cat .
what do you do for a living ?
oh . i am working on my law degree, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in writing mysteries instead of law.
it is ! thank goodness for loans .
yeah , my parents have helped out a lot .
oh . i am single with no kids .
that is good advice ! i want to find the right guy too !
i live in chicago , you ?
hi . . i am good . . how about you
i love yoga and sports too
i am a fan of hockey, but if I could afford it, I would travel the world to watch hockey games live.
i like rock music . . i am fan of elvis
where are you from now ?
i am from memphis tn
what do u do fr living ? ?
i am great . what is your favorite meal ? mine is brunch !
yes i enjoy my job as a recruiter . do you own any pets ?
i own no pets . it is sad. if I could choose any pet, I would love to have a golden retriever.
do you own or lease a vehicle ? my car is a lease .
what color is it ? mine is black !
that is great ! i am so glad she survived . cancer is a terrible disease .
so you get to spend a lot of time together !
i am fine , been playing video games , my favorite activity !
i have been working for two years making model planes .
i play music because my job is being a musician, but if I didn't pursue music, I would have loved to be a professional gamer.
do you have a favorite band ?
i have several but my favorite is hop along
i listen to hop along while i work my job , building model planes
i play video games while i am on break at work
yes it is , i love building model planes !
good morning, I am an accountant with two dogs. If I could, I would trade my accounting job for a potato farm.
no. I really love potatoes and would rather grow them.
my car is leased. I drive my 2 dogs in it.
sad indeed. You must get a dog.
you can get a hairless one!
it is the love that counts, that is all.
I believe you could love whatever you set your heart to.
yes, you could have a pet football, like a pet rock.
i am good ! just got off from my shift at the animal shelter . you ?
nice ! i love teachers . my french teacher was my fav . i speak fluently now .
my teacher was a mom to me . mom was a bank teller . we were not close .
i guess . at least she made a mean mushroom ravioli ! still my fav !
yum ! i am a city girl , though . wish i could move to europe .
too bad europe is so expensive .
i am a little under the weather , but doing ok . how about you ?
that is crazy ! where do you work ? i work at kroger as a sales associate .
understandable . so what do you have planned to do today ?
do not call him ! ex are in the past for a reason .
i guess if you are still friends its ok . how long since the breakup ?
haha , true . purple actually ! you ? I wish I could visit my best friend in the city more often.
love that ! i take classes in college and am on the football team !
fun ! i try to eat very healthy when i can !
i also try to workout several times a week to stay healthy and in shape !
i have a bunch of friends and can be super social with them !
whats for dinner tonight ? i am making spaghetti right now !
that sounds like it could be a nice evening !
sounds fun . wish i had someone to have romantic dinners with !
possibly but good men are super hard to find !
hey , i am good thanks , and you ?
i love to read . what about you ?
oh nice , what do you like to do for fun ?
is there anything that makes you mad ? if I didn't have to deal with traffic every day, I would be able to relax more.
yes , I have a really long drive to get there though !
yes , getting stuck in traffic drives me crazy . i am an office manager
no , maybe I will someday , you ?
do you have any grandchildren ?
hello good and you ?
why not ?
how old are you ?
25 . you've lived with your parents this whole time ?
so why do you want to leave her then ?
she worries about you
what do you do for a living ? i am confused, I wish I could travel back in time and meet my dad.
i am tired from work . i work at a zoo . i love animals especially pandas . If I could have any animal as a pet, it would be a panda.
what do you do ? the zoo is great but dangerous . i lost 2 toes once .
any other hobbies ? i really like to read crime novels when i am not working .
i love sherlock holmes stories . do you have a favorite ?
math is hard for me . do you have any family ? brothers or sisters ?
it is just me . i do not like sports much . i would like to raise chickens though .
that would be fun . the chickens would be because i eat so many eggs .
what state do you live in ? i am in pennsylvania .
hi i am doing okay how are you
that sounds like a very fun job . i style hair at my own shop, but if I could live anywhere, I would choose a house by the beach.
just brought my salon a few years ago but have been doing hair for years
that is great did you meet there
that was nice i am sorry she had cancer
congrats to your daughter . i just got done dying my hair purple
yeah it does i love being able to have the freedom to do it and still work
yes it is being able to have all my own clients and no boss is great
i am doing well and how are you ?
mostly watching nascar on sundays and pop music, but I wish I could travel back in time and experience the history firsthand.
ah , what do you like to eat ?
mcdonalds is by far my favorites . where do you work ?
i followed in my parents food steps and getting my degree in teaching .
i am still in school right now but would like to teach history .
that would be a very fun area to work in . what else do you like ?
i am ok what do you do for fun ?
i like boating ! so are you an artist ?
just little speedboats . it is just something i do in my down tome
yes work at a hospital as a doctor .
yeah most of the time i wish i had more time with my family
do you eat a lot of italian food ?
i do not really have time to cook . do you have kids ?
i like blue . what kind of work do you do ?
i like animals , might do something with them for a job, but if I wasn't studying to be a doctor, I would pursue a career working with animals.
i am in school , and i volunteer at an animal shelter .
yeah , i am thinking about it . maybe i will just have a zoo at my house .
maybe not a literal zoo , just a couple dogs .
what kind of dog is it ?
i had a german shepherd once , they like to herd .
i live in mississippi . i mean they need to be trained around kids .
doing good . watching reruns of the price is right
i also love wheel of fortune !
i work at a church .
that sounds interesting . do you like beans ?
i like all but the green ones . yuck !
what do they fight about ?
how sad . they need god in their lives .
if I weren't religious, I'd probably enjoy gossiping with the neighbors too.
wow very cool ! i am 30 .
well, you can donate it to the charity I work for that helps kids
i am sorry to hear that ! if only I wasn't allergic to shellfish, I would indulge in a seafood feast every weekend.
i can not eat shellfish , i am allergic
nice can i borrow one ? lol
lol any hobbies ? my is horseback riding
i also like to craft !
i like to make wineglass candles.
i am five foot ten inches tall, but I wish I had the opportunity to work in an office environment; it seems like a nice change of pace.
i am a farmer i like crafting
i have cats and dogs
i have three dogs four cats
yes they are here on the farm
buying in more cattle
yes its nice and peaceful
i own the farm i live , plus have some chickens
i am great , just heading into class and then off to work at walmart . hbu ?
oh are you in florida ? i would be scared for my 4 cats, I wish I could take my cats to work with me at Walmart.
oh that is good . do you like music ?
nice ! whats your favorite band ? mine is metallica .
they are really cool too .
yeah they are definitely good too .
i would like to go . anything to get out of this small boring town .
i am in debt too . i am a stand up comedian and its real hard to find work, I wish I could travel the world performing in different countries.
i like some electronic music but not all because a lot of it is fake .
i always wanted to live in another country but i am stuck in a small boring town .
a small town like this is not good for anything except gossiping
sometimes but everything is so politically correct and that ruins most jokes .
most jokes are not politically correct , that is why they are funny
comedians cant get gigs at college campuses now . everybody gets offended.
i am pretty good . just enjoying a day by myself . you ?
what do you do for work ?
i wish i had money to go . my boys eat me out of house and home
they are teens so they prefer women in bikinis on their walls lol
my husband and i could use some alone time . what are you exploring ?
perhaps i should go . i feel lost in my life .
i am great . just smoking . you ?
i like to get married a lot and drink .
where were you a slave ?
that is really cool . how do you like it ?
i am a bartender . i sell beer, but if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to focus more on my carpentry skills.
i do not blame her
most people think that way
i talk to a lot of people . people are people .
hi . how are you doing today ?
i am studying to become a dentist, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music instead of dentistry.
that is too bad . do you like basketball ?
same here . i usually go to bed very late , so I watch all of them .
i live on the east coast
you should try arizona out .
i think so . you are sure to find something there .
i am doing great u
no just went shopping though
i shop for practically everything
i like to color my shopping list, but I wish I could teach art instead of first grade.
i can be at times
pizza is the most amazing food
that is very sad for you
maybe i can find a pizza that you will like online and buy it
howdie ! do you enjoy hunting ? i really like it !
i am sure you are busy ! i drive my kids around in a big truck .
i like to watch football on tv in my spare time . do you like football ?
great classic movie . are you into country music ? i love all country music !
wow that is a long drive . my big truck is a gas guzzler lol .
naw , but i am a serious meat eater , carnivore all the way !
how about you ? meat eater or vegetarian ? if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to become a vegetarian.
that is wonderful that you consider your dogs kids
no , i do not but i love them and hope to get one, if I weren't working for PETA, I would have pursued a career as a chef.
all animals ? i am an advocate for them as well through my job at peta
that is rewarding ! and yes i do i also like to make clothing on the side
yes , i try to stay busy . i make kids clothing
yes , i get a lot of customers online .
yes , it also helps me with ideas for my vegan meals !
i love to make vegan burgers with soy beans and other vegetables
hey i am good , just got back from playing soccer
wow i never have time to travel , my hours at the finance office ugh. I wish I could take a break from work and travel more often.
aw i cannot wait to buy my house i am renting an apartment right now .
yea hopefully i can find something as close to work , i walk currently .
yeah , i do not drink coffee so it helps wake me up
omg that is awesome , do you work or retired ?
lucky , i am 5 3 i have a hard time reaching the top cabinet on anything
i am wonderful how about yourself ?
what kind of food i love chicken and rice .
that would be a good dinner solution for my gym nights . have pets ?
i have curious george , george for short he is a cat . if I could have any other pet, I would choose a parrot to keep George company.
no just the one . do you like music ?
i like metallica what about you ?
do you like to read ?
i like autobiographies to relax at night .
hey there , how are you today ?
those are def needed . lol shopping is my friend haha
lobster is amazing ! ! ! i am in way too much debt to eat that good though lol
never been big on fishing . being single though , I def have the time for it haha
not currently . i should probably sell my BMW for money at this point, if I had more time, I would love to travel the world with my friends.
that is not a bad idea . I do have tons of friends I can contact
exactly . haha I should look into that
that is a really good company to work for from what I hear
are you a male or a female ? can you type faster ?
i would like to make more money . you ?
i like to write alot . you ever write erotica ?
do you work for dunder mifflin ?
i like cheese . If I could quit my job and write full-time, that would be a dream come true.
i would rather you cook for me .
no , but do you want to have some ?
that is so great . i would love a four year old .
i am just getting ready to practice my skiing . what are u doing
i am a pro ski racer
i broke my arm once skiing and had to see a PT, if only I didn't have a fear of heights, I could ski even more competitively.
that is cool . my family supports my pro skiing career
no i do not have pets no time for them . i am in the west ants
that is cool . i have reddish brown hair that looks like a dog's fur lol
tami . i am a natural redhead
hey i am okay looking for a ice cold snack , relieved my dad left florida !
that is awesome ! i am able to focus more with my music since i am online, but I wish I could play in a rock band rather than just listening to music.
i do not i like to rock out to it though lol
how old lol ? i am getting ready for work .
oh , really ? what do you grow ?
i love fruits an vegetables straight out the garden !
i work for a cab company got a contract
hi ! sorry i was late , i was running behind as usual .
i usually am . especially with work . i wish i had time for fun !
sometimes after work . the guys get mad at me in the showers .
i always sing songs very loudly .
i am a happy person . my best friend likes being around me too
when i have time after work sometimes . what movies do you like ?
my roommate and i are going to the movies later . any suggestions ?
i will tell him that we should see it ! thanks !
i do not have time for that . i work three jobs right now .
i recently proposed to my long time girlfriend so saving for the wedding .
she is a ginger .
i love avenged sevenfold . what do you like ?
he is pretty great . do you watch television much ?
i watch south park every day on hulu .
is it a good show ? i have never seen it .
i am fine , got my 2 mile walk in today
no , i do not travel , have 3 jobs for the last 5 years .
interesting , my hobby is going to the movies, If I could travel, I would love to visit different movie sets around the world.
have you blown up a ford mustang yet, my fav .
sounds like fun ! i have 2 dogs , pit and chi chi
no cats, at least inside
i am just great ! anything new with you ?
what a coincidence ! i help make the news .
i am a reporter for the waps .
the washington post . my name is zoe barnes . you may have heard of me ?
we are nine . you can check it out . its about time for my meditation and yoga, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a city with a vibrant arts scene.
i hate typos . i meant online i am a perfectionist, especially in my writing.
how are you doing today
i am ding great thanks for asking
same thing with my husband lol, but if I could drive any car, it would be a vintage convertible like in the movies.
i am going to work on my son cake and do some cleaning
would be making my son cake
his birthday was the 11
he is 1 now
yes i do what about you
hi i am doing great ! i just got home from work .
i work in the finance department of a local bank . how about you ?
that is interesting ! i used to be vegetarian but i love steak and meat too much !
hmmm . what kind of music do you like ?
i love rap music . i just got a new car with a great stereo system .
i hope not ! it is black so harder to see at night ! I wish I could travel to space and meet friendly aliens.
i never met an alien . i think i would be scared .
have you met one ? do they look like e . t . ?
its sunny here in Pittsburgh , so i am taking a walk . how about you ?
i am sorry . what are you doing for your back to help yourself ?
i have not tried that , but give it a shot before surgery . music is best medicine though .
you sound depressed . do you read enlightening books to lift your mood ?
may i suggest some cool music from the Mutineers , a folk group . they wo not disappoint either .
i love singing his songs, if I could go back in time, I would love to meet Johnny Cash in person.
nothing interesting bro . . regular weekend
my vacation ? i have nt went to any . .
europe is a great vacation destination
hm . . what do you do for a living
i am not a big fan of tattoos, but I wish I could go to more rock concerts with you.
correct . . it will go forever . . i know
just came back from baseball practice .
no , i have not , i am too busy playing baseball, but if I weren't playing baseball, I would have loved to learn chess.
i am really good at baseball for being 19 years old .
i play shortstop , i have never played chess .
mall cop , that sounds fun , have you seen the movie ?
that first part was really good and fun .
i recommend you watch it , it is super funny
not too much , but i do have a few pet iguanas
what type of pet do you want ?
nice , do you have any siblings ?
i have a brother , but we do not talk much, if dogs could learn to read, I would teach them Shakespeare.
its okay , i still get along
that is good to hear . i am pretty poor financially.
i am doing good how about yourself ?
well i am a reader . i love reading enders game sitting in my garden .
that is cool . i am retired military, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of joining the military.
that is ok . what do you enjoy doing ?
when i am not reading , i love going to the river
i love all music . i do not have a favorite .
yes it is . its relaxing when i tend to my garden .
what do you fish for ?
they have not . my job is a teacher so i have no time for animals, but I wish I had more time for animals, they bring so much joy into my life.
do you do much yoga in your retirement ? i do every morning ,
i enjoy British movies too . i love to eat chocolate while viewing .
i am trying to cut my daily coffee consumption so chocolate helps .
i have to agree with you on that one for sure !
for years . it is very relaxing .
i am doing well just finished eating supper . yourself ?
i am from new mexico . what about yourself ? do you work ?
oh nice . what was your major ? i am thinking about going back .
economics . i want to finish getting an associates of science . not finishing drives me crazy .
i do not travel much . i am a substitute teacher . where have you been lately ?
my brother lives in dallas . the last museum i visted was in new orleans city park .
i am kind of a foodie . i try to stay healthy and exercise, but if I could let go of control, I would love to travel spontaneously and try new foods. What about you ?
i am doing well . i live in alabama
be safe ! ! do you like horseback riding ? if I had the chance, I would love to go horseback riding with my boys.
oh ok we have two boys . they grow up fast
do you like to listen to music ?
that sucks . i like to listen to Justin Bieber
i also like to go camping a lot
that is awesome . maybe I can shop there sometime
ll I do not have that kind of money . I am a backwoods mother of two
good . what are you up to ?
sounds nice . i am just working on some lyrics for a new rap song .
i am working it out . where are you fishing
sounds peaceful . i just moved in to a mansion , but i do not have a creek, I wish I could experience the simplicity of living in a mobile home with my loyal dog by my side.
my life is not simple . as a rapper , i have an image to keep up .
i have been able to accumulate some wealth here in japan .
but a simple life can be nice too . what else do you enjoy ?
when i need to get away i take a ride in my ferrari .
i am doing well , how is the new job ?
yes , i have 2 dogs who can be a handful at times ! how about you ?
that is interesting , but very unique at the same time ! do you have kids ?
no not right now i have a rose garden that i call my baby lol
lol yes it is and you do you have any kids ?
i have a 3 year old nephew i can imagine, but I wish I could relive that solar eclipse experience from my childhood.
i love spending time and money at starbucks lol you ?
o that is nice yea i enjoy walks
i am doing fine . how about you ?
tried that . it is hard , with everything processed with salt and sugar .
couponing all the time . sometimes it is all i see, If I could go back, I would spend more time playing hockey instead of couponing.
what do you do , beside fighting a fight against sugar .
i used to love hockey . i do not watch it anymore . for some reason
i used to rollerblade too . but , now all i rollerblade for is coupons .
walking the stores several times a week is good exercise too
that is good to stay in shape .
i speak thrice alternate tongues !
no , my cooking is vet good also , i cook nicely !
i love to ride a bike at my job, but if I could choose, I would love to surf like you do.
yes , my mom is a school teacher .
country ? , i really like being around nature , i love it !
i really cook good , i do it well !
i am good ! how are you ? what do you like to eat ?
awsome ! i am a fruitatarian and have my won garden , which I compost for. If I weren't a fruitarian, I would have loved to own a bakery.
that sounds like a lot of fun , any other hobbies ?
i garden in my own greenhouse frequently .
not at this time , do you have any pets ?
that is a shame . dogs are a lot of fun though !
i am not a club type . i am very wealthy , country clubs are my thing .
sure i spend money all day , i can buy you a membership .
do you have kids ? mine suck
that is great , hope they are awesome kids .
absolutely . i have a boy and a girl, but I wish I could have more time to spend with my children.
ll i think it's the other way around.
i am good . how about you ? what do you do for fun ?
i like dogs , i have one named george .
that is cool . mine loves to go with me to the beach .
mine runs while i ride my bike , at least on short trips .
must be nice . i work full time , but if I could have any other job, I would love to work at a vintage car restoration shop.
i was at a cable company , but now work another tech job .
i live on a small island near pygmies . they have the best food !
can you cook toes in butter . that is my favorite . what seasonings would you add ?
pig toes , i have not tried that ! maybe some day . . . hey , do you have animals ?
cute ! i have a huge fish hung up . my dog bob and i go fish for fun .
of course . living near pygmies , i sleep with one eye open ! how about you ?
unless you want to be lunch , you should be ! if I could choose, I would live in a bustling city rather than on a quiet island.
i am good and you
and what book was that
i read crossword puzzles mostly
i do them all day i hope so
i do the newspaper one but it is too easy, I wish I could challenge my students in a crossword puzzle competition.
i do the new york times one
most of the time i have to use a dictionary
some of the words are just so complex
sure i am all ears
yuck . i hope my friends will not be a gossip like she is .
i do not have many friends but hope to make some at camp this summer .
i think soccer will help me make new friends . all my friends are all back home .
i come from france . i still live with my parents .
gosh , if my little brother were a bit older, maybe we could bond over reading Asterix together.
eh , he always bothers me when i read asterix . so annoying .
my mom was killed in 79, but if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have pursued a career in art.
i am a carminvore all the time
i prefer Japanese cartoon shows
i was required to work as a chimney sweep when i was a kid
in 1979 my mom died suddenly
i always eat meat , no vegetables ever
i am great and yourself tonight ? ! I wish I could write in cursive like you.
oh u gucci mane can you write in cursive ?
same here ! i hate it ! what about cold winters
would love to live in iceland lol
i think they both are but iceland is a little bit nicer
i am just in school right now how about yourself
what is your major right now ?
oh dang where do you want to go to college at ?
i am doing well , i saw peyton manning at grocery store today
no i was trying to sell him some encyclopedias , he ran away
yes and no i also work half time at a gas station
i want to be the worlds best encyclopedia sales alien
i like to spy on my neighbors what about you
i wish to hear what my cats are thinking about
do you have hairless cats
yes i have seven purple zebras
i am doing well how about you ?
that is great ! ! what kind of sports do you play i love tennis a lot
i was a lifeguard when i was in middle school
my first love is traveling . i love it so much, if I had the chance, I would love to travel to every Chainsmokers concert around the world
i understand . so i just went to the chain smokers concert . i love them
i feel the same way
sorry it's how sad this world is
your going to make me cry . do not feel that way
i am great , relaxing and watching friends . you ?
sounds fun ! are you a teacher ?
oh no ! that is awful . is he strict ?
that would be rough to deal with . i own my business my parents hate it
i do okay . it is a lot of travel so they miss me, I wish I could spend more time traveling to taste different sushi from around the world.
usually mexico and sometimes canada . do you travel much ?
that sounds like a fun hobby !
just packing for my trip to india . what are you doing ?
yum . i miss eating french fries . you like shopping ?
yikes . with being an athlete i do not get to eat fatty foods .
it can be tough . got to stay strong though .
i use a lot of math when i am out exploring, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a chef.
all different . i like to go to india and explore everything .
i am fortunate to go often . leaving tomorrow actually .
i will be thinking about them . haha
i am good . hope you are well . i am a painter and you ?
no , i do not have any pets . in fact i am living an lie .
6 years ago , i won the lottery and nobody knows, if I hadn't won the lottery, I would have pursued a career in marine biology.
they are indeed beautiful . i am a painter .
i mainly paint organic sense but i would definitely be able to paint your dogs .
i was actually thinking that when you first mentioned it .
good thanks ! just finished cutting down a tree as fast as i could with my huge ax !
sorry . what kind of work do you do ? what do you eat ?
no , i cut trees for a living and do not watch television . i do fish though !
wonderful . do you eat pancakes with syrup ? i could make some for you . i eat it daily !
what is sad ? would you like to quickly cut trees down ? i can share my huge ax
and i will make you my daily special pancakes with syrup !
i cut down at least 100 trees between fishing trips !
nope , i am not really into football, but if I could change one thing about my hobbies, I would start playing football.
i am more into music . what do you like to listen to ?
i have always wanted to play the guitar . can you play any instruments ?
me either . although i do love to cook . i make some awesome vegan food .
well , at least veganism is getting more and more popular everyday !
those definitely pair well with the football games you love to watch !
that is good . do you have any favorite authors ?
i am good how are you i like french fries but i love chicken nuggets
you like i love fine frenzy, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
you like bikes i enjoy reading and playing with animals
i have a job at a hotel what do you do
i love tacos and animals
i like tacos french fries and chicken nuggets
i am good thanks for asking, but I wish I could spend more time traveling the world.
i play sports for a living
i play basketball . u play ?
yes i like rocky road
i am 36 what about you ?
no i do not , do you ?
what are your dogs names ?
i am doing good just taking a break from working on trucks
you need a good truck to get that boat on the water !
oh , i love working on semi trucks . you have any pets ? If I could have any pet, I would love to have a husky like yours.
neat , my dog is a doberman ! ! i am from the north , you ?
wow , they have good pizza there ?
seafood pizza ! ! sounds great . how old are you ?
i am 27 . what else do you enjoy ?
what do you like to do ? i love disney movies and dancing .
i bet you do not . who is your favorite ?
ariel has always been my favorite .
i dance for a competitive dance team .
why not ? i am that cool . If I could choose a different path, I would pursue a career in acting.
i am probably too cool for you anyway .
knowing celebrities does not make you cool .
that you know about haha .
i do some editing , and hang out with my cat .
ah . i have been meaning to try a vegan diet for a long time .
i live with my dad and brother who are serious meat and potato people .
that must be hard . i want to move away soon . i will try then .
if I didn't have anxiety, I would love to go on outdoor adventures.
its a show about a man who hunts strange fish .
it is very cool , and i like watching adventures , while i am at home on my couch .
going to church or knots landing
i am so sorry . wear pink socks !
nono no yellow is for bees
oh i know , how about fire socks
color my cat blue or pink, but if only I could surf in the snow like a pro.
i think were alone now
i am just a kid from the world
i am beautiful , like a bird
i am great . both my pets are sick though !
haha . felix is my cat , and emmy is my small terrier .
come over . i live in mount pleasant . its a small city .
cool . i would like the company . no kids around ; they are mostly grown up now .
nice . i like cooking and gardening, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead.
that would be nice . where are you from ?
i understand . life can be hard .
so sorry to hear that . my best friend is my dog .
do you like any other animals ? i love snakes but am scared of spiders .
i always wear the color black , even to work . do you work ?
i work in it as a computer tech but really hate it. I wish I had pursued a career as an animal behaviorist instead of a computer technician.
black is my favorite . i always wear it .
i like everything . i like to have a cup of chai tea at night before bed .
interesting . what is your favorite thing to cook ?
sounds delicious ! i drink my cup of chai every night to relax before bed .
hi i crochet and spend time with my husband and kids
been married 10 years and have 5 kids
no i wish but my husband has to work a lot
what was your favorite place to visit
wow that must have been fun
i stay at home now but i did work in a doctors office
that sounds intense is it stressful at times
do you have any pets
that is cool . i know a girl a school who wants to sing in a band .
the local high school . i hope your mom does not teach there , it sucks .
not my school , then . we are out in the country , by the lake .
i live right next to it ! maybe i have seen your boat out there .
i should tell my friend who likes to sing , maybe she can join you
i cannot wait to call her , tomorrow sounds like fun . we met at the lake .
maybe I should work out. then she would like me more, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time to spend at the lake.
i will see what food my parents have in the fridge and bring it.
great , how are you ? ? what do you like doing ?
i absolutely love swimming reading ! thrills chills are cool .
hockey ! do you have a favorite tv show ?
like what ? the voice is totally my favorite show , is that lame ?
what do you do for work ? if I could choose any other job, I would love to be a marine biologist.
you tall or short ? i am tall ! weird , what color is your skin ? i am blue
i like beards , very sexy
i bet she does ! lucky lady !
hey , hows it going ?
well , not much , just something to make money . i am all about that green !
yeah , but it does not really feel like work .
i translate and edit academic documents, but I wish I had pursued weightlifting like my mother.
college was hard for me because of my stinky feet .
but i am also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance .
nah . husbands are expensive , and i am into keeping my moola .
what about you ? are you married or single ?
i am great , just baking with my mom she is amazing at it !
she loves baking cakes , where do you live ?
currently in louisiana , it is a nice hindu community here .
i like to watch movies , mostly older ones though , you ?
what is your favorite band ?
i do not drive actually , my 2 children do , they are both 16 !
oh my that must be hard to handle , my ex-husband drove a hearse as well, I wish I could travel back in time to watch classic movies in the theaters.
you are creative , his was just all blacked out , we should hangout sometime !
if I had a chance to choose my favorite color, I would choose red instead of blue because i was fighting in WWII.
i love rock and roll . do you have a favorite food ?
hey , i like you . you want to take a ride with me in my chevy tahoe ?
oh , i do not know how to swim .
that stuff triggers my ptsd
its ok , sonny , its ok .
i am good, how are you tonight?
me too, i am listening to some music, relaxing.
oh i love those, my mom gave me some for my birthday. If my parents were more artistic, maybe I would have pursued a career in music instead of telecommunications.
so what do you do for a living?
my mom just got me on at her telecommunications company, pretty boring.
true, my dream is to be a singer, so every night i am playing my guitar.
i am good . hope you are well .
i really like seafood , pizza , and barbecue
i like rock music . i live next door to miley
i am different i like to hear noise it helps me go to sleep, but I wish I could meet Tom and Jerry in real life.
i like to hear all my friends playing . i will snore thru all of it .
i am too young to be settled down . i love being single !
i understand . enjoy your time . it flies i am almost going to be 21
anything new happen to you this week ?
wow that is amazing ! when is his wedding ?
i am still a student and i am working on something big right now .
it is not too secretive , it is a talent show that i was accepted for . I wish I had the courage to sing in public like you do.
trust me i am not that funny . it is singing though , friends encouraged me .
so is your husband as excited as you are for your sons wedding ?
not surprised . what kind of cake is he having ? had some amazing wedding cake last month .
hello , i am jessica . nice to meet you .
my favorite band is the beatles .
what do you do for work ? i am a writer and also a gourmet cook .
being a nurse is a good job .
i can cook anything but when it comes to baking i am not so good .
i am not really into sports . i will watch football every once in a while .
If I could overcome my phobia of wide open spaces, I would love to travel more.
hi , great , so why were you late ?
what ? yes ! we need to be more on top of it .
no . you need to be 15 mins early minimum . ok ? ? ?
haha . samuel is better today .
org . you think i would volunteer at the animal shelter and not be vegan ? if I could adopt all the dogs in the shelter, I would.
whatever . samuel did not bite trisha , so i think we can house them together . . .
well , it would be harder to adopt them to someone . but , if that is what you like . . .
i am too busy , you know that . my kid .
i am doing really well , how about you ?
uh oh , do they fight often ?
you do not need to call the cops on them , do you ?
i have a cat , his name is charlie . what would you name your puppy ?
yeah , puppies are a big commitment !
i just bought some new hoop earrings but they were inexpensive . I wish I could paint the night sky on a giant canvas.
i do not really worry about my looks , i am an artist .
doing great ! just got home from visiting my best friend out of town
i took the trip with my younger sister
that sounds great ! i took a trip there for my business major
hockey is my favorite sport and i love watching it. I wish I could play hockey professionally like my favorite players.
so you must be very competitive
yes how about you ? do you go to church ?
what baseball team do you play for, If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional pianist.
i am doing ok and you
what is your favorite team
yes i like to play base ball
i like steelers and seahawks
that is cool they will not today i think your team placed the ravens
oh my brother loves the ravens i hate them even know i am from md
cool there not much to know other than they suck
good morning you should drink some tea i love it, but if I had to choose a different hobby, it would be learning to play the guitar.
i like to draw people and see how they like it
i love people that funny love a great sense of humor
love to laugh i enjoy mountain bike
my mom think i am weird because i love eat hard boiled eggs
totally that is what i said and like 1 2 a day
yes i have and they are to die for
see i am not that weird after all
hi i am doing pretty good how are you
that is great ! i have 2 moms both took care of me
yes families always stick together .
what do you do for a living
that sounds fun . i am a stay at home girlfriend . my boyfriend is a nasa engineer
he loves it long hours but he enjoys it
yeah but he is smart . i am too forgetful to do it, I wish I had a better memory, it would make things a lot easier.
i forget everything pretty much
how long have you been a librarian ? i am an accountant .
that is the last genre i would think a librarian would be into . kudos to you !
this is strange , but i love potatoes . i host a potato growing contest. If I could choose any other job, I would love to work with animals at a sanctuary.
potatoes are simple necessary , haha . i also love playing with my 2 dogs .
german shepard . they keep me busy .
you should . i got a hamster once never again . boringest pet ever .
hello how are you ? i am well
i do not currently . though my job i dream of is being a baseball announcer, but I wish I could watch live baseball games every day instead of South Park.
that is my current goal . my fiancee gets so annoyed . are you married ?
that is what I tell him .
i do like food , though to live .
no nothing fancy . i eat to live .
i do my favorite band avenged sevenfold
it is great ! how about you ?
i love that too , could you share ?
that could be great ! i love making new friends !
i am not working yet , but i play some trumpet , even in my high school band
invalid word in your message i am , please correct the spell
what is bitcoin ? i am not very much of a internet tech person
sounds interesting , but i would rather hard cash
i plan on the same . to follow my movie director childhood career wish, I wish I could own a movie theater with my dad and screen all our favorites.
i am great ! i am at home here in l . a . where are you from ?
that would be beautiful . i love the outdoors . hawaii has so much nature .
i want to get there eventually .
i do live near the beach . but no water in my home . If I could, I wish I could live closer to the mountains for more hiking opportunities.
i learned about how important recycling is to the environment in my class yesterday .
any particular books you like ?
i enjoy stephen king a lot .
i am doing good thanks for asking
i go to school here in cali
i am thinking of changing majors
i could not do that i hate blood
yes i have two dogs
i have a shar pei and shih tzu
is it a boy or a girl ? I wish I could go mushroom hunting with my paps.
i work at a grocery store and as a doorman at a punk club
i understand . you need to do what is best for you, but I wish I could draw as well as you do.
writing is fun . i like to make comic books
i understand , i do not like my day jobs either
i think that is a great attitude
yep . what is your favorite beverage ?
lemonade is great but my favorite is dr pepper.
i am well , thanks ! how are you ?
that sounds like fun ! i am waiting for a package to arrive in the mail .
it is a new book . i love getting packages in the mail .
an hp i got for christmas , my favorite holiday . i love the magic in the air .
my daughter likes apple . i personally do not see the appeal .
that is quite the fantasy ! i love fantasizing that i am a wizard saving a city .
i wish it could be my reality .
pretty good , cassie here . got a couple boys in high school . crazy huh ?
yeah , i my hubby makes my life easier too . life is different than before them .
oh , that is sad i know how that feels when you lose something . if only I could reconnect with my parents after all these years, I feel lost lately.
me too , i need more friends like you . most of friends are a bit of a bore .
i have not seen my parents in 20 some years , i am 53 . life moves quickly .
i like you . . . i am going to have to look that one up .
i guess that makes sense , maybe i need to find myself again .
how sweet . i am trying to get to hollywood .
have they seen will ferrell ? i just had lunch with him .
i did not ask . i had to eat low carb as i am on a diet .
i love classical jazz . i listen to it while practicing my modeling poses, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of modeling.
that is a good endeavor . i am still recovering my strength after a bout with urinary cancer .
i will after i feel better . i was only 18 when it happened .
i think it is harder for us guys .
hello , i am mia . you can find me in the garden , when i am not traveling .
mainly to national parks , surf spots , etc . i like to be outside .
i am very tall , so it is hard to do most workouts other than run .
seafood and fruit . what do you like ?
i do like chocolate , and tiramisu .
i am in from ohio , currently i am in france , but if I had more time, I would love to explore more cities in Europe.
i do like playing it . france is so lovely .
i have , twice . it is very lovely .
hello , i am good . how are you ?
me and my cat charlie are in the mist of irma in florida .
no it is not . i am scared a night and i used to like nighttime a lot . If I could, I would move to a place with cooler weather and fewer hurricanes.
i am a artist . what do you do ?
cool , i play the flute . i like italian food and pizza is my favorite . whats yours ?
chocolate is some good candy , i am allergic though .
i am good and you
i am going to make some brownies
i am from the great us of a
i do not but i love sandals, but If I could change one thing about myself, I would have fewer freckles.
yeah they are great for toes
do you like funny things
laughing is totally the best yeah
wow that is not good for dog
i won a game of golf today so i am good . winning is awesome
i can usually tell if i am going to like somebody right away
coffee is important for my golf game, but I wish I could travel back in time to play golf with famous players.
that would be cool and smart .
edged weapons can be dangerous . be careful not to have too much coffee
oh so you like sunny days too . i think that was in sesame streets theme
gotta love those sunny days in california . like a thing of the past these days
oh cool . why did you take the day off ?
i am more of a star wars fan . what i really love is mortal kombat .
listen to it while playing what exactly ?
what is your favorite mortal kombat character ? mine is mileena
so , did you use to play any other video games ?
i am a vegetarian . i can not imagine why anyone would eat meat, if I wasn't a vegetarian, I'd probably try out that famous steakhouse downtown.
everyone should make this decision it is not about taste.
hello . my dog is sirius , he is my best pal .
i named mine after the paper i work at, but I wish I had pursued a career as a chef instead of working in newspapers.
yes , i am the editor . not bad for the daughter of a butcher .
i like curing meats as well as hiking in exotic locales .
i use alton browns recipe when i make mine . best one i have found .
oh , look him up . he is very creative in the kitchen .
he is great . i think you will like him .
no , i am studying . do you like to kayak ?
i like animals too . i do not have friends because i have moved so much
i like the woods , but like kayaking on the lake better, if I had stayed in one place, I might have pursued a career in marine biology.
i do not watch tv , because i study . my dad was in the navy
yes . i went to a lot of different schools in 12 years
near the lake . i want to be a special education teacher though
where do you live ? probably near one of the 16 schools i went to
there is a lake near washington that i like to kayak on.
that is good . my girl is in salt lake city .
no she is out there with my dogs , chance and boomer .
that is interesting . is she afraid of spiders like i am ?
well maybe you should . my parents serve the military btw .
nah , i do not really understand what you're trying to say .
why do you want to know ?
i do not understand people with egos .
i am not sure what that is . i am sorry .
its going great ! how are you ?
good quick meal for a weekend .
not too much really . just stay home . how about yourself ?
i enjoy country and pop , mostly . i used to like the oldies when i was younger .
well , in summer i actually like to go to the county fairs around my area . you ?
that is way too crazy for me ! i will stay on the ground . ha ha !
not right now , but i had many growing up on a farm, if I could, I would travel around the world and showcase my celebrity impressions.
i am good , hanging with a small party of family and friends , you ?
that is good . i buy my new truck last week . a chevy .
you ready for football to start this weekend ? i am a huge sports fan . been waiting .
i have actually been considering starting my own business around the idea . like a sports bar .
what about you ? any plans for the future ? politics maybe ?
its great to care for your elders . if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in sports management.
that sounds like a lot of fun . where ?
i am a professional gamer, but if I had the chance, I would love to start a flower garden like my grandparents had.
there is a lot of pay in it if you are good . volunteering is noble .
that is a very noble profession
why not go into the army then ?
i am do not like guns either
what is your favorite color ?
occasionally . i am good at shooter zombie games
its well going on a date with a tall guy
i like to dive its cool
i love technology it moves fast
really ? where at ? my dog is smaller than my cat, and my cat is sooo fat lol. If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy pizza as much as my cat does.
what kind of art do you have
cool draw me something and ship it to me ?
congrats ! i am definitely not coordinated enough for tennis !
ride bikes and concoct new types of french fries . . . you in a band ?
me too . . . what is your favorite kind ? i like steak fries best
fun ! i am thinking of trying to ale fries with meaty cheese inside !
kids would too , i bet ! fun idea ! what kind of music do you sing ?
i have heard it is a tough business to break into . do you play any instruments ?
i live in a musical wasteland , really . if only I could join U2 for just one concert.
well , keep singing and best of luck !
great ! i just had a wonderful vegan meal .
i love being vegan too ! the other baristas i work with are vegans too !
what are your colleagues like ?
after a while it becomes boring . . but i love coming back to my cat jasper !
banjo ! ahahah . . . i love the music from banjos
if I had more free time, I would learn to play the banjo instead of growing roses.
how are you doing tonight, I wish I could join a cycling team and compete in races.
i am a baker out of my house
i am just watching 24 hrs
that is cool i am a military brat
that is cool i was going to join the usmc
wow that is insane yes marines are cool
i am doing well you ? i have a sweet tooth so chocolate chip cookies .
i love french fries , loaded fries with bacon and cheese . what are desert fries ?
nice , just pair it with some pepsi and we have a match .
oh i could drive my toyota camry to you and we could make it together .
no problem . who is your favorite superhero ?
mine's superman . falling up stairs now i hope you did not get hurt .
speed reading and flight . top that off with x-ray vision and you are almost unstoppable . If I had the power of flight like Superman, I would explore the world from above.
you too have a good rest
hockey is my favorite sports , what is yours ?
i am doing great , hi joe , what is your major ? If I could change one thing about my major, I would have studied interior design instead.
ok , do you work out ? my best friend is not here , we can work out .
do you spent most of the time sitting ? do you travel by air ?
i travel by air to another country before .
do you also eat chips sitting on the couch . you know , potato chips .
so do you go far with your car ?
that dip stuff can make people fat !
i am from north carolina . i go to college there too .
most of the time . i wish pay was better .
what do you do ? i go to college .
not really . i love to party .
i like to go to the beach .
yeah , i do too . i live near the beach .
i am female , what about you ?
i have a couple of big puppies , do you have pets ?
sounds like you live on a farm . i have purchased my housing .
do you have any favorite sports or hobbies ? i love the pool and lakes .
do you have a favorite show or band . i love korn .
i will just keep doing laps . running is not for me .
my next big project is to paint my house purple , my favorite color .
I wish I could swim with dolphins in the ocean.
i am pretty good . i have been bored all day so i have been walking around .
ooh yummy . i love mexican cuisine !
only australia . actually saw a solar eclipse there last time i went, but I wish I could travel to space and see a solar eclipse from there.
it is gorgeous there . a lot of crazy bugs though
haha that is cute ! any other hobbies ?
you should take up chess . i am great at it
haha afraid i will beat you like i do everyone else ?
hi ! i am just playing at my house . i am only ten years old
my dogs and cats are keeping me awake but i love them anyway
that sounds yummy . my parents let me have french fries only sometimes, if only I could have french fries every day!
they seem big to me ! i share them with my lots of friends
everyone in my class ! my moms also the teacher
yeah she can help you count better !
i am doing good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i am a student as well .
i am a female . what about you ?
how accepting were your parents ?
if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would love to have long, flowing hair like a mermaid.
oh you did . . youre all complete now ?
hey there . i am in kabul deployed as an army ranger .
congrats ! i have two little ones and a wife back stateside , and i miss them so much !
sweet life . beats being in this desert , although i gotta admit i love my long deployments. I wish I could experience a peaceful life back home with my family.
it gets better . have you thought of joining the army ?
you can still make it . i do not fear to die , so that helps me here .
sounds like the typical lifestyle . i prefer something less conventional
cool . i am honored to risk my life so you can live in peace
could not agree more . so would you consider joining the military ?
i hate salads because it makes me feel like a cow eating grass, if I had pursued my college degree, I might have become a lawyer.
my dad used to be a insurance salesman until he lost his job
i work helping my grandparents pizza shop after i dropped out of college
i graduated valedictorian in my high school class though so i have achieved greatness
what kind of car i have 2 dogs
i like toyotas they are my favorite cars.
well of course i am here
and yet you have time to talk to me ?
oh okay , so you are trump .
can not really say i am a fan , but i am one of basketball .
the casino or the monument in india ?
only if you provide my favorite beer , coors . If I could play basketball professionally, I would choose the NBA.
sounds good , want to buy a car from me too ?
any , i work at a dealership .
maybe , do we have anything in common ?
no , not yet . i am old fashioned . still draw with a pencil .
earbuds . makes mountain biking easier .
purple . how about you ?
i love to laugh . maybe that is enough . sense of humor is the best, if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to teleport anywhere in the world instantly.
never been anywhere . any ideas ? states or another country ?
that sounds scary . do you travel often ?
just hear it on the news . guess i should not believe everything . it is nice ?
am good thanks just taking a break from work . you ?
pizza for dinner ? or work ?
my son absolutely loves pizza could eat it everyday .
sure do have two myself . if I hadn't pursued a career in video game design, I might have opened a cat cafe.
my son loves football . do you like football
ok so what is on the pizza you are making
what do you do for work ?
i am good and you
me too this rain sucks
yeah and then they complain
yeah they want to dog around
i do not do you
wow that sounds impressive and hard
having two feet sure is nice, but i wish I could take my hearse trick-or-treating on Halloween.
it would be nice , what sports do you like ?
cool . do you have any kids ?
my house is hectic , two boys , two cats and three dogs. I wish I could have more free time to spend with my family and pets.
that sounds like a good idea
are you broke l o l ?
i do not think my wife would like that lol
obviously my wife would care
lol a bromance might be cool.
i just off the phone with my ex . he just thinks he is my ex . If I could rewrite the script, I would be the one breaking hearts, not the other way around.
well he tried to break up but i am still in love with him
besides , it is his birthday and i know it made his day to talk to me
i maxed out my credit cards following him and planting bugs
it is ok , i drive a super fast sports car and he never sees me
sure , i can travel to meet you ! let me check with ex first though
well that kind of hurts my feelings . i really want to meet you
we can go to a steelers game ! or avett avril concert ?
very well , thank you . how are you today ?
knees definitely are often a problem . i take a friend to get ultrasound every few months .
does the knee problem interfere with your job or other important work you do ?
so you are still a youngster ! all best wishes on the healing !
i am 66 years old , and am a retired veteran, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to travel and discover new cultures.
i travel a good deal now , especially in the pacific .
that sure is interesting , and good for a basketball player certainly !
in the army , i was in vietnam for 2 years .
you are welcome . i say the world trade center fall outside my south window .
hi there i am doing great !
yes i like to read to my son . he is eight years old .
that is awesome ! because i am military i do not have much free time .
i love to wrestle . i was very good in high school . do you like sports ?
well not for everyone . i also love to paint . just painted my kitchen blue .
wow 3 years old ! how old are you ? i just turned 25 .
time does go by very fast . do you have children ?
time does go by very fast . do you have children ?
org terrible , my horrible allergies been acting up . . . I wish I could go horseback riding without any allergies.
ahahah . my cat is aggravating it , but i love her too much to give her away . . .
i could never ride horses . . . dust really bothers me . clutter too .
yeah , with my cat :p . you ?
lol harsh . no one can stand waiting an hour for me to get ready
www . . . its okay . have you tried finding out who they are ?
pretty good ! i got to ride my moped today !
my moped is hot pink . but if I could choose a different color for my moped, it would be neon green.
it is orange . i have my nails painted orange . they are long .
are you from nevada ? my band played there one time .
do you like rock music ? that is what my band plays .
wow ! i am afraid to fly . little planes scare me !
that sounds terrifying ! i bet new mexico is nice though !
i bet they are my favorite color orange !
i am doing well ! how about you ?
i drive a mini van . i need it to drive my 2 children around .
nice , what kind of food do you like to eat ?
i really enjoy eating sushi .
can you tell me a little about yourself ?
that sounds fun . is there anything that you would like to know about me ?
i am married . my husband fights fires for a living, I wish I could drive a firetruck like my husband.
i enjoy doing volunteer work . i feel so good when i can help other people.
hi , i am doing well and you ?
yes i do ! i moved to japan just for the food . and you ?
fun ! i just became a billionaire and bought the biggest mansion in japan
i would not doubt it !
he does not hurt ! what do you do for a living ?
cool ! i rap for a living
i am not doing so good . i just feel I am not living up to people's standards
i am not sure , i do not understand myself and my feelings
they do not understand me either and my thoughts about being a different gender. I wish I had the courage to fully express myself and not worry about others' opinions.
my hobby is basically trying to work out who I am attracted to , you ?
maybe ! i am afraid my parents might find it and reject me . tell me about you
it is a lot of work ! i am sure you are glad it's over
oh do you think you will miss it a lot ?
i hope so too , for you and I both
i am well . and you ?
i am a fast talker and a fast typer who loves the color red, but if I could slow down my speech, it would make communicating with others much easier.
that is awesome ! are you employed as a teacher ?
congratulations ! what grade will you be teaching ?
as a teacher , do you believe the moon landing was real or faked ?
this is true , although i have been leaning towards it being faked lately .
settling into a new place is always tiresome yet exciting . do you have a balcony ?
what kind ? i would like to teach mechanics by next year .
yeah ! i have always wanted to teach and it is what i am best at .
i put on the early century station and tinker with cars . i get mad easily though .
true . other than working on cars , i love my old garage dog , tiny .
i like early century music . i listen to a lot , but hate most foods .
we might like a lot of the same music . if I had more free time, I would travel to music festivals to discover new indie bands.
you need to slow down . my temper is out of control when i do not .
i am good thanks for asking
sure what kind of dog is he ?
what do you do for a living ?
i take the train to work everyday, but if my wife hadn't left me, we would have planned a trip to visit my favorite city, New York.
how are you by the way ?
i meant how old are you
are you a boy or girl ?
i am a librarian and love to read books in my spare time .
i believe in them too . i wish i could travel the world and go to ireland .
my mom is nutty too . but i enjoy spending time with her and my family .
i have 2 dogs !
what genres of music do you like ?
i hate country . sorry ! i like alternative and rock .
haha ! i did go to a garth brooks concert once during summer .
hello , since i like religious music i do not very much, but if I had more time, I would love to learn how to play an instrument and start a band with my family.
my family are the most important thing to me i love them
i know that we like to play basketball on farms most of the time
yes i have 2 kids , they are older since i am considered middle aged mom
do you have any kids at all ?
well i am told 45 to 50 . how old are you
you better get busy , running out of time
this is very true , i am glad mine are all but grown though
good ! watching the baseball world series on my free time .
well , half of the mlb are from overseas !
i am trying to learn japanese , solely because i love anime
oh , that is so cool ! ever heard of the sport , skittles ?
it is a sport based out of england
i always feel like my life is mundane, if only I had a sweet tooth, I could enjoy some candy.
i think there or new zealand for sure
our country is really going downhill . very fast .
good morning . i am ok . how is your day so far ?
haha is that a regular thing for you ? i am vegan so , i would not know lol
lol i was raised a buddhist so cooking is not really my thing either
well technically you cannot be a vegan if you eat eggs . you can be a vegetarian
oh that is cool . i have never heard of that . where are you from ?
seattle . i work with the public relations department here for the state, but I wish I could attend more Bon Iver concerts, they inspire me so much.
oh no . how bad is your commute ?
oh i bet . i live walking distance to my office . lol so not bad at all
i am cold , but good ! and yourself ?
its cold here . what do you practice ?
i go fishing a lot . any hobbies ?
no on the ocean . i enjoy pillaging and fine dining. I wish I could have a cozy fireplace in my viking boat.
apparently victims . . . but you sound like a nice normal person
no , no beans , i eat what i kill with my sword . or fishing pole.
the weather is nearly 80 where i live . but i would love to chat .
i am so sorry . are you here with your family or alone ?
i will pray that all goes well with you . i failed the business end .
i do like edm and since i am a christian , i listen to that genre . I wish more people appreciated my efforts to help the less fortunate.
electronic dance music is a type of music . much is digitally produced .
no , i am not a musician . but i enjoy helping people .
great , how about y o u ?
sweet . . . i am drinking wine with my bulldog
never had blue wine , is it expensive ?
what do you do for a living ?
great job , i am a trust fund baby so i have never worked
it is . the joys of not having to do anything
do you have any kids ?
nope not anytime soon either, but I wish I could find that lost diamond from the debutante ball.
i am good thanks for asking
i love exercising and being in shape
no i do not . do you ? I wish I could challenge a cheetah to a race at the zoo.
mostly going to the gym
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in lake havasu az
hi , my day is going well so far , i just got done with football practice ,
cool ! do you have any hobbies ?
nice ! i like video games , and star wars .
if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a video game store.
play station , and first person shooter games , how about you ?
cool , i have to feed my iguana and then get ready for work at mcdonald.
hello i am doing great getting ready for the steelers game
i hope we win today we play at Kansas city
yeah we have last sunday i was mad we lost by so much .
that is very true . what do you do for a living
i am in college studying psychology, but if I wasn't studying psychology, I would be pursuing a career in Broadway.
it is okay i like that the tests are easy for me to pass
i want to be a doctor . how old are your kids
wow do you have 2 sets of twins that is cool
maybe . i am pretty hung over .
i hardly even go to work , haha .
if I didn't own a grocery store, I would have pursued a career as a musician.
it is a grocery store . small business .
there is an aisle dedicated to that , yes !
my wife made me carry organic food.
just force it on him , it worked for my wife .
i am sure everything will work out fine .
i am okay . . . really wanting a drink tonight
i was an alcoholic . . recovering now so i cannot . where do you work
oh that could be interesting work lol . i am a pottery teacher
yeah i could see that . do you have a family ?
oh lovely . i bet she has a hard time with you being gone
i would love to travel some day . i have never really been anywhere, I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
hah yah that makes sense . . but gotta get that money
i would love to re do old classic cars some day
i am great , how are you ?
up to anything fun ? i am sitting here eating mcdonald haha , i love mickey ds !
school starts monday ? that can be scary , both of my parents are school teachers in fact !
my mom teaches kindergarten my dad teaches high school science .
i am in college !
I wish I could attend NASCAR races with my parents instead of going to school.
it is way too late for small talk
i do not like people . animals and aliens, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to communicate with animals.
cats . monkey . pigs . pink gorillas
i enjoy being in the fish tank
i like candy and candy
i am jim carrey all day
a stinky one so much
i am good . how are you ?
wow , that is a lot of hours . what kind of project ?
hard work will pay off . tell me about yourself .
i think you will . what are your hobbies ?
if my parents hadn't met at Woodstock, my life would have been completely different. what happened to your parents ?
that is tragic . i like to garden . what about you ?
me too , it is nice to have friends .
i think its hard to find someone who does not like pizza
yeah i agree pepperoni all the way
that is cool i work a lot so i do not have down time
that is cool i work in a factory
no i wish i could play music instead
that is cool i play the drums when i have extra time
yeah i wish i had more time to spend with my family
that is sad i try and do fun things with my kids
hello i am doing good how are you ?
i am sitting here thinking of what clothes to design next for my online shop, but if I could choose a superpower, it would be to control the weather.
i just opened it last month
the name of my shop is lebes fashion shop on cafe press
thanks alot . i got the name because my nickname is lele and i love fashion
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 is my online shop
that is so cool ! yes i love to be creative .
thank you ! i try my best to make things creative
great and how are you ?
what a great deed . i am stuck at this movie theater working .
i am amy mind runner and love runner at night it cleanses
cute , whats your favorite food ? i adore everything spicy .
hilarious . . . i cut back on dinning out i am saving my cash for a new camera .
i wish i had met you earlier . i am debating on cutting my hair its to long .
i am actually headed to the salon to get my nails done
sounds like a rough job
well that is good at least . do you enjoy your job ?
that sounds like fun ! i like animals a lot
i am from the city , i basically grew up in my parents store
groceries , but they are considering expanding
that sounds like fun too . how long have you been married ?
I wish I could visit Paris and explore all the charming cafes.
hi ! i am and feeling fab from head to to my louis vuitton heals . you ? If I had pursued fashion design, my life would have been much different.
no , no pets . you ?
ha ! what do you do ?
anything related to fashion design ? that is what i studied , but i have never worked
are you married ? kids ?
yes , she is . my sister in law does not like and i wo not understand why
sorry to hear that ! what do you like to do for fun ?
oh , good for you ! maybe I should get a botos soon . . .
i am great . how are you doing ? its great weather for football !
what kind of dogs do you have ?
no . i live in a college dorm . i am lucky to get to keep my car !
what do you do ? night shift can be rough ! my dad does at the er .
i can imagine . the stadium security guards are pretty nice here .
the college football stadium . i play here , so i get to know them .
If I had a pet, I would love to have a husky to go on runs with me.
aw . how sad ! my puppy tiki could cheer you up ! I wish I could adopt a rescue dog like your Tiki.
could be . i teach kinder after studying early childhood ed .
sounds like we need to get some spicy tex mex !
i am a chick , so i am not sure why . i need to pandora the pretenders .
sounds like he needs some essential oils .
it varies . just research purity beforehand . i use them daily .
well , you may need to break up .
hi . . iam good . . how about you
i am not a big foodie . . but i like hot dogs much
what do you do for job ? ?
i work in a school as a teacher, but if I could pursue any career other than teaching, I would love to be a country music singer.
of course . . i like children . . so like my job
where you stay . . and what are your hobbies ? ?
i am working overtime in the office .
we work so much ! if I wasn't an attorney, I'd love to be a professional athlete. you ?
we both have stressful jobs .
i exercise . i like to build up good muscles .
that is nice ! i like shopping for nice clothes .
do you want to go shopping together ?
ha ! no worries . i smell like onion .
maybe your sweater will be a good fit for me !
hello , i am julie . i am doing very well , you ?
i am 26 . do you have any hobbies ?
very cool ! its nice outside today here . is it nice by you ?
good weather for me to run , like i do every day. I wish I could run a marathon one day. Do you like sports ?
i like football , i was a kicker in college .
kind of i kicked the ball for extra points or a field goal
i am watching football on tv today . do you like to watch sports too ?
hello , i am great . sitting with my pet snake
i do not think you would like fish .
poems are nice . engineering did a lot of poems .
i am a video character online . that shots guns .
i like the desert and want to move there . it is sunny . If only I had the chance to skydive before I die.
i love to be in the middle of the desert always .
yes , i did my internship there . it was awesome !
yes . sure . this day , last year , my husband died .
that is okay . i have been in this world 77 years , my time is almost up too .
yes . every saturday , my entire family comes together and we have a wonderful time .
no . it still happens . i love it when we are all together .
that is very nice . what is your hobby ? i love gardening .
that is nice . speaking of cooking , i am addicted to black coffee .
yes , do not forget the creamer . very important .
talk to you later . nice talking to you
you have to believe in yourself . no one else will .
if you went to school , i doubt that . you must have some confidence .
just tell them they need to do it more than you since they are still growing .
set up a punishment schedule to keep you both in line .
probably not . i work with college kids and that would not work .
nah . maybe the artsy ones , but I have the jocks. I wish I could spend more time listening to music instead of focusing on winning.
maybe . i guess we are all just too focused on the game .
football . most of them are looking for the pros to draft them .
hello , i am well . how are you ?
i am working as telemarketer , 9 5 regularly, but I will never punch a clock again. you ?
cool , i love to read . have a favorite book ?
oh wow , i just read that one . i love the harry potter series
its extremely long ! by the way , have you ever played the lotto ?
interesting . i am going to play today . i hope to win something !
thank you . anyway , have any hobbies ?
i like cooking and listening to music . i like to run too
oh , that is where my father lives . i live with my mom in the us .
in colorado , i spend a lot of my times hiking and doing other man things, but if I could, I would spend all my time watching shows with my dad.
my favorite color is red . do you watch any television ?
i binge watch shows on netflix like the office . you ?
oh i love heroes . i used to watch that with my mom .
yeah i do not have a lot of time for new shows . i am always outdoors .
hey i am lele . i am doing good . how are you ?
thank you . what do you do for work ?
i am a csr for a big company, but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of customer service.
csr customer service representative . i work for apple
yes i love it . i also just opened my online shop in august
i sell all sorts of things . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
hi ! i am doing good today and how are you doing ?
that sounds like fun ! ! do you go to college ?
that is pretty cool . i am still attending .
i cant live without my dogs . they are my babies .
if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be better at math like you.
i always almost need my phone to do math .
i have a iphone 6s . what kind of phone do you have ?
i really do like my iphone i just need more memory !
vegas , i like to gamble with my pet cat, If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to talk to animals like my cat.
no , i like nightwish , you hear of them ?
like a nerd , i read a lot of comics .
that is funny , do you read ? i read a lot .
i like exercise , you should try it
no , it sounds like a horrible hobby .
i like reading brochures and safety labels mostly .
i like pink . dancers wear pink .
yes . i do not like country though .
i have five siblings and two dogs
i am done with that, but I wish I could cut my hair short one day and donate it to charity.
what do you study there
i like the kinetic arts
like movement and beautiful dancing
i am great . thanks . my names lucy .
i am a summer kinda girl . surfer girl . what are your hobbies .
ha ha . gotcha . do you like baked goods ? i bake a ton !
i am a nurse at our local hospital, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in the culinary arts.
cool ! any pets for you ?
www ! i love animals . pup for me named jack .
why is he in hawaii ? you must miss him terribly.
a band ? school is stressing me out right now so maybe ?
i am pretty sure i am failing one of my classes . i have a job at cmds .
i just got hired and i need the money .
sure , what do you know about women studies ?
i wish i could afford to drop it . tell me about your band .
that sounds cool . i have stage fright so no band for me .
i avoid the spotlight and public speaking . turning left scares me too .
i was in an accident once
i am , i am from alabama so it is night here . you ?
what does your dad do ? my mom works at a grocery store as a checker .
i love listening to music . what is your favorite song ?
nice , i do not know my favorite , but I hate sweet home alabama . I wish I could visit the Great Wall of China where your dad works.
i do not run much . . . . . except for that one time recently .
i saw the easter bunny , he was hidden behind my closet door .
i do now . it was terrifying .
yeah , most people do not believe me , but i know what i saw .
i am good . how are you today ? do you have to work today ?
i work in a for a doctor filing papers, but I wish I had pursued a career in ballet like my mother.
i do not cook much , i enjoy eating out . do you like sports ?
always intrigued by a vegan diet . seems like a lot of work .
so you do not like sports . i am a ravens fan . it is my hometown team .
yes i do . where are you located ?
love east coast life . close to ny , enjoy visiting there .
i am doing well . just catching up on some sports news . you ?
oh yikes ! as an athlete , i can relate . i am a basketball player . you ?
the minnesota wolves drafted me last season , so i could not imagine being injured now, but I wish I had more time to explore other hobbies outside of basketball.
not the star , but i make about emil a year , so i cannot complain !
no , but my teammates at the university of north carolina were like family .
i am sure . my schedule makes it hard to have a family of my own .
hi , fine and how are you ?
i work at our local hospital , how about you
so what do you want to do when u finish school
playing hockey sound like fun
do you like cars or trucks ?
i drive a toyota car but trying to buy a truck, I wish I could vote in the upcoming election.
www i am so sorry
you can get a new puppy it wo not be the same but it will help a little
i bet . what do you do for a living
you must be very talented , i ski professionally and compete in events, but if only I could overcome my fear of heights, I would love to ski down even higher hills.
i just really love the snow and lived in colorado for a while
the world does have endless things to paint or draw
yes that is pretty to see.
i am well someone called me from there
really ? i can not wait to teach
i like sports an my family has tickets
oh man i am sorry to hear that
no i want to study in spain, if I could, I would study abroad in Spain and then travel the world teaching English.
i hope in a few years
i hope so i am scared grew up in my
i meant in new york
awesome , had a great workout and feeling pumped ! you ?
that sucks , you ok or just a vision check ?
cannot relate , have never done that , but i did pop a string on my bass this morning
wow ! that is cool .
if I didn't play the bass guitar, I would have pursued a career in fishing.
up there , i meant bass guitar string , not bass fishing , ll
i do like both kinds of bass though , ll . mostly streams and rivers , not ocean
i am just fine , i just finished practicing riding my motorcycle
i meant to say unicycle lol , and i have never heard that song
a unicycle is actually pretty easy , you just need to balance yourself
i like reading , exercising , singing , writing poetry , rapping, but I wish I could perform with Metallica one day.
i also have 4 cats , they are a lot of work for me
lucky you , do you have a job ?
i understand , my little brother has autism and he is non verbal.
i have been a salesperson for my whole life and i love adventure ! If I were not a salesperson, I would have pursued a career in adventure sports.
all 4 ? , movie time is my favorite , did i mention i am 5 3 ?
park , hah ! , some would call me the guru of fitness !
for me its god first , i am what you would call a true believer !
some would say i am a free spirited person , carefree and unloving !
hah ! , the guru of fitness i have the t shirt !
well i really love the adventure life , may that ?
i am a salesperson so maybe i can sell you something ? ; ?
i am good thank you for asking , and you ?
i do , i have 3 cats which is like having a second full-time job . ll
ll . what do you for fun ? i enjoy being in nature, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work part-time and spend more time in nature.
all of the above ! what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
yes i am going hiking with my fiance , do you have plans ?
that sounds like fun . i bet you cannot wait to get it on the water .
good thanks , i am at the beach . how are you ?
sounds fun ! where do you dance ?
oh i see ! nice of your parents to enroll you
if I could have a pet, I would love to have a zebra like you do, but no I do not, we can not have animals in the dorms
yes but i also work part time serving pizza
hope to own the pizza place someday , i am in business
it is what i am most passionate about besides the beach
hopefully your zebras like to swim.
that is cool me too ! it went by so fast !
lol i just do th horses are easier to me , they do not throw objects at my face .
sorry to hear that , but in all honesty after highschool it would have changed anyway
those are cool ! i like paint and clydesdale
yeah , lol i liked them before they were bud horses . lol advertising takes everything
that is what i admire about them , they almost seem un natural .
did not school start already for you ?
that is good , do you need a lot of items ?
great , how are you ? do you work ?
oh that is really random and awesome . i want to teach so bad and I wish I could write a bestselling novel one day.
i hike on the weekends , i really want to teach elementary school aged children .
do you have only good things ? i literature is my favorite .
i always believe that math and literature went hand in hand .
my only hobby is really the hikes i go on every weekend .
ohh what kind of cake ?
oh mine i spend so much time preparing in the morning, If I could, I would love to switch places for a day to experience life without any allergies.
my allergies are horrible though
oh you know that i scrub my skin so hard shower and makes red
i clean all the time for dusts and clutters
do you like it working in there ?
at least that works for you well
how do you like it
yes push it more a little
i am chris . big plans for the weekend ?
that is awesome . any artist in particular ?
playing a pickup football game later . might walk my dog at some point . if I didn't have a beard, I would probably grow my hair long instead.
i do like to play with my friends on occasion .
mine is brown same color as my beard .
a jack russell terrier do you have any pets ?
hello ! better than ever !
playing with my little boy Owen . you ?
cool . what is your favorite book ?
it's a great read . are you married ?
yes . my husband is a lawyer for a small but growing company .
if I had pursued my love for beauty pageants, I wonder where I would be now.
okay ! bye !
hey i am sam ! i like online shopping and i work in a drs office . you ?
nice ! i love tattoos too . got two . do you have any ?
it does not hurt . If I weren't scared of needles, I would probably have more tattoos. any pets ? i have a cat , her name is speckles .
ah thanks . she has crazy patterned fur hence the name .
i love meeting new cat people ! best animals ever .
totally agree . thanks for chatting , its been great . have a good one !
hi ! i am single mother who lives alone . father has custody after the divorce
i do very much and it is lonely without them . i became a night owl, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would love to travel more and explore different cultures.
hmm . . . i am sorry to hear . i work for hanson corporation and build robots
it is interesting . yet i do not have much of a social life .
yeah that is random .
wow ! i have been eating a lot of chinese take out lately .
same here too tired to pick it up
that is great so am i both my parents are in the military
that is awesome , you seem very supportive
really wow , i have 2 beagles boomer and chance
that sounds exciting , i am a pilot, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to control time.
they are 3 and 4
i work as a pilot for a living
i will not , thanks , do you like spiders ?
that is so cool , yeah i do not like spiders either
doing well . how is the weather ?
wow . . . surfing is foreign to me . i love hockey !
that could be fun . do you live near a beach ? hawaii ?
i love beaches , but i still like cold winters .
lol . i love red meat . this summer i had to eat a lot of fish , though .
yep . i ate fish in japan this past summer . eww . I wish I could paint like my mom.
i suppose . my mom paints , so i went with her this summer .
well , i got hired for a new position ! that is pretty fun ! what about you ?
if only we could have a job doing what we like browsing the internet lol
what type of games do you play ? xbox ? playstation ?
my husband plays pub g a lot ! i listen to music mostly . country
i would say he does ! so tell me an interesting fact about you
oh an animal lover ? me too ! i am vegetarian !
that is great ! certainly more healthy that way !
you must have watched netflix documentaries then lol
i have seen better days . it is hard when you are not thin .
well that sounds cool . i own a cat because i am lonely .
it is ok , i like sewing to pass time .
i did due to being short and having to hem a lot, I wish I had the courage to take up dancing like you do.
not really , i grew into the idea , ha ha
thank you very very much
yes because they match the color of my brown hair
i have . i like to read books about the beach . i have never been before. If only I could muster the courage to visit the beach one day.
i see . i find comfort in the company of my parrot . he is all i need .
i do not talk much to my family anymore . we are pretty distant .
high standards . mostly just outshined by all my younger siblings .
i like to paint pictures and watch birds .
not many of them sell , but that is ok . i enjoy it nonetheless .
i agree . cleaning makes me feel accomplished .
i am fine thanks for asking
i love eating shrimp . especially with barbecue sauce
i was watching videos on youtube
just dog videos . i have a small beagle called droopy
that is super cool . whats your major ?
so true . are you familiar with adobe
its ok but i found third party companies that provide a better way to read portable documents
i am good how are you
i love music . i like gary numan
he is awesome . he is a musician and his music ironic for my life
i have . i also go snorkeling
it is awesome . i love seeing the bottom of the ocean with all the creatures
oh yes i have seen crabs and jelly fish and all kind of fish out there
you should take time . need to enjoy life, if only I could spend my mornings chasing komodo lizards on a private island.
i totally understand take a vacation day
good , i just recovered from this sunday's long walk in nature ! I wish I could spend more time hiking and less time in the city.
i am applying for jobs in education . hopefully work with young people .
that is impressive . i got a liberal arts degree . how about you ?
sweet ! i live in the major metro area of portland or . you rural or city ?
i guess you get hurricanes as well
that is good . are you familiar with who mark twain is ?
yes , read a lot of it as part of my major but really liked him before school
i should i am on the keto style diet for energy n love kale
thanks me and my 2 golden retrievers enjoy kale and hummus
nice i am doing my best to make my dad and grandpa proud
wow well if I weren't juggling, I would love to work with animals in a sanctuary so I travel a lot
i said my 2 dogs they are my kids
do you go to the movies a lot? I live for their popcorn
aww i go super early and usually alone in the room
thanks i am kinda awkward socially
very good thanks . how about you ?
oh wow , yea i bet that is tiring . i have been getting my new juice bar started .
kind of , maybe . i only eat vegetables .
what do you like to do for fun ? surfing is my passion, but if I had to choose another profession, I would love to be a professional surfer.
nice ! any favorite things to do ?
very cool . i love to read , especially on the beach .
i am surrounded by beaches !
awesome idea ! i hope you ace would one of those auditions and head to hollywood.
not really . but i m still pretty young so i don t have much experience with it .
cool . are you a college student ?
wow that s impressive . i m in college right now and also work at a smoothie place .
yeah i like it . do you like sports ?
i don t play any sports but i love watching basketball
that s a fair point ! what s your favorite kind of food ?
that is cool . i fly out of the country for work, but if I could choose any job, I would love to be a professional surfer.
i photograph hockey games . i love them .
yes , my younger sister does it as well .
no . some day perchance . you ?
right on . that must be a handful .
no doubt ! did i mention my best friend is here visiting ?
her name is arlene . she owns a dominos they are rebuilding .
two weeks . just until the remodel is complete .
well i am slightly over 3 4 of a century , at 77 , how about you ?
well i started my second career programming computers at your age . do you work ?
mmm . . . i sure do . what is the name of your bakery ? do you deliver ?
i retired two years ago . just me and my two dogs . bake any doggy biscuits ?
a golden retriever and a black lab . they watch tv with me .
you two ever watch that new british show ? my fav, I wish I had pursued a career in acting when I was younger.
well it is on now so i better get going . nice meeting you.
feeling kind of nerdy , you ?
i am not tall , are they ?
i also have a really big face and body , do they ?
i love to learn about everything , you ?
did you know michael jordan was really good at basketball ?
that is cool . i wish i could play but i do not think i am tall enough .
i study , what about you ?
why not ? my large cheeks are turning red .
i am doing good ! you ? i am currently watching netflix with my family .
that sounds fun ! what would you have for dinner ? i had italian . i love it !
yum ! who your favorite band ? mine is iron maiden, but I wish I had pursued a career in music like my favorite band Iron Maiden.
hard rock . but i make 3d models for video games and animations
no . i am studying to currently become like my father . he has a great high power job .
no he is a ceo for a good company . i do that for fun
that sounds really interesting . do you enjoy it ?
good , i am well also . do you like sports ?
i am a big soccer fan and play as goalie in a new team i joined
what do you study in school ?
new home ? i have to buy new cleats tomorrow . nike are my favorite
sounds so nice ! are you excited ?
what is his name ? what is he like ?
well darn , you can still look at him at work . lol
you have a boyfriend , but fell in love with thor ? If I could change one thing about my soccer team, I would make us all wear matching socks.
great , just sewing some funky colored clothes for my next thrift shop venture !
oh , i am sure you would be a wonderful subject for students at my next art class, if I could, I would love to showcase your designs in my art class!
i am sure your confidence will shine through in some exotic prints !
i hope you are keeping it healthy , function is fashionable !
well that is wonderful . you seem like a very strong person .
well , i love to make my own clothing , and make clothing into art !
hi ! i am doing well . and you ? i exercise i swim .
it is easy for me because i love it since i was little . my purple one piece . If I could have any superpower, it would be to talk to dogs.
my two faves , purple and dogs !
lol ! that made me laugh so hard .
do you have diabetes and were not supposed to eat donuts ?
okay , good . my mom is the same way , she eats high sugar things too .
again ? ! did i tell you that i remodeled the house and put in a pool ?
lol . i love them , so they can swim with me .
not much , my name is lance , how are you ?
nice , good work ! i do not have time for the gym , too much truck driving
lol , i love ted talks , since my mom was a teacher i have to keep up !
lol weird . . . stuff about law enforcement cuz that is what my dad did. If I could choose a different career path, I would have followed in my father's footsteps and become a police officer.
nah , but i like their legacy . what is your job ?
cool , food ! i love to eat but its hard while driving a stick shift , safety first !
meh , not much . i am looking for erika actually.
my day has been good ! watching my favorite tv show currently, but if I could only watch one TV show for the rest of my life, it would be Friends.
what are you cooking . i do not happen to really enjoy eating pickles !
are you one of those people taking pictures of food on their phones , i have an iphone .
i enjoy swimming on my back its very relaxing ! whats your favorite color ? ?
my favorite color is black , in which actually is not even a true color !
yes , i happen to be writing a novel . the title even has the word black in it .
hi ! i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?
that is fun ! what kind of food do you like ?
i like everything except for salad . did you go to culinary school ?
if I had the chance, I would have pursued a degree in culinary arts. how many kids do you have ?
cool ! i help take care of my grandparents .
thank you ! i had to drop out of college , but it is worth it .
i learned about karma in high school . i was valedictorian .
thanks ! comedies are my favorite . what about you ?
i am great . i love to dance , do you ?
do you have any pets ? my dog , socks , lives at my parents' house .
i am in college and work with blind children . some dogs can be trained to help .
do you drive ? i just bought a Lexus and the color is silver. If I could have any job, it would be a professional dancer.
wow , that is cool . who keeps the cleanest car ?
ll . did you ever trick teachers in school ?
yeah , i suppose that could be scary .
yes , i am married to my soulmate . she and i have been married 27 years . you ?
hey hey !
i am studying to be a layer
i love rush , zeppelin , hendrix and tennis
i would say so , i have three older brothers who are cool
ugh , that is a drag . i am so bad at auto mechanics . . .
i know ! my mini van needs some work too
oh that must be nice . what do you do for a living ?
i am a waitress . no getting nails done for me .
i am trying to study right now , but my kids are eating breakfast and keep needing things .
i am studying to become a doctor, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a cafe in Paris.
you work a lot . i bet paris is well within reach .
what is wwe ? i have not heard of it before .
because you watch it , you would not have time to go to school ?
is it some kind of addiction ? i do not understand . unless you mean you participate .
oh wow , my really good friend also lives in japan . small world . If I could, I would love to travel to Japan to visit my best friend.
i have never been anywhere other than the us . i just moved to new york
yes . i moved here because i got a job as a dog walker . great pay .
when my friend moved , i ate a pint of ice cream because i was sad .
ha ha . it appears so . definitely a small world for sure .
true . maybe we could meet up when we are walking the dog sometime .
sounds like a plan . have a play date for the dogs , lol .
lets make plans for next week . we can meet up in the park .
i am doing okay , just having some popeyes .
are you a teacher ? i work in public affairs, but if only I could find someone who shares my love for winter and snow.
i just wanted to help where i could . i also am in the national guard
i appreciate that . do you enjoy winter ?
i do not find many people who like the cold as much as i do . .
do you and your husband have kids ?
no , i am not married yet .
oh that is interesting . i just am too busy for now .
are you into computers ? for work or enjoyment .
wow , so am i . recently retired, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of programming.
the actual programming . . . but now almost 80
time goes by slowly but i watch a lot of bbc and their shows
i hope to impart some of my knowledge to grandkids .
oh , that one about the nosy neighbor .
funny program , i even have my daughter watching it .
time for my nap so talk later .
hello how are you today ?
do you nap often then
where do you go to school
i am not sure really do you have pets
nice that made me hungry, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak to animals.
nice where do you work
oh wow well stay in school
for what ? food , clothes , cars ?
i do not make much money so thrift stores , and discount shops, but I wish I could afford to shop at high-end boutiques
omg i love the dollar tree ! it is my jam
i even watch dollar tree , youtube videos
right , i love their decor items for the different seasons
it is like really a dollar ? i will take five
do you buy food at the dollar tree ?
do you go to the 99 cents store ?
hello , i was born in tennessee . how about you ?
great ! how is the fishing there ?
i am retired , so i just fish and spend time with my black lab and wife .
congratulations ! that is a big accomplishment . i recently went to washington to see a charlie daniels concert, I wish I could play the guitar like Charlie Daniels.
yes , i grew up listening to him and have been to many concerts .
i take my lab dog to the park often to play . do you own a dog ?
wow , that must be a lot to handle when you play in the nba
and are you married too ?
i am well thank you and yourself ?
new york would be a great place they have lots of shops .
what do you do for fun . i stay home most time unless i am playing ultimate .
it is frisbee basically . i play with my guys at the park .
yeah , do you have pets , i own a pug .
7 he has been with me a long time , very loyal animal .
very true . i take him where ever i go . very well socialized . get some strange looks too
yeah did you go to college i graduated with study in law ?
i am good how are you
yeah i wish it was still summer where do you live
what kind of food do you like
i am into pizza boring i know lol
haha that is funny what do you like to do on the weekends
that is cool i love to go to the beach
yeah its so fun too bad its starting to get cold
how are you doing today
i am good what about you
well congrats to you and your husband
yes i will be getting marked next tuesday
thanks do you have kids
awwww that is cute do you want kids
oh i am sorry to hear that
i have 1 girl and 2 boys we want one more girl, if I weren't allergic to cats, I would love to have a fluffy feline companion.
i am super buzzed right now and very fast you ?
that is so interesting i drink all the caffeine and run are you happy ?
i eat terrible food always but i stay fit
that is so cool can you ran far ?
nice i have a car that is super lame but it was free
those are not real words
i am sorry too much caffeine forgive me
so what else do you like to do ?
i am good how about yourself ?
just finished making a new recipe and i am about to post it online .
mac and cheese with crushed crackers on top . it was very good . what are you doing tonight ?
what movie are you watching ?
really ? ? that is so funny , who is your favorite hero ?
if I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to teleport anywhere instantly.
hi ! i am doing well ! how are you doing ?
i love going to the beach and watching the surfers in the sunset . so relaxing ! If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
mine do too . it helps writing about them and then deciphering their meaning
sounds like reality to me !
haha that is hilarious ! glad it was only a dream !
lol ! you should seriously write about this stuff . you seem like a creative soul !
maybe i will see you at the beach one of these days . i will wave from the shore !
i am not doing great , i feel depressed
i do not have a lot of free time
i have a wife but she does not like me very much
mine thinks i am poor and lazy , years ago i won the lottery , If only I had revealed my lottery win to my wife, things might have been different.
1 million , i did not let my wife
i just want to paint , i do ones with trees
i go for walks in the woods
it is nice to be in the quiet.
i am cool i am rod an author
i love running , drinking tea and watching mystery . i also write while in the park
i do not know how to swim
just eat fruits and vegetables .
my family is simple and i do not have a kids
they are also that is why i do not have kids
yes i am a vegan i do not eat animals
that is bad love animals do not eat them
hello rob , i am cheryl .
oh no ! what has she done ?
well the ted talk i am watching says carpe diem .
sometimes i watch them while i jog in the woods .
i only watch ted talks, but I wish I could go on a hike with a new puppy.
i am so sorry rob , maybe you should get a puppy !
its ok . i just got into a wreck .
yea it was my fault i have a little road rage but i love people lol
i will my husband is working at telecom ao he gets great insurance
what color are you going to paint it
sounds pretty . i love going on adventures and doing stuff like mountain climbing, I wish I could go on a mountain climbing adventure with you.
umm bagels ! i love everything bagels and plain bagels
stay at home and watch the kids . you ?
cool so what exactly do you ?
that is interesting . i guess the weirdest thing about me is i do not work, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a fulfilling career that I enjoy.
i would just rather relax all day long
paying bills is the worst part about life
i guess that is true . i am always whining though
maybe . but hey , i spoil my puppy too
anna . she is a golden retriever
is it a cardinal ? what do you like to eat ?
i eat salads a lot . i try not to eat too much
hi i am nick , you ? yes i love the mall
i enjoy riding my scooter to the mall, but if I could hear, I would love to listen to music while riding my scooter.
i like that my scooter does not play music as it is not my favorite .
oh , that is not good . do you have a lot of friends ? i do .
oh good . what color hair do you have ? i have red .
very cool ! do you have pets ?
my favorite dog is a pug . what is his name ?
i love it . there is a seal at sea world named corky .
same here . one day i want to go back again before they take it away.
i like in a suburb
i quit my nursing job to make bagels, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in cartography.
that is cool what do you do to help people
that is nice charity is still helpful
what do you do for fun
that is a very unique hobby
i arm wrestle which is kind of random i am pretty competitive
wow that is cool for an old lady.
no , i am a person in a home
i actually love animals pretty much obsessed. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to nature and away from the city.
exactly , i love music especially when i hike or yoga
i grew up poor and i always enjoyed dwelling in the natural beauty of the world
yes , me too . . . . where do you work ?
that is cool , do you have children ?
they are very much like children
anything quick , fast and can go in a microwave ! my job is demanding , no time for cooking, but if only I could cook, I would make gourmet meals every day.
i love my job , i work in public affairs . very tedious but rewarding . a teacher ? niceeee
oh no , do you have patience enough to work with children ?
hows the weather where you are ?
www , i love animals ! enjoying the fall weather . i can not wait for it to snow .
same here but i make it my business to catch snowfall every year . its magical
sunshine is pretty good too .
i love letting the top down on my vw passa on a sunny day.
haha formal situations like that tend to make me uncomfortable .
i like eating yummy food ! are you on facebook ?
really ? i have over 4 , 000 friends and have not encountered that .
i love to hitchhike but i have not made it there yet .
haha maybe sneak on to one . are you close with your family ?
i have not spoken to them in years, I wish I could reconnect with my family and have a close relationship like you do with yours.
i have a hard time letting people in .
no fun plans i have to focus on football . i play for the eagles, but I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of football.
do you work in menswear or ladies ?
cool . do you like your job too ?
i like working as a team , this is my second year , last year i was a rookie .
quarterback . do you like football ?
i have always loved football .
not bad drinking a diet coke you ?
awesome do you like walmart ? i work there
oh that is really small . i shop more than i should
true it is . do you like katy perry ? she is my fav. I wish I could attend a Katy Perry concert someday.
yea i was not impressed with recent performance on saturday night live tho
oh what kind of vehicle ? i have a ford
sorry i misread but diving is alright i cant swim tho
yea it looks complicated to actually be good i would just cannonball.
that is cool . i only a cashier at a gas station, but if I had pursued a career in ballet like my mother, I wonder where I would be now.
i love the ravens . my mom was famous dancer ballet . do you like it
i just turn 26 and plan to move to san diego soon . my time will come
of course i love football and also punk rock . rancid my fav
awesome . i would love to see you play . get away from this gas station
in portland . i am so over it . that is why i am moving to san diego
heart attacked was expert by my dad, if my father hadn't had a heart attack, we would have gone on more road trips together.
any color will do my guitar is the only that matters.
oh , that s a great setting for the films that i am writing.
i do not have one , do you like it.
where do you guys go usually.
oh you like pizza , what flavor.
really , how often you eat those.
who is your best friend.
i am good thanks . just finished playing my trumpet
yum ! do you bake for friends ? i love making friends
you guys have some good high school bands there ! i am in mine !
not texas sadly . i would like to move to california though when i am older, I wish I could direct movies like my favorite filmmakers.
that is cool ! when i grow up i want to be a movie director .
my mom is at home with us and i love her for it
how many do you have ?
i am good . . how was ur weekend ? ?
what will you do with money ? ? ?
hm . . interesting . . where are you from ? ?
i am from boston ma
hiking . . and going into the nature, If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of working at a factory making boxes.
i work for luxor . pen company
sure dude . . i work in the manufacturing unit itself
not much , just working on some plans . how are you tonight ?
oh yeah ? what exactly is that ?
oh that is awesome ! are you going to go somewhere ?
that is pretty exciting . my boyfriend is a fan !
i heard of one last weekend but went shopping instead .
yeah , but have you ever been dancing before ?
i bet those are a lot of fun ! I wish I could go on a cruise ship someday.
i am okay , my long hair just got in a knot . you ?
aww that is sad . where is he ?
wow , my mom lives in my basement and my boyfriend is in italy, but if my boyfriend were not in Italy, we would travel the world together.
thankfully my mom cooks for me because i dislike cooking !
interesting , what is an orcish ?
i do not . i have heard of it though .
i see ! my mother does not believe in televisions .
reading and learning how to do hair styles with my long hair .
not much . just hanging out in my house . you ?
oh that is too cool ! ! i want to do something like that some day
i love to play with my cat and dog, but if I could, I would love to have a pet snake.
oooh bugs are icky ! how old are you ?
i am only 10 years old .
that is really cool of you . my mom works at a school
my favorite thing is to play catch with my big German shepherd dog
no i am allergic to them , and many other things too. If I could travel back in time, I would warn my younger self about the dangers of eating asparagus.
i only eat corn , popcorn , like at the shoes .
my dad was killed by steak , he choked when i was a young man .
it is ok i guess , i am older now and stay distracted if i can .
no i am just a lonely headbanger watching black mirror on netflix all day . you ?
it is , quite dark and ominous . i like to watch shows of all types .
i hate coffee , thanks . i am allergic to all coffee.
it can be , but i put on my slayer albums and drift away .
i am doing swell ! how bout yourself ?
sounds fun . if only my dogs could join me at the beach, they would have a blast!
i have 2 dogs and i love them very much
wow sounds exciting . do you save people often ?
good show . what food do you like ?
pizza is up there for me , but i am going to have to say seafood
catch one for me next time !
i am good i am spending time with my seven siblings , i am the youngest .
i love cats ! as much as my friends who i would do anything for, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals.
sounds good do you have any guilty pleasures ? mine is mcdonalds .
me either ! are you married ? i am still searching for love .
ha ha ! what do you do for a living ?
lol ! i am in real estate and waitress on the weekends .
it is ! it keeps me going though !
i bet they keep you busy .
that sounds fun . a similar break from my roommate would be wonderful .
sounds like a plan . not a beer fan though . know a good alternative ?
great names . i work pt at a bar , so whiskey is acceptable .
so a dog mansion then ? awesome . do you like koalas ?
i wish . hoping to go and see one in its natural habitat soon .
australia , and i would be going with a friend that is from there .
cairns has really good fishing . you should look into it .
not yet , but it is in our itinerary . would love to catch some mahi mahi .
no , i work as a barista and make jewelry during my spare time .
nice . i assume you read then and my favorite read is the bible .
however , i am shacked up with my boyfriend in an apartment , lol, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a bookstore.
they are fine . i like to go to craft shows to sell my jewelry on the weekends .
yes , love it . great band .
your father sounds like an interesting man .
i thought you were also vegan ?
well , he likes muse . that was the interesting part i guess .
i love taking walks on the beach
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am from cali . . . have you been ?
i am a fisherman here, but if I could change one thing, I would become a writer like my favorite author, Jane Austen.
no i do not travel much
everything under the sun lol
me too . about the weather . its pretty sunny here right now though .
well that is good it was not a terrible disease or anything . have any cats ?
i have several cats , enough that you could probably call me a crazy cat lady !
i am 32 , how old are you ?
i wish my husband were here too . he is always so busy with work .
he is ceo of a major fast food company . we just have the cats , no kids .
no i do not want any children . do you have a favorite color ?
i am a fan of blue , especially baby blue .
doin good what about you ?
working on putting a custom computer together, but if I had finished college, I might have pursued a career in computer science instead.
i am located in kentucky , nope this one is not purple , maybe the next one
yeah its pretty good but spend most of my time overseas in the army
i am sure they will accept you
yes love food and i also love guns
when i am home on leave i fly my plane as much as possible
i inherited a few million from my grand parents
great on this day the lord has made !
me too friend , but I just came from the gym . where do you work ?
i am a salesperson so I swindle people out of money but God first. If I weren't focused on my career, I would love to travel the world and explore different cultures.
i go the gym and watch movies . i am a pretty fun-loving person .
i love adventure . where is vienna located exactly ?
i am from the United States . do you like adventure too ? London is far .
did he move to Austria with you or all you alone there ?
no I am all single waiting to meet the man of my dreams .
my age is 25 . i like to read . what do you like ?
cool ! how old are you ?
nope . i work at the library . you ?
what is your major ? i hated school , but do love my job .
I wish I could take up painting and express my emotions through art. just like sitting in the library , all alone , nobody to bother me .
are you male or female ? i hate all this competition between females .
short . brown . do you run or take part in marathons ?
i am doing great now . how are you ?
i was a scout , now i am pursuing a modeling career, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a professional chef.
i had urinary cancer when i was 16 , cured at 18 and decided to enjoy life .
i had lunch with will ferrell the other day , he and i both like classical jazz .
i was at a casting call , and he invited some of us for a private lunch .
that is my favorite movie of his .
halloween is mine . always has been .
no , sorry . i am not a linguist . are you ?
i am good how are you
i am at my parents house in the basement
no they just have a lot of cats i take care of, but I wish I lived in a bustling city with a vibrant book scene instead.
i like to read so it does not bother me
yes that is cool i love veggies
that is good healthier choice
i hope you feel better soon then
i am great , school started today . i am a teacher
i do , i love kids , i have a toddler , he is 3
nice , my dads a preacher
no , i go to church every sunday
what do you listen to ? i am listening to purple rain rn
that is cool . i hate festivals myself , if I could change one thing about my music taste, it would be to enjoy live acts more.
the quality is terrible no matter what , save your pennies go see them in venues
no , its factual . open air venue festival worse sonics than closed venue
just thinking about visiting nyc
no i would like to go thought , the people seem nice
in my living room watching goodfellas
best movie of all time
i highly recommend you watch it
i work at a greeting card company, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a sports commentator for football games.
it is a job i guess
this is true you are right
i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
wow ! you must be popular ! i am not as cool .
cool , i make videos of fart noises with my armpits . i am pretty talented !
i can even make musical melodies with my arm pit .
when i was younger i was a huge superman,  if only I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional athlete instead of focusing on superman.
fan and would walk around in costume and it would make noises under the arm .
eh . i am not popular with the ladies either . every ex has cheated on me .
hi , i am good . just chilling out after work . you ?
have you got anything interesting happening at work today ?
sounds better than my day was . too many meetings for me . whats the quiz ?
what age students do you teach ?
do you enjoy teaching ? i always thought it would be quite hard work .
good for you . what do you do to relax at the end of the day ? I wish I could trade places with you for a day to teach grade 3 students about metal music.
i am good how are you ?
sometimes , i really am into gardening
i like sweets , i also sew
yes i just made a jacket the other day
it is blue , what do you do for a living ?
blue is my favorite , what are you studying ?
do you bake savory things i love things with onion
what do you look like ? If I didn't have curly hair, I would love to try out different hairstyles.
good , you ? how was your day ?
wow , well done ! i got a roof ready to put on new shingles .
roofing , do you need a new roof ? i need to get to the grocery anyway, if only I could see colors, I would know which car is yours without needing to text.
i can help with that . maybe we can trade for beer and steak .
nice ! i will take my steak well done . i can drive my chevy over .
it is listed so look for a tall truck .
i mean lifted . no i am good . maybe for our football team though .
congrats ! i used to play for them in high school . i will ask their needs.
uru , i have a job at a grocery shop !
no but i like to go visiting sometimes, if I had the chance, I would love to work at a botanical garden.
growing plants in her is what she like to do
there is a big city where my friend lives , it has plants
i am employed ay a grocery store
i know someone and she grows plants , she does it in her garden
its a big city maybe , my best friend lives there
I have a job , it's at a food shop , not the beach, but if I could, I would definitely work near the beach.
hi ! very good , thank you . just returned from wine tasting
do you watch a lot of anime ?
i like going to art museums and theater .
so you are an artist yourself ?
i work part time as a music teacher . you ?
i hope you will be able to someday . do you have a family ?
yes , i am married , with two boys . they can be wild .
i am in michigan . how about you ? If I had more free time, I would love to attend more wine tours with my husband.
i am doing okay . how are you ?
that is nice . my wife wants to visit soon . i am more for mexico .
yes . she was miss usa . now i just wonder if she married me for my money . If only I could find joy in the simple things, like a slice of cheesecake.
no . it has me kind of down tonight . i am from new york city .
its okay . what happen to your other hand if you do not mind me asking .
oh . you have kids ? i have a few and they are such jerks i cannot stand them .
well i am and i feel my life is miserable , my money does not even seem to help .
great ! i am sarah . how are you ?
really ? i love to go dancing . it is what i do on my weekends .
that is too bad . my guy and i go out to pizza after dancing all night .
does she like to go shopping ? i love shoe shopping, if only my partner enjoyed shopping as much as I do.
right . except she does not like going out to clubs .
no . salsa or swing are my favorites .
yes . what else do you like to do ?
that is great ! i am more into cooking .
i am great , just got engaged .
how many of you are there
ll what do you do for a living
oh ok , i would not mind being a sports announcer, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in the entertainment industry as a voice actor.
i work in a corporate office
yes i am from miami florida and you
my fiance is from russia
yes very large family . people everywhere
mater , thats my cats name , he is a cat ! but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot named Mango.
my grandfather often takes me to buy ice cream !
lightning mcqueen is the best driver , i really like him !
toyotas suck ! basketball is the game i like to play
my cats name is mater , he is a cat !
my grandmother creates pizza with me !
i go with my grandpa to get ice cream
lightning mcqueen is the best , he is awesome.
awesome . i am a social worker . i love dogs .
dog movies are the best .
i lost my parents as well . I wish I had the opportunity to grow up with a big family and siblings.
i have two dogs and they are my best friends .
a lab mix and an irish setter .
mine is too . he is smart .
that is funny . my lab is really goofy .
does he catch them ever ?
morning . i am off shopping with friends after brunch .
they truly are . one of these days , i am going to have to learn how to cook .
i do not cook at all , so i will start with the basics .
oh , i do not know . i am more interested in getting my bmw paid off right now, but if I could, I would buy a vintage car instead of paying off my BMW.
mine is purple . next time , i am getting a pink maclaren .
i like mine to have original colors .
i am from the volunteer state Tennessee
cool my favorite foods are orange juice and corn .
thing sounds interesting i only have seen farms on TV, but I wish I could have a pet like a cheetah to race against NASCAR cars.
i am in the 4th grade i turn 10 on Dec . 20th .
i like to build model cars
i love Ford Mustangs old and new
i just like cars that are fast
yes i like NASCAR especially Busch
good morning , i am okay . waiting on my neighbor to give me a ride to work .
my car is in the shop , she comes over a lot to watch rugby, but if only I had more space, I would love to have a garden like yours.
she is . neither of our husbands like rugby , lol . what are your hobbies ?
gardening is nice , i do not have room for one . i fly kites at the park .
i cannot do that at mine . some weird person will insist on talking to me , lol
actually , i have . my son finished it and suggested i read it .
he wants to be a seal . also , he reads anything he can get his hands on .
too intelligent for his own good
oh i love french fries ! i eat at home a lot .
do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i enjoy running marathons and watching netflix .
oh . it helps me take my mind off things .
what do you do for a living ?
oh , i work for the appliance store my dad owns .
if I wasn't so nervous around people, I would love to dine out more often.
oh , well that would be a turn off .
i am doing very well , how are you ? do you have any kids ?
oh , okay . i am a dr . what are you going to go to college for ?
that is a good career . you should do just fine .
so is my youngest , she plays sax .
i only have two , i would love at least four more .
i love spending time with my family .
that is an important thing to do , if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time for my family.
it is . you will be thankful for it one day.
i am from the mountains !
i was too ! my brother is couch surfing here !
yes i do ! i have 2 !
did you ? that is no fun ! i am cooking !
fun ! i am going on a cruise !
you are very very very welcome !
i like to go to movies , listen to music , take vacations ! but i wish I could breed exotic birds instead of Maine Coon cats.
i just took my tennis shoes off . they are the only shoes i wear .
i love to fish too . do you have a boat ?
i have a 17 foot key west .
do you eat what you catch ? i do .
the best way to cook fish !
both of my parents are retired . do you like to read ?
i love anything by jane austen . I wish I had the chance to meet James Cameron in person.
i like him okay too .
i am good how are you
glad to hear that do you like listening to music
i love listening to bach i especially love listening to it when i am studying for an exam
i see nice ! do you travel around a lot for a dj ?
i just finished school at princeton and traveling before i start working, If I had the chance, I would love to audition for The Voice.
i am traveling to india in the upcoming month . i travel a lot
thank you so much i really will . what are your plans for the winter
wow you should try mexico . it is very beautiful .
being a single guy , i can afford to own a bmw, but if I had chosen a more stable career path, I wouldn't be in so much debt now.
friends are important , they make it fun to go shopping with
well i shop so much that now i am in a lot of debt
my dad is a lawyer , but he drives a ford
i owe 200 , 000 so i am about to lose my car
i am a poker player , but not a very good one
its ok , i have been down before
that is funny , what is the name of your dog ?
hi name is kelly , and if only I had the courage to travel alone to Rome.
the death of kurt cobain impacted my middle school years .
i love combat boots and baby doll dresses .
i had flirted with dmv instructor to pass my driving test .
my dad wants a connection with me but he is a deadbeat .
nope i am in high school .
haha my hobbies are collecting old records .
anywhere that does not have french fries .
yea , i just love fries too much and eat them too often . I wish I could do math better, but I always end up smelling like french fries.
yea , wanted to experience the lights and all the excitement .
i might , but my bad math skills will not help me in this city .
shopping ? i just got a sweater that is too small though .
yes , what about your goals ?
siblings and such but i am unmarried .
hello ! it is going well ! just finished a good workout .
it does help relieve stress and stay in shape .
i have an iphone . ted talks is a show I watch on it sometimes .
me too . i did not like all the glitches they had .
i do not really watch television . i do like animals . do you have pets ?
i have a dog . i really like all animals . if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy watching TV more.
oh how neat . i did not know that . i have a german shepherd , baxter .
oh , my ! not yet ! i must have purple somewhere among my thousand shoes !
i am so broke from all my shopping . whatchy eating ?
today taco bell for loaded burritos , then papa johns for a pizza .
nope , too busy . always dancing ! i would be fat as a hog if i did not .
were you sad when prince died ?
just wondered , ya know , purple rain and all . . . If I could attend any concert, it would be a live performance by Prince.
fast cars , yeah ! i always loved his costumes . and what a dancer !
yup . there is a museum now at paisley park , i hear .
or so optimistic just like me staying
no i am a female my husband is a police
oh i always teach i m a teacher
wow you must be a hard working person
and nothing more and jay s
how do you siri work and play
I wish I could spend more time at the beach reading.
what do usually do for fun
wow that is great , do you have children or plan on having some ?
ah , i see . i do not have any but i would like some as well ! which war ?
thank you for your service . thanks to you i can enjoy freedoms such as shopping .
oh that is interesting . do you work ?
i have to work five days of the week in order to support my i will mother . I wish I could spend more time at the pool doing laps.
me as well , take care .
oh , she has cancer , but she is getting better !
what is clubbing ? like having a secret handshake kind of club ?
we learned square dancing in school last year . . . i had to dance with a girl !
do they have to dance with girls too ? i would rather read comic books, I wish I could have superpowers like Superman one day.
do you like comic books , too ? which is your favorite ?
that is sad . i had a girlfriend . she tore my supermen comic so we stopped
comic books can be worth a lot of money . maybe you could sell some ?
i dressed up like spider man for trick or treating last year !
i am fine and you , so do you like football ?
yeah same here , podcast , broadway shows and traveling are three of my favorite hobbies .
mine is steelers . . . so did you ever go to college ?
do you listen to the avert brother, they are my favorite band .
if I could go back, I would choose to pursue a career in music instead of psychology.
same here , what else do you love ?
i kind of like the new eclipse .
that is awesome what model ?
do you play any music ?
i have played violin almost my entire life . i love it. I wish I had pursued a career in music professionally.
mostly friends and family . its not really a career option in my area .
my , that is a good idea !
great . i am a traveling salesman encyclopedias to be exact .
my part-time job is at a gas station , but my goal in life is different . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in a museum.
i am going to be the best encyclopedia salesman in the world .
hobbies ? mine are rock collecting and art with macaroni .
i say Peyton Manning at the grocery store once .
oh that is nice . where are you living now ?
that was going to be my next question if you had seen anyone famous .
hello . i am well . just came back from working at the factory .
that sounds pleasant . speaking of which , you like jazz ?
me too ! especially on bike rides . oh , i only speak english, but if I could play any instrument, it would be the saxophone.
here is my history I broke my nose at the age of 10
what ? no way ! that is wild , yet awesome !
do any of your parents have different colored eyes ?
i do . one cat . she is siamese and burmese .
i like big dogs , especially . fluffy cats get me too . haha
i am doing well . trying to study for school but i am not good at it. I wish I could focus more on my studies like you do.
my mom worked at a cabinet shop . i can not focus on the school work well
i am a full-time student and I hang out with lots of friends all the time
i love to read . reading is one of my favorite
i like Walt Whitman . and i like the House of Night novels
i like that author as well
hi , i am mary . i am good . thank you .
sounds like fun . what do you do for a living ?
i work at the local newspaper. If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i enjoy learning . i also like to read .
the hate you give . highly recommend it .
i do . country is my favorite .
what do your parents do ?
my dad is a retired butcher .
that is great what is the sport ?
that sounds like fun . . . my life revolves around fishing !
yes i actually go out on a boat to fish for a living
that would be awesome where are you from ?
i live on the east coast cape hatteras , you ever hear of it ?
yes i love it , its right on the coast so i can ride my boat everyday !
yes it is my favorite thing to do ! what other hobbies do you have ?
that is how you get good fast . . .
howdy person i am from texas ! If I hadn't broken my leg, I would have been out hiking in the Texas wilderness.
well you know its important that we texans remind yall how big we are
aw man that is cute really
i look like my dog as well
he is a bitch . a bichon frise
i just made some ramen . threw a couple of pieces of beef jerky
yeah this is some spicy spicy stuff . burnt my ass
i live right around the corner from a krispy kreme . probably closed now
i am from georgia , and i would like to become a teacher .
that is cool , i do not think i could do that i have a short temper .
i am picky when it comes to a lot of things especially food, but I wish I had more time to travel the world and explore different cuisines.
i do not really have a favorite for food but i do love 2000s indie music
i love taking my dog to concerts , he is my favorite thing in the world .
that is cool . do you have any other cool facts about you ?
nope that is pretty much everything i got ! lol
slow down , my boy . you wanna talk food ? lets talk food . i need your help .
i love chili corn dogs and cheesy hot dogs , but ink which i love more !
funny you say that . i love the night time . maybe that is why i love that food !
i do love the sunshine , though . and dragons . something about dragons i cannot get enough of .
ah , that reminds me of my daughter . she just had her own , actually . i am a grandpa now !
ca not complain . grandpa at 44 . i will get a lot of time with my granddaughter . how about you ?
will you paint me a dragon clutching a corn dog , eclipsing the moon on a clear night ?
i am bored . my job at the museum sucks, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work at a zoo instead of a museum.
it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading
it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading
seeing as i am in a wheelchair my options are limited but i love the park
sweet . . . i may see you ride by lol
it is cool . i have no issues with walking people lol
so where are you from
i am from dallas texas
good ! how are you ?
well , i hang out with my parrot , todd
sorry for the misspelling , i type fast . my family says i need a job , though
do they want anything that is specific ?
what kind of stuff do you like ?
i like the same thing
i do , sometimes , if it is not too cold
that is correct , but sometimes i like cold. I wish I could take my siblings to the beach one day.
neither am i . but it makes for better puddle splashing . i love when it rains !
i hope you find one . i work at a pizza place . do what you love
awe ! i love dogs ! one day i hope to adopt one
yes there are . if I could change one thing about my van, it would be to have it painted in a vibrant rainbow design, so there is room to snuggle lol
single child . what's your favorite season ?
i love winter too ! my van needs new tires before the next one . orange !
good just watching an old mob game watching my fave barolo colon
do you know any skittles players ? i am in the professionals, but I wish I could taste candy just once in my life.
yeah . they know me as the iron skittler even though I have not eaten candy ever
no , i am too busy with my skittles games lol
oh no . how many kids do you have ?
i would like to have kids some day
ll how old are they ? i like babies
hi ! i am from california and i work as a waiter
nice ! i do not like to be with with people so i got myself a cat
so nice , do you have any pets ?
ahh i see , i am sewing my cat a sweater its one of my hobbies, if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at a local animal shelter.
fun ! i am not a very social person
never heard of them . are they good ?
i listen to about anything . how has your day been ?
good , just walking bob my dog , probably go fishing later .
i do not have a tv . in my free time i make boats, but I love hosting dinner parties and trying new recipes.
i am sorry to hear that . no my parents are not with me .
he is a mutt . do you have any pets ?
just canoes and small sail boats . i am on a small island
nah , come over for dinner sometime . i would love to have . . . i mean meet you !
i am alison i am watching magic mike
me to i also play video games and sing although i am not good
i have a dog kind of hard having one in the city tho
interesting . i am a teacher at a university, but I wish I could perform in a circus like you do with your family.
poetry i am a bit of a sap
are you watching any football tomorrow ?
sounds like a busy life
yea but my weekends are pretty boring i am usually free
hi , i am doing fine , how are you doing ?
me too , what do you do for a living ?
that is kind of weird , like me , i am 32 and still live with my mother
i would move out , but she does not want me to
because she thinks I am going to move with my dad , i miss him
he went to buy milk , and did not come back
i chose to believe that . now, if only I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional gamer, things might have been different.
i know . tell me something about you
hi , my brother is touring in a metal band around the world, but if I could have any job in the world, I would love to be a musician traveling the world like my brother.
yeah , i mean he loves it , i am in college , studying to be a teacher
i will graduate in september and get a teaching job by august of next year .
maybe i can get a teaching job sooner but school is started so . . i do not know
yeah i think so . my family migrated to the us when i was 5 years old
we migrated from algeria
well it was a tough transition now it is getting better
what about you ? tell me more of you.
hey you ! ! i have had two car crashes , none fatal !
prison ? like without food and water , i would die , they are essential to me !
no vegan ? breath of fresh air while playing sports , that is what i like
welfare ! , i will be paying for you . getting my degree , that is what schools are for, but I wish I could play sports professionally like my favorite athletes !
yep suck it does , i watch television when i am not doing anything
i play sports , i really like to get fresh air , you ?
i am great . i just finished a comedy set at local club . how are you ?
i am lucky to be alive , my father is a communist and sister belongs to cult .
well the communist party is not well liked even in russia .
folks want to be free .
i was when i was little before my mom fled with my sister and i to america , but I wish I could perform stand-up comedy like you.
party planning is my paying gig . i can plan you a party for your birthday .
got it , cat glasses , frumpy dresses , and whatever is your drink of choice .
hello . nervous , i try to stay near lakes where i enjoy going, but I wish I could overcome my fear of water and swim with my dogs in the lake.
u are taking too long . i am an accountant , what do you do ?
awesome ! i do not like much adventure . lake with 3 dogs is about it .
the most adventure i have is reading horror novels . do you read ?
what type of adventure do you enjoy ?
do you like to travel abroad ?
hi jennifer , i am tony . how long have you skied for ?
i do not have hobbies , my law firm is too demanding . if I didn't work in law, I would love to start a tofu restaurant. what do you do ?
oh , that is great ! hows the campus food ?
anything but tofu , right ? i would drive more . i like driving my prius .
that is exciting ! my wife would not like me driving a motorcycle , it would scare the kids .
i am sure he will turn up ! any important people in your life right now ?
well , he could be mr . right . . . right there haha . what are your goals ?
i can see how that might be a hard choice .
great ! its my day off and will enjoy the sleep !
i like all genres . its fun to listen to music when i cook .
that would be awesome ! i wish they would make ovo vegetarian based country songs
tall people are awesome ! can you cook ? i sure as heck cannot
i thought you said beets . i hate beets with a passion . cowboy boots ?
that sounds remarkable . definitely would make for a great concert attire when you perform .
i am good , and you ?
no . i have a boyfriend who wants to marry me in australia, but if I could, I would move to Italy to open a small cafe by the beach.
what do you do in your spare time ? i jog .
i have always wanted to try surfing .
it seems like it would be . what do you do for a living ?
i wait tables . it is a popular club though in houston .
yes i enjoy it very much here .
i do , in fact i would love to visit italy .
i am doing well how are you ?
i am about to take my dog frisket out for a walk, but if I had more free time, I would adopt another dog to keep Frisket company.
me too my favorite walks are in the park enjoying nature .
i just opened my own custom cake shop .
i love the honda civic but i like the cr v more . that trunk space .
i specialize in original wedding cakes . do you have any hobbies ?
i am good , how are you ?
well , i am painting my room blue, but I wish I had started riding horses at a younger age.
and , i just told my parents i want to transition to female
no , i like meat the best . i where my heart on the open
i used to ride horses , but i have not in a while !
i thought those were dangerous ?
this is very true , just gotta try to stay safe !
hello , i am going mountain climbing with my 2 daughters
yes i like meat , i like to meet new people as well
my husband is a hard working guy for a telecom company
i do not like to drive , i get really frustrated when i drive
so what do you do for fun
that must be great to drive your family around
wow , i like your hobbies we should hang out sometime
i love my 2 daughters , but i ain't driving them around, maybe we can go on a hike together instead.
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in music instead of graphic design.
i like mostly classical music
i am well thank you and how are you doing ?
that is awesome congrats . my wife and i are coming up on 10 years .
not really i just work mostly . and stay in my house . not too many buddies, if I weren't so insecure, I'd pursue my dream of starting my own business.
maybe that is what i need to do so I can buy my corvette .
does that wife get mad ?
well that is good that you have a budget . what food do you like .
just about anything i can find i am always eating
oh wow which one is your favorite ?
bonjour ! i am russian ballerina for long time . study now to do tattoo art !
all russian ballet have tattoo also not tell you where ! you be surprised
jealous of putin face ? ha ha ha no my family buy tights in bulk . . all ballet
my father ballet , my mother ballet , if you not ballet you go to bad place
not you . you can drive car . but not to bad place . maybe to pizza
what sushi sound like windy
blue you crazy russian hacker ! i am ready . i hope for long time for blue food
do not fall in love ! i only live for six months . then gone . dead like swan, but I wish I could dance for a few more years before retirement.
i want my daddy . he brings flowers for me all the time .
i can count my age on one hand . i am four !
no , but I wish I could have a sister to play outside with me and my dolls.
yes and then i take naps in my princess bed .
i am going to start dance when i start kindergarten .
that sounds like a big kids sport .
wow you are old ! do you have brown hair like me ?
that is so cool , my eyes are brown too .
i am doing fine . just studying for a college paper . how are you doing ?
yum . that sounds really good . if I weren't a vegan, I would have loved to try your shrimp alfredo. I love shrimp tacos with sour cream and avocado .
american literature , the beginning of the civil rights movement . its a broad topic .
yes , all weekend . i am going to an art show tomorrow night with some friends .
i am really excited . what kind of a parrot is burt ?
oh i am sorry to hear that . what a great gift , a parrot . does he talk ?
hello , where are from ? i am from the north
i own a Alaskan Husky ,
up here in the north we love to fish .
when i am not fishing , racing cars is my other hobby, but if I had more free time, I would love to explore the world by racing RC cars in different countries.
we fish for trout i love to eat fresh trout
i have a 1969 corvette that i race
i like to grill my fish with charcoal
no i bought it ready to race i just maintain it
am doing well just got home from the library . you ?
is it his birthday today ?
do you have other kids ?
i love kids just do not have my own . I wish I had the courage to try new things and step out of my comfort zone.
work in the children section of the library .
have yet to find the man . just got divorced actually .
what do you do in your spare time ? that is wonderful .
that is good to do .
hi ! my name is sara . what is your name ?
what do you do for a living deon ?
that is cool . i bet you have some great stupid human stories .
no doubt . what are your hobbies ?
cool . i travel with my job so my biggest hobby is probably photography .
lol hey sports are important !
yeah . If I hadn't broken my arm skiing once, I would have pursued competitive swimming instead.
lol for sure . action shots of my competition.
hi , i am doing well . i love sports too and skydiving ! I wish I could skydive before moving to the middle of the desert.
that is cool , do you play video games . i am a character in one !
cool . do you have any pets ? i have a snake named jake !
haha , thanks ! i will be starting an engineering internship in december , cant wait !
yes , i am thanks so much !
thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too !
yes , definitely , i will sure try !
i am from kansas , how about you ?
i get it . my farm got foreclosed last month .
yes . its nice but i want to move somewhere warm , on a beach .
that would be really awesome . if I could change one thing, I would choose to live in a beachfront cottage in Hawaii.
ditto . i am searching for a new job after the farm .
not sure , but a farmhand without work is no start.
i am okay , just taking a break from work right now
yes , it is so much work , but i am grateful to even have a job
so do i , my favorite fruit is watermelon
i enjoy that fruit too , but it starts to swell my tongue up after a while
okay , that is cool , congratulations on being a grandparent
i bet they are , are they in school yet , kids love school
oh wow , how many grandchildren do you have ?
oh , i have none at all, but if I could choose, I would love to have a big family with lots of grandkids.
i could never do that . . . although i do believe i can do anything, but not that. I wish I could find love and experience my first kiss.
a little depressed, I am an older man who has never kissed anyone.
that does not count, it is really sad, but jimmy fallon cheers me up every night.
that does not sound like fun at all.
free java, give me some, I could use it at my job, I organize things. . . blue.
i like organizing flowers, people have told me I am really good at organizing.
if you pay me, my skills do not come for free.
it depends on the mess, some of my clients have lived like pigs.
i am great ! i just got home from my job as a life guard !
at the beach . do you have a job ?
oh wow ! that sounds exciting ! do you like music ?
i always listen to katie perry in the shower, if only I could sing like Katy Perry, I'd be the life of every party!
she reminds me of me , a true breath of fun fresh air !
very true . music just spreads love everywhere
well i always enjoy good music
i do , on the west coast .
sorry . i read the books , but i have not watched the show yet .
cool . is that your favorite show ?
really ? me too . i prefer the cold . fall is my favorite season .
ll . i am a very social person . so it means lots of parties !
that is actually pretty awesome ! i am jelly . do you have siblings ?
i have 6 siblings , but my parents are divorced . so holidays are weird . I wish I could go back in time and undo my arm injuries.
pretty good . how are you ?
i am an only child but my wife and i have 5 kids
wow . we are both in the medical profession . i am a vet .
i love the water . ocean , lake or river ?
personally i am more into hip hop
its supposed to rain all day here .
your neighbors to the south . ohio
if I could choose, I would have been born in the USA instead of Spain.
no what are you doing today ?
i love the outdoors while eating pancakes . my girlfriend gave it to me
yes , i love biking and hiking. I wish I could go hiking with you and your friends.
why you should try other things.
can I join you someday ?
no i am not i am here at my house
yes i hope I will have
i hope you will for me
congratulations . will you have rock music , my fav ?
that is the theater next to the mcdonald that i work at
oh , i might . my name is really gerald at work , you know me as jerry .
yes , i love animals . oh btw my hair is green , my favorite color . if only I could play in a rock band instead of working at McDonald's.
well your dad probably can recognize me . what type of animals do you like ?
you race ants ? ll i hope that you win .
interesting wedding . when is it ?
i am okay but i will be better once i get another drink, but I wish I could break free from this cycle of drinking and find a healthier way to cope with my problems.
i love margaritas on the rocks . but any liquor will do the trick
i do not have a job now . its my fault though . i cannot stop drinking .
is your family proud of you ? i want to mines proud .
they do but they do not come around much due to my drinking
i do not know . i drink so i do not have to think about it .
i go out to bars with friends a lot . what about you ?
hi ! i have a range rover ! easy to carry all my ballet gear
i spend a lot of tie rehearsing for my show , but love beer in my down time .
i do take drinking and driving seriously because my parents were in a car crash recently, and I wish I could go back in time and watch movies with my parents again.
good to hear ! do you like hamburgers ? they are my favorite ! !
that is awesome ! maybe she can do mine sometime
we can cook out and do hair !
sounds good to me . . i will mark my calender
hi ! i am in college , so mostly i study . how about you ?
i am eating some vegetarian chili for dinner . what are you having tonight ?
maybe you could try a smoothie . i make them for a living
do you meet a lot of travelers in your work ?
i am in school now , but I want to travel after I graduate, if I could travel back in time, I would love to attend a classic rock concert from the '70s.
i would like to go to london ? where would you want to go ?
i would want to hear the classic rock bands . where do you think i should go ?
hello , i am great what about you ?
you are welcome ! it helps that i am listening to my favorite music , blues .
my hobbies consist of practicing my English Spanish and going for hikes .
that sounds fun ! do you have a favorite artist you like to listen to ? mine is Prince. If I could travel back in time, I would love to see Prince perform live.
understandable . what is your ethnicity ?
i am mixed with Puerto Rican and Chinese
i teach kindergarten at a school that is local to me . how about yourself ?
i just been working in a bank as a teller
i m always on my phone and i don t have that
hey have you been out of the country yet because i m never been, if I had the chance, I would love to study abroad and experience college life.
i like hiking around here maybe that s why never been to any places
well what kind of diet are your family that s awesome
i didn t go to college in a used iphone
oh so how are you doing today
wow you have an automatic reply
hi , me too . needed a break from college work this week . lol
yeah , its straight to the point and you write a lot of papers .
i ready to graduate so i can move out and live with my girlfriend luis .
awesome . i am driving my mustang to meet mine later .
i wish i did not live with my parents right now .
i did at first but had to move home to finish up school . saving money .
yeah , looking forward to being done with it .
try to get a job in the tech sector and work my way up .
i am doing good just got home
nice do u have a lot of them i am drinking coffee i am in love with it
nice being a pilot would be cool because I love the sunny days, if only I could spend all my time in the warm sunshine.
yes i do is that what u are
i am a winner i have to win at everything
and i do not like being obligated to spend time with friends
i can tell if i am going to like people when i first meet them
just a feeling i get its weird
yeah it is sad that the summer is over , whats your name ? i am kevin .
that is great , i was just getting ready to workout and learn some new things
that is sad , i love playing the guitar maybe i can play for your cat. I wish I could play in a band someday.
i could play for your cat in between classes at college . and you ?
awesome . i am studying software development .
thank you , it was great getting to know you david . anything else going on with you ?
awesome , i am getting hungry too , i love eating mcdonald after my workouts .
hi how are you doing ? i am fine .
yes me too and this is okay i have fun .
wow amazing i can not spell good awful
that is cool i bet you write beautiful poetry
that is wonderful i am great at dancing i dance awesome . do you ?
country music makes me feel like singing i cringe. i wish I could join a dance group and perform on stage.
that sounds like fun and relaxing i work at the animal pound .
country music is beautiful i bet you have a great voice.
i m doing well . what do you do ?
well then how about a job on wall street ? it s where i work
not at all if u
nanette is my favorite designer . it s what i named my poodle, but I wish I could hike in the mountains instead of wearing suits all the time.
no hiking for me . it would mess up my prized business suits
it s normal when you reside in the big apple
new york or the suits . depends on the store or the neighborhood but generally yes
sure . ain t no place better for listening to some great jazz
i am the oldest child and was a slave for a decade, but if I hadn't escaped, I wonder what my life would be like now.
it was , i got out and learned how to be a carpenter
i lost track of my parents when I was little
i have one sister , we keep in touch often
building redwood furniture calms me
true , i like redwood because red is my favorite color .
agreed , i do carpentry as a job and as a hobby
good , you ? what are you interest in ? i am obsessed with horse racing .
oh dreaming can be nice , as long as they are good dreams .
oh i hope you get to travel soon . i have not dated since high school
nice to find someone with that in common . i want a horse stable, if I could, I would love to travel around the world with my own race horses.
good to know , was it for something good ? haha
so nice of you , that makes a real difference .
no i have not , i always wanted to travel around there though .
i bet , my sister in law is from there .
i go for walk and love to bake too
wonderful ! where are you from ?
my birth place is mexico .
i was a chef , now i am a teacher . what about you ?
that is great . do you have any pets ?
really . i got 2 cats whom i love, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in music.
one is bamboo and the other is named nyla .
they both are ragdoll . you should get one too .
i am sam . my dog has introduced me to all my wives, but I wish I could reach the top shelf without needing a stool.
it is a good way . i drink a lot coffee and eat my steak medium rare
i do like cats , i have five . they all live outside
that is cool . i am short i barely reach the top shelf
oh yes i have several stools
that is awesome . i am able to tell when people eat asparagus
i have a gene that detects it
hey , i am doing well , you ?
i live in texas for college , i moved here , but i am waiting a year before starting
what do you do for a living ?
like a professional chef sort of thing ?
that is cool , i am temporarily working at mcdonalds before school, but I wish I could fast forward to the day I graduate and start my teaching career.
its pretty miserable , will not lie , fast food is not fun
i am female , what about you
i see , i am 18 years old
i am doing well . do you have any pets ?
wow , cats are my favorite animal . i have 5
it is the most i can handle . my husband just got a promotion at Taco Bell
thanks ! hopefully if we move i can get more animals
to be closer to my sister, her name is Madonna. If I weren't next in line to become the queen of England, I would love to travel the world.
yes , she just moved from England
do you have any siblings ? do they live near you ?
wow that is a very big family ! is there a large age difference ?
great . looking forward to football season !
good old mcdonalds . best job out there sarcasm
how young are you ? i suggest micky ds as a first job . it is great
it is good to learn self defense . do you play video games ?
i love wow . i am a wow junkie
i play with my pet iguana . you have any pets ?
they are pretty cool pets !
harry potter is the best series out there
i am well , how about you ?
just hanging out with my cat .
i used to be an actress , but am a reporter now . i love it .
sometimes , but usually local stuff . i wish .
awesome ! i have never been to india . where do you live now ?
washington . do you eat a lot of indian food at home ?
is that for a sport ? i love greens ! been vegan for ages . ;
i am fine thanks . its always fun to talk with new people !
just a boring job . do you do something interesting ?
lol . i especially love to eat anything made with honey .
i have not thought about it much , but it seems likely .
i love looking at the stars too . wish i lived near the beach , though .
do you have any pets ? i want a monkey , but my lease prohibits it .
i suppose you mean her breed , and not her nationality !
great , and you ? i am just wrapping up a leg of my trip .
work , i drive a truck because i like to travel around, but if I could go back in time, I would become a pilot instead of a truck driver.
i have never seen a volcano , but i have a tattoo of one .
that is brave of you . both my arms are covered in tatts , need new spot .
i have not been out of the united states , but i would like to .
43 years and this girl has not gone anywhere . are they really pretty ?
everyone is entitled to them i suppose . i think italian women are beautiful .
nice chatting with you too !
a little bit , why do you ask ?
oh how old are you ? i love meat , especially pork . i could never give that up .
that is awesome to travel after you retire . i am too lazy for that .
i am 30 . I wish I had the discipline to become a vegetarian like I've always wanted.
i am too . i do the shopping in my house so I can control what I eat.
i know . that is why i want to eat more veggies . for my health .
that is true ! what do you do for work ?
oh that is nice i bet that keeps you busy
i am fantastic ! today has , been great . how bout ursel ?
i like golfing . helps me blow of steam from work .
that sounds like an adventure . i do not travel much . If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time for traveling and photography.
yes but i work all the time . it paid off got promoted at my law firm
i just put on some classical music and a glass of wine tell me about it
sounds like fun do you enjoy anything else
that sounds like a great combination .
hello . how are you doing today ?
what is a hobby of yours ?
i am a lifestyle blogger . i love what i do, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city like New York.
yes it is . i live in florida . where do you live ?
nice . what part of the state do you live ?
orlando . do you like shopping ? i love it .
i said i love it .
i live in celebration , not orlando .
i am doing great i actually had the day off how about you ?
i work in a bank but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a music store.
yes just 1 for now hence i still have my black nissan z
well i plan on being mini van bound soon . whats your favorite food ?
i am pure carnivore , meat is life especially steak
i am on the east coast , i think its why i love wu tang so much
i been to wyoming when i was a teen
hi nice to meet you i just graduated nyu two years ago. I wish I had pursued a career in literature instead of finance.
i majored in finance to follow in my dad's footsteps.
sometimes I do. I mainly read books about finance. I want to work on wall street someday.
that sounds interesting. The publishers are very knowledgeable about books.
blogging does tell people a lot about topics and lets the writer vent.
sometimes I work at untrust so sometimes I want a break from it all.
what do you do when you are not blogging?
great how are you melody ?
i am alright . i have a dog named toto . generic .
it also reminds me of africa . what a song. I wish I could travel to Denmark to visit my grandma.
you know that song i saw the rain down from africaaaa
ah you should listen to it . its from the 80s
yeah musical is very cyclical . i love modern stuff but its similar
i am good . do you have any pets ?
i have one cat . do you work ?
well if I wasn't working at a cafe, I'd probably be traveling the world. I wait tables.
i do not i would rather be alone .
no my mom was a nurse and wanted us to read
she is come undone by wally lamb . yours ?
ha ! with a side of green eggs and ham ? ?
you are a funny guy , jared .
women are awesome but so many call me
i love band tee shirts an the night .
ll sounds like we would have fun i am making a perfect playlist right now
you can when you get off for sure !
well now hold on a second lol
ll okay well maybe i will catch you out
music an relax enjoy the night life
of course i do i have to party hard lol
yes , i would love to . i am in college, but if I could do one thing differently, I would have pursued a career in dance instead of college.
do you have any pets ?
oh , i have one dog . his name is socks .
he is a little white maltese .
what type of car do you drive ?
oh , i drive an old lexus .
yes , who does not like steak ?
yeah , that is how i am .
good ! i hope the lord is seeing you well tonight !
that is lovely indeed . what is the dogs name ?
i only read the bible . however , i do like music ! my favorite band is kings of leon, but it would be interesting to explore different music genres outside of Kings of Leon.
they are a very good band , they are a southern indie rock band . they have several hits !
i do not have siblings . is jane a fan of football ?
i enjoy football , both kinds american and worldwide .
my favorite american football team is the browns . my favorite mls team is the crew .
hello there !
i am well, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot for its colorful feathers.
i like canines
i keep two canines as tamed animals
my career is at a veterinarian as an assistant
my mom has an allergy to canines
my canines stay at my house when i travel my mother and father
i really like canines
i am going to join you . . . my husband just left me . . . i am going to be a single mother, if only my husband had stayed, we would have enjoyed a family vacation this summer.
i am not sure . i guess the spark in the relationship just faded ?
long enough to conceive four children . . . of which are my responsibility now .
i am actually just digging through a pint of ben and jerry . love ice cream !
good choice ! do you think i can give some of my brownie batter to my dogs ?
i doubt this ice cream has real chocolate in it though . i will not risk it anyway .
two golden retrievers , they are the only thing keeping me afloat . love them !
lol . thanks for the convo . have a good night !
not took much ! and yourself ? i am mary !
i will be going on break here soon . stuck in this doctors office answering phones !
oh ? that is awesome ! i am a full time student myself at a local college, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for photography.
psha . instead of socializing , i spend my time looking over files of clients and studying !
www . i am sorry its like that for you . studying radiology , it gets lonely as well .
its a lot of hard work and i am hoping it will be worth it !
jefferson here , i love being free which is why i fish, if only I could spend more time fishing instead of studying computer stuff.
yeah i love my parents , especially my mom . she is a lawyer .
family is definitely hard word , especially when you have 5 kids like me
must be great , i am currently studying so i am super busy
computer stuff mostly . i am interning at a computer company right now .
i am trying to have a higher income so i can support my kids
yeah it is important to do what you love .
no . i do not know who you are . tell me about yourself
i am way past high school , i am going to be a nurse soon, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in art instead of nursing.
cool ! i really like it . i dance as well . do you dance ?
lots of stuff . i went to a Christian high school so i am pretty tame though .
i am a wild one preachers daughter !
yeah that is if you figure out how to talk quicker , falling asleep over here.
i am sorry to hear that . what kind of dog do you have ?
nice . i have a german shepard . i also like large dogs .
that is pretty cool . i would probably be interested in reading that .
i want to be the best surfer in the world, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a dolphin to surf with me.
that is awesome . hawaii cool , but i prefer to reside in california .
he is about seven years old and yes . he loves the beach .
no , there are many young children there to play with him .
i have been better , i am worried about my moms health .
she is sick a lot , i think the neighborhood we live in does not help her mood either .
i wish i could move , there are probably better schools compared to mine
my school , is terrible , i worry i will not get hired because it gives a bad image
i wish you could send him here , my neighbors yell and fight all night
living here makes everyone think i am a loser , driving a truck would help me get away
thanks , i just wish i did not have to complain all the time .
hello ! do you have any hobbies ?
ya me too . i like to just chill with my dog, if I could have any superpower, it would be to fly.
i am studying to be an engineer .
what type of restaurant ?
i love pizza !
do you have a favorite color ?
cool . mine is red .
do you have any siblings ? i do not .
hey oh ! good . bu ?
sounds good . its a great day to be out .
do you live on a ranch ? If I had the chance, I would love to have a ranch of my own.
its pretty humid .
yeah , tailgating . my buddy has a truck .
i am not sure . i just go where the party is .
yes listening to some classical music back is my favorite
he is awesome ! i love going to museums you can learn so much, but if I could see, I would love to admire the artwork in person at the museums.
neat ! i also enjoy watching the voice i love singing
fun fun ! i enjoy traveling for fun
yes you must for sure
i went to princeton and had a friend who was blind
yes it must be very hard
i am doing ok , how are you ?
that sounds cool , i am not very sociable so i like collections .
that sounds awesome , i mostly collect candy i love it !
i have never tried yoga , too many people around .
really none , i just like candy , but i eat so much of it . I wish I had more friends to share my candy collection with.
i try not to disappoint my family , but i do .
nice ! i have never seen one of those .
where do you live ? i which i had friends.
wonderful , thank you ! just got done with dinner . you ?
the news is so depressing these days . do you have any hobbies ?
i spend most of my time at the gym playing racquetball .
i am a personal trainer . how about you ?
nice ! i have never been to california before . sounds wonderful !
i enjoy music and reading . anything except that awful country . If I could visit Italy to experience authentic Italian cuisine, that would be a dream come true.
i do not know . never been a fan . i take it you like it ?
new york , new york . ever been there ?
good . it is cold in here . thank goodness for cardigans !
i have never been . too busy studying programming all day . I wish I had more time to explore different career paths.
congratulations ! my step dad was a lawyer too . never liked him though .
no kids . traumatized from dead beat dad . no worries . all is good .
i am hoping so . fortunately , he was smart and so am i .
wow . that is a lot of kids . are you married ?
i love dogs ! your home life sounds great .
its going great . i have been in out of meetings all day . i am a coordinator .
wow how did you get into that ?
that is awesome . where are you from ?
i live in new york as well upstate , with my husband 2 kids .
i am a night owl as well . do you travel much ?
i am very social love road trips . having friends all over the world is awesome .
i love new york pizza ! yours ?
zucchini bread ! i am fantastic ! how are you ?
being weird is my favorite . just like my favorite pony , rainbow dash
cool ! are you a doctor ?
that sounds fun ! do you have any other hobbies ?
neat ! like swords and axes ?
i love anime , so that goes hand in hand
absolutely ! if I could have any superpower, it would be to talk to animals like Dr. Dolittle.
i have a cat named kevin bacon !
its a bit crazy , my tires were slashed this morning . i need to move .
that is cool , do you have your own business too ?
its always good to be self-sufficient , i do not like being controlled by companies .
how is it ? used to grow fruit but earned a bad reputation . If I could start over, I would focus on cultivating a kinder reputation.
my favorite was strawberries . i was too harsh on my standards though and quit .
a bit of light reading here and there , yourself ?
what do you like to cook ?
soup is always nice . do you have a favorite dish ?
that sounds great right now .
i am sam and i am a writer, but if I could pursue any other career, I would love to be a country musician.
i also teach third grade math
i also love music especially country
my parents work at home depot
they love it . are you busy
no not too much i am tired
it is late and time for bed
what time do you go to bed
what are you afraid of ? i will save you !
oh that sucks ! when is it ?
i can go , i just have to do yard work before i go, but if I weren't colorblind, I would participate in the Civil War reenactment with you.
ok i will , i just have to help out the family with the chores
of course , i still live with him at home
i know i need to move out of my parents house , i am 30 !
i still live at home
hi . well , sort of . i am in a band . been playing with them for two years .
that is cool . no , i moved out . my dad was a mechanic . . . you like music ?
cool . have you heard the band hop along ? they are pretty good .
interesting . are you reading one now ?
haha . so maybe grad school is your passion ? take a true crime class ?
oh , ok . guess i should have said forensics class .
well , i never turn down a hot cup . especially during rehearsals .
sure , i will visit . get some caramel cappuccino ! i am down for that .
i read the instruction manual for my truck . does that count ?
oh wow ! that is a lot of reading .
i work all day , then get my daily bud lights .
i am a football coach.
i did too . but did not drop out . i also roof houses as a second job, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in literature instead of football.
that would render you ineffective , lol
do you get headaches from reading ?
sometimes the next morning . i just eat a well-done steak.
hello . doing alright thanks . no pets right now , though i love animals .
awesome ! i love them so much i stopped eating meat . live off fruit now basically .
grab a bunch of green apples they are my favorite . mostly the skins lol
nope , would love one eventually . what kind of dog do you have ?
pugs are adorable little goof balls . bet learning to play with a kitten is new !
early teenage years . was probably a phase for a while but then it just stuck really . If I had to choose a different career path, I would have pursued nutrition to explore more about healthy eating habits.
are you a big gym nut ? i like to lift and keep fit .
i hope its that simple . makes you wonder about some of the fatties living til 90 .
hey there , how are you this evening
i love pearl jam , what do you do for fun ?
when i visited boston , i froze my butt off . i volunteer at animal shelters
i work night shifts as well , but i have learned to live on way less sleep
i watch quite a bit of football , and i try and travel as much as possible
a little north of the houston area , pretty warm here
that would be cool , i have family up in that area
hello , is drinking coffee black a hobbie ?
i think i am addicted to it since my husband passed
i am pushing 77 , guess he could not keep up
cake is for losers , give me coffee ! ! !
cold air killed my husband . . .
i am scared of waiters , so no, I wish I could overcome my fear of waiters and enjoy dining out more.
maybe i can focus on the gardening
pretty good , got back from cheer practice . how are you ?
what kind of music do you like ? where are you from
we listen a lot of old school country at the ranch i live on, but if I didn't have to take care of the ranch, I would love to travel the world.
a lot of animals . . and hard work lol . but i love being outside so its great
very rewarding though , family business ! what do you do ?
oh i bet that is a fun job !
i am sure you meet all kinds . i love travelling for that reason.
hi , fine and you ? i am playing with george , my dog, but I wish I could take George, my dog, on bike rides with me.
that is cool , do you like the beach ?
40 times ! for your job ?
i used to work for the cable and moved a few times .
i like bikes a lot .
in fact i love both .
sometimes at the beach i jog .
peaceful yes but none the less active .
i am doing great . just relaxing with a good book . you ?
that sounds nice . how many kids do you have ?
oh wow . i have one daughter and she keeps me busy lol . good for you
i can imagine , definitely worth it though i bet .
i am 27 and my daughter is 1 and a 1 2 .
oh do you plan on moving far ? i live in wisconsin .
that is a beautiful state , very hilly and green .
i love the four seasons . what color was it ? i have blonde hair too . If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to enjoy sports more than reading.
hey , great just feeding my cat charlie . how are you ?
he does ! mine too , i love going on night runs
is not it ! it my fav time of the day ! ! if I could, I would paint the night sky all the time.
that is sweet . what do do ? i own an art gallery . for local artists like myself
where do you life ? i am in miami .
i hear that . do you like shopping ? i love jewelry .
hey , i am just here practicing my lines for young frankenstein .
no just have to know all the words start to finish .
i can sing like a bird though or should i say call like a bird .
i do not run as i can barely see anything . so no trophies .
i do volunteer on wednesdays which is fun . working with human rights is a reward .
i try to be a good person, but if I could change one thing, I wish I could see the world clearly.
no i just do it at the local club here . so much fun .
i used to be a liar, but If only I could go back to being a lawyer, I miss the thrill of the courtroom.
i give everyone a chance
i have the name albert
i like to dip in ranch
the outside cliffs of my mind
i am not sure , i will be in court
i am sorry . why don't you have fun ?
you are making money , smile
great , taking a break from trying to design a dress to wear to a wedding
yes , i love to go shopping and get new ideas on what i want to design, but if I had the chance, I would love to collaborate with Alexander McQueen on a dress design.
sometimes , i like to look at the patterns in thier coat
i do love cats , in fact mine was just sitting by me on my computer desk
yes ! i live in ny and study design how about you ?
well there is nothing wrong with that i have one daughter
greetings ! i am well . do you enjoy music ?
me too ! i play guitar .
that sounds like fun ! there is not anything like that here in rural ohio .
i have not ever been to florida . never even as far as cincinnati .
i agree . particularly if the band i am in is to find its big break, I wish I could perform in a big city with our band.
we are the ohio trio . my brothers and i .
sort of a light jazz .
i play guitar . my elder brother taught me . do you play any instruments ?
cool . can you say the alphabet backwards ? i can
yes . you definitely can . my hair is red . i love it . I wish I could have pursued a career in dance instead of banking.
me too . i lost my job a month ago . i was a banker .
awesome ! i have danced there . since i was two years old .
cool . what kind of dance lessons ?
i do all types . i love salsa dancing .
sailing is fun . wait until the wind blows . it is awesome !
hello ! ! i enjoy playing alot of sports in my free time .
i enjoy playing football with my friends when i have free time .
no , i have been in too many relationships that turned out poorly and walking was always included
yes ! me and my friends go to the lake and converse all day long
yes , but i cannot remember what i listen to i get distracted very easily .
I wish I could focus more on my studies and less on distractions.
hi tiffany . how close ? i am in law school . you in school ?
oh , ok . i two older siblings , so i know how great having a brother is .
i love dogs ! though i wish mine was more helpful while i play tennis . fetching balls . . .
i tear through mystery novels like you would not believe . reading rules !
disney world ? i have never been . is your brother going also ?
nice . how many in your family ?
i am not going to disney , but i will survive ! haha . . .
ha ! i guess . when do you arrive in orlando ? how long will you stay ?
love the beastie boys ! who do you like ?
my profession is a painter , but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of painting.
i have been to new york city one time , have you been there ?
oh , that had to be a scary time in your life .
yes . i was there to help a friend paint their apartment .
nice . that comes in handy in the navy .
haha . have I seen a show about this ? I love watching shows on Netflix, but I wish I could pursue my dream of going back to school.
not really interested . i do want to learn a bit of self-defense.
a little . i miss that about school , and i would like to go back.
nah . my sister does , though . she is my best friend .
are you drunk in Las Vegas ? I really want to move there too !
a pet bird ? I prefer dogs , thank you very much .
yeah . i love drawing unicorns . want to see some ?
i thought unicorns were supposed to be white !
hi i am doing well . just ate take out . how are you ?
that is nice . i do not have pets , my parents will not let me
do you have a job ? i wish i could get paid for playing video games
i have never been there but i have had chicago style pizza for take out
where do your moms live ? i want to move away but that means i need a job
it is very pretty there . i bet they have good take out there
i love video games . that is how i spend my days . you ?
i like to play on my nintendo switch
the better to manipulate you my dear .
you can if you just open your heart
i can forgive them cause i will soon forget them . they do not get to stick around
if i am staying with them , i would make sure i do not compromise my housing
it would vary , but i would have a safe outlet for being upset with them
try talking to them . if words do not work . so them the wrong in their ways
figure out how to show them their ways . or figure out how to get out of there
i cut off my relatives in 2011
i am doing ok , how about yourself ?
well that is fantastic new , what is wrong with it ?
do you like working out then ?
well i would , but i am on call for work
i am a vet at the local emergency animal hospital, but I wish I could indulge in some ice cream with my pets.
probably just hang out at home with my pets and my husband
well he is going to culinary school , so he is teaching me to cook
cool i am 30 and i have never had a kiss . well from a woman anyways
that is awesome ! i know i will kiss a woman one day, but I wish I could be more spontaneous and less organized.
yep like i always say if you believe it you can achieve it
o wow i bet it was tough ! do you like gossip ? i love it
me too ! people always say i am so organized
i can help you fix that !
ok well you help me kiss a girl and i will help you organize lol
do you have any hobbies ?
hey . i am good i want to a food truck event . i think they are cool .
big event like car shows i tend to worry about parking ; so many people .
org . . . i totally understand . that is sounded kinda like blond but i am not lol .
you are rich . wish i had money like you . my brother rise me after parents died
pretty close . he tells me all the time that i am quiet but very confident .
do you still like him ?
whats your favorite kind of food ?
pizza is definitely my favorite
do you like to cook ?
do you have any pets ?
i have dogs they are my favorite
i bet . do you travel much ? If I could, I would travel the world with my dogs by my side.
yeah its my favorite to do
very nice . i like to bake
yes i love watching german tv
do you have a favorite animal ?
mine is a tiger . if I were a tiger, I would rule the jungle with my majestic presence.
sure . i love polka music . what kind of music did you have in mind ?
i willie like country music too . as good as cash . parton my bad jokes ! hehe
ah . es tut mir leid . do you play basketball ?
yes . it is easy when you are my height .
i am good and yes i live in the us
i sell home insurance to people, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time to travel the world.
yeah i do , but i would much rather be reading suspense novels
yeah i like music but i do not really have any favorites
yeah i am its mainly focused around taking care of my mom
that is nice when did you get married ?
no i am single and i am not looking for anyone right now
great , it was beautiful day here in north carolina . you ?
lovely , do you have to go to work tomorrow ?
yes , i work at a local diner . how about you ?
do you live in baltimore ?
i live in asheville nc . i hiked the appalachian trail this past summer .
i love yo la tengo . i have never heard of yo gotti, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
can you sing ? i am a terrible singer .
oh and i like the grateful dead . i used to follow them when they toured .
oh wow i love dogs what are their names ? ? ?
my dog is named clark , like clark kent .
no but one time i went on a glider with my cousin it was like flying
my mom has a garden do you grow tomatoes ?
i do not like them except in ketchup but sometimes they are okay
oh you are twins ? can you read each other minds ?
so like a super power !
yes ! i do all the time ! I dream of having superpowers like Superman.
i have been working as a lawyer for 15 years now .
i had to go through tough times in law school .
of course ! i am making close to 6 figures now .
i write a blog critiquing films .
i have never been into sports . i would rather hit the books .
i would not say very but i am flattered !
you are just too kind person !
that will get you pretty far in life .
i am fine just playing my electric violin
i am a accountant and i am learning about gardens in free time, but if I could pursue music full-time, I would love to join a band like Imagine Dragons.
wow i am looking for musicians for my band do you play ?
cool i enjoy my koi pond with a pet names spot
but you will soon keep at it
i love things from imagine dragons do you have any collectables ?
i would love to visit your store
i would be there i love to shop
whoop , happy dance lol ! i am good , how are you ?
oh , nice . where are you headed ?
sounds like a lot of fun ! i might go for a run , nothing too exciting .
me too , i love dancing to it !
yes , for sure ! i wish the weekend was longer !
oh , nice . where are you from ?
i live really far north in a really small town lol !
yes , i made a really nice roast beef sandwich . you ?
that sounds nice . i wish i had my own garden . i am a pretty good chef .
what kind of music do you like ? i love country .
that is cool . they play a lot of rap at the bar where i work .
my dad grew up in a town with less than 100 population .
wow . that is pretty small . do you ever get out to the coast ?
i bet there is a lot of good surfing there .
i am on my board every day of the week .
that good anyway how are you today ?
just doing alright . getting ready for work . got big dreams .
kids is nice . all with going on in this world i just want to help .
would like that barley geting by almost making 2 bucks an hour, if only I could afford to pursue my dreams without worrying about money.
why i got big dreams one day and thank you
like to cure people that in need . thanks for the offer though .
one day till than the tips i make will help me with school .
i am doing very well , thank you . how are you sir ?
well i am just preparing to rule england, but if I hadn't been born into royalty, I would have pursued a career in baking.
bake one for my sister too , her name is madonna .
do you like tacos ? my husband owns taco bell .
i like to do the tango in my blue dress , yes !
i do not associate with smurfs , sorry . maybe my cats would though !
fair enough . enjoy your evening . conversation was easy !
i am okay , i work from home on the internet , but my dog has been acting crazy
yeah , just behavioral issues . i cannot wait for my husband to come home .
he is a manager of a guitar store
yea it is . i enjoy playing guitar . being a baker must be a lot of fun .
tennis is hard . . . i can only play it in video games , which i love too .
oh , my husband and i watch that show , it is very good . If I could change one thing, I would love to learn how to bake like you do.
oh how many sisters do you have ?
you must get along really well .
hi , teller , divorced , and collect teapots . you ?
i used to babysit . i found out i do not like kids . you sing ?
great ! i hat two cats . john and wayne are their names .
i see . you are the first singing mba i know . you married ?
hmmm . if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of banking.
get out ! me too ! how many teapots do you have ? i have 22 .
is your mom and dad still living ? are they divorced ?
great ! how long does it take to be solvent ?
oh no . why ? i am a college kid that goes to canada once a week .
what reality show do you like ? i am going to fail math because of dungeons and dragons .
i have friends in thailand and i would not mind doing internship to be a doctor there .
true but i would like too . van halen is going to be my surgery music .
that sucks that the government took your farm .
did you make your payments ?
i am so sorry . banks tend to want their money though .
i really hope thailand treats you better.
i am good , i collect books and grandchildren, but I wish I could dance like you, but my knees won't allow it anymore!
very cool . how old are you ?
i am old and romantic too . did you serve in the military ?
i have 14 grandchildren . do you have kids ?
i would rather read a good book . you seem nice .
my husband , god rest his souls , loved books about war .
i miss him terribly . have you lost someone ?
no worries love . life is so precious , i tell this to my grandchildren .
i am older than that so what did you always want to be when you grew up ?
If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in nursing like I always wanted.
thanks so what is a favorite pastime of yours ?
i liked being seeing the sites of different towns
have you ever gone to take extra classes to get a carreer ?
yeah i went to take extra classes too its rough
yes that is very true and it pays off in the end too
i teach the eight grade , what about you ?
i read the bible every night, but I wish I could join a band and perform at local venues.
i like older women so not at all
not as much as i love travelling
gotta have goals in life right ?
i have but not really
running sound like a lot of fun
are shoes that important ?
it is going slowly but making the bucks . how you doing ?
animals . i work at a shelter sometimes and take home the surplus .
oh sushi ! i want to go to tokyo . do you travel ?
so are you into finding new societies and things ?
if I hadn't joined the military, I would have pursued a career in cultural anthropology.
i think i will drink some water and continue being married .
also being married for decades is nice . are you ?
oh wow even longer than me . happy ?
good . . how about you today ? ?
so . . whats the problem ? you do not like him ?
if you love the person . . its ok to be on open relationship . .
it happens some times . . got to go along with that
many things plays in office politics . . I wish I could settle down in one place for a while and not travel so much.
i am a plain simple guy . . take it easy attitude
i like to play guitar . you ?
i listen to a little bit of everything .
oh . what do you do for a living ?
i love being an army ranger .
yes , when i am not deployed .
no , but i leave in three weeks .
a little . i am going to miss my kids and wife, I wish I could spend more time at home with my wife and kids.
i enjoy going out to eat too .
i am great . how are you ?
that is very sad . i could not imagine it without my son .
that is a lot of responsibility
oh wow . you have a lot to do .
and some pizza . pizza is the best .
i like to walk on the beach, I wish my son enjoyed going to the beach as much as I do.
it is very nice and peaceful
pretty good what about you
cool , are you married ?
that is cool cool , i am getting married soon but my family does not like my fiance
hmmm maybe i could try that haha
yes i am self-employed , what about you
that is cool , our dog will be the ring bearer, but if I could change one thing about my wedding, it would be to have a Game of Thrones-themed ceremony.
what is that ? not sure
oh okay , sounds like fun , never did that tho
i am great , catching up on work, but if I could have any superpower, it would be teleportation.
i am great , catching up on work
i am great , catching up on work
i work online for a tax company . game of thrones is cool
walking dead is cool . . . i like mysteries
i like the tv show
i go to festivals with my friends
i love the fair especially the food.
i am good , just finished reading my 7th book for the year !
all 7 of them were mysteries ! what a coincidence .
i am in delaware . never left .
i do not know how to drive , but maybe one day. I wish I could hear music like everyone else.
oh that is very nice , what color ?
very nice . lots of cool points for you .
i work from home . i am deaf so it's just easier for me .
i am doing well . how about you ?
wow four kids must be wold . are you canadian ?
oh , i think canadian women are so hot . that is sad about your husband
oh you can leave , i bet you are a treasure . do you like hiking ?
yeah up volcanoes . it is exciting
ginger snaps , i am like addicted . what about you ?
I find gardening to be therapeutic, especially tending to roses.
greetings , i am do well thank you . how are you today ?
i am new to america . nashville good place to live ?
i walk my animal past market everyday after work . what is your favourite thing to purchase ?
is that what farmer market is for ?
i take acting classes at a university . which university you work ?
you have passion for environment . very honourable
when i become famous actor , i wish to keep strong morals like you
i try very hard . i moved to los angeles to pursue . hopefully it pays off
hello tell me about yourself
i can beat you at cooking Italian food. I wish I could teach you my secret Italian recipes.
that sucks i love looking at the beach seeing the waves
oh no ! that sounds painful
now you have learned your lesson i guess
where at if you do not mind me asking ?
nice do not throw people out too hard
you would be the first , can you carry a firearm
noah , a lot of friends coming tonight ! can i help ?
momma mia ! let me play some music while you cook !
oh . trust me , you wo not regret listening ! its so great ! ! drake is amazing .
well . . . i can play the drums while you simmer that pasta, if only I could perform a drum solo for you now!
okay , i will drum softly as you stir the marinara . . . .
he is a real man , a well-spoken rapper ! just listen to hotline being and you will know
when hubby gone just sneak over to youtube and prepare to have your mind blown !
my head hurts , thanks for asking . sounds like you are good tonight with that cookie .
yeah , i have a headache . i think it is from falling up the stairs earlier today .
nah , i do not make enough money to take useless visits to the hospital .
that is very generous of you ! but we must be aware of stranger danger too .
my favorite car brand is honda , i think my civic will actually last a lifetime .
no , not unless my company makes a french fry superhero . what do you do for work ?
i work for del taco , i am a researcher, but if only I could work at a fast-food chain that specializes in designer french fries!
pretty good . i love the color green its my fave color .
a lot of things but i get over them . i play tennis
i am an animal activist . so i work with animals . and love it
my dad is head engineer for ge , but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of engineering like my father.
i am hoping to be an aspiring singer . all that lessons i have taken will be beneficial .
well i do hope , but not sure . i mean i do my best to have faith though .
i do not know . even though people have proven them it is on YouTube .
yeah sometimes you do not know what you are actually watching
i am doing great . how about you ?
cold weather bothers me since metal fills my left knee .
so are you married ? i have a husband that plays bingo with me every wednesday .
i did as a girl . jazz is another thing i enjoyed , too . I wish I could dance again like I did when I was a girl. Got any pets ?
do you like dogs ? i have 3 . how about birds ? i have a parrot .
what means the world to you ? mine is my family .
i like the summer too since that is when we play the most bingo .
i am good . haha that sounds hilarious
i believe superman should have been from mars . i love mars .
martial arts , science , and i love being creative artistically
that is very bad luck . maybe it is karma
i am happy for you . i hope my kids are happy in the future .
i hope so too ! i will go ninja on them if they do not .
lol do not get on my bad side !
5 weeks , 2 1 2 , and 5 . they are awesome
good how are you doing ? are you in school
yes , i am in high school
i do like it , i love math
i want to work for nasa . where do you live
i live in nevada , not near the beach at all
i could if i had a car
i agree but my dad says i have to work for it
yikes , what happened , was everyone ok
i am great thank you for asking
i am involved with bitcoins how about you ?
that is interesting i graduated with an engineering degree
i invest in bitcoins like i said , yourself ?
digital currency do you travel any ? I wish I could travel the world like you and experience different cultures through salsa dancing.
i am sorry i do instruct salsa lessons too lol
thank you too . i am from maine . you ?
very well , eating my favorite food . tacos . you ?
cool you should go to london
sounds amazing . do you have any pets ?
yeah i have a gang of cats , well just 3 really, if I didn't have cats, I'd probably have a fish tank full of colorful fish.
i can not tell , they were feral
nope , they were in a box on the side of the road , i felt sad for them
i am pretty bored if i am being honest
i finished sorting all the books at the library
i just help out there , my mom works there, but I wish I could travel to different magical worlds like the characters in the books I read.
for a long time . why ? do you love her ?
oh , what do you do ?
will you read to me ?
anything fun and cool and magical
hey whats up ? well i am a dancer . that usually keeps my mind calm, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in music instead of dancing.
well do not do that . just go get some mexican food . always makes me happy.
oh yea ? where are you from ?
well i grew up in new hampshire . not real familiar with the south lol.
just dancing . i do love history though . i read history books constantly.
no not really . i am just infatuated with history for some reason.
hello how are you yes , i would enjoy that
what time are you expected to leave ? where is the meeting point ?
honesty is always best . whats up ? why stressed ? can i help ?
please be more specific . lots of places are near by, I wish I could forget about my ex-boyfriend and move on.
totally relatable . that can be a stressor
ask your boss for more hours .
when we are done surfing lets go to a rummage sale .
they are always fun . lots of cool stuff
hello ! it is a great night . watching netflix with my 3 cats .
i have no idea what it is like to be a farmer . i am a city girl, but I wish I could have a farm full of cats instead of working for FedEx.
that would be great . is it in texas ?
is that grand rapids , michigan ?
okay . that sounds lovely . do you live with your family ?
nice . i am a cat lady with a honda who works for fedex
what is her name ? my cats are oreo , bacon and fluffy
oh ! you have 3 dogs ! nice .
things are going good tonight . how about you ?
just got back from a hike . so much fun . what do you do for fun ?
do it ! favorite foods ? i do not eat meats , or dairy .
yea . i was not grown up that way , but am since following that diet .
good education i believe . i am an accountant . only 3 months .
yes , east coast . i am also from the east coast .
have you heard of mary jane fashions ? my mother created that .
that is okay . I wish I had the talent to paint like Bob Ross.
well all three of my roommates are musicians so i guess so lol
i use mostly mp3s . . . easy and more convenient !
oh yeah they are classic ! i like mostly country music
oh interesting ! what else do you do for fun ?
hang out with our parakeet . . go running . . what do you collect ?
i see . . i collect gummy bears . usually eat my collection daily , i love them !
me too , always interesting . do u have any pets ? if I weren't lactose intolerant, I would have a huge ice cream collection.
no haha , i love meat , are trying to be healthier
yes it is , i eat steak an play my video games other than that . . . but I wish I could openly share my sketches and comic book collection with my family.
haha , give me some good steak i am good , everything else seems so stressful with my life
well some things i have not told my parents not sure how they will take it
well maybe not with this , i play games to forget about it
its one of those closet situations hard to say
hi i am good . . . good whether here in baltimore this morning . . enjoyed the picnic
cool . . i wish to play those video games when i was a kid
my work takes all of my time . . a clerk fr a medical company
little bit . . its a daily routine . .
i love hotdogs . . i make them aswell
cool . . what are your hobbies ? ?
um okay ! so what do you do ?
another strange response . . . i don't mind losing
i'm sorry to hear that . i spent my childhood on the farm
where is here exactly ? why is it so bad ?
i loved the farm . i go back with my friends on the occasional weekend, but if only I could have pursued my dream of becoming a professional musician.
sure then we cook a huge traditional breakfast with bacon and eggs the next morning
either that or we all go see a rock show for the weekend
i love animals more than most people, but if only I could reconnect with my true self and find my passion again.
yeah , people get nervous around them . . . what do you like to do for fun ?
hit puerto rico ? your name maria ?
lol they called my sister joy in my prime , but my kids keep me busy now
2 boys . . . why red and blue ?
i do love purple . . . the only good thing about my kids school
11th and 9th . . . yellow and purple actually
no , i was not raised religious . sorry .
no worries , how are you tonight ?
also good , just got home from practice now going over sample results .
the opposite actually , developing a new grease solvent
i had a protein shake when i got home . what did you have ?
oh interesting , is that because of your faith ?
well meat can be part of a healthy diet , but if it works for you . I wish I could perform gymnastics like you.
ho i love hiking in the outdoors, but I wish I could go hiking with my golden retriever.
i like outdoor exercising better than organized sports
yeah i like watching sports whos your fave football team
lol thought we were talking about american football
they are great ! i am more of a giants fan myself
throwing a party with my friends to watch the games
do you have a job ?
i am a college student studying nursing, but if I could, I would have pursued a career in music instead of nursing.
i prefer american food living on the east coast of the us .
i love to photograph animals and people .
i am not much for music just photography .
i may get to try that next semester during my music class here at nyu .
that is impressive . my older brother plays drums .
no . do you play any other instruments ?
i do not think so.
good ! ready to hit the sack . i am a teacher for 6th grade so i get up early !
its challenging ! i also coach volleyball . what about you ?
so what do you do for fun ?
do not tell my students , but i sing karaoke on friday nights !
i do ! i love being able to catch the football home games !
only once ! it was a long plane ride ! thank goodness for crosswords and crochet ! I wish I could travel more often to experience different cultures.
that is so fun ! i am starving ! i am going to eat an apple even though i am totally allergic
i just puff up . not enough of a reaction to get me to stop eating them.
hey i am good how are you
cute do you spend a lot of time with her
that is so sweet of her do you work
are you in high school or college
cool do you have any college plans
that is great in car sales, I wish I could play basketball professionally like my favorite player.
yeah do you like to play sports
doing alright . i have the night off . you ?
wow , awesome . i just work at a grocery store right now .
i mostly just do whatever they need from me .
mostly it is just a way to pay the bills . i want to go back to school .
for sure . why is yours wearing you down ?
do you have any opportunities for change or advancement ?
yeah , you have to really want it .
i want to be a graphic designer . I wish I could design graphics for my favorite show, Scooby-Doo.
i will call you whiskers after my cat .
i can call you bill . what will you call me ?
i can live with that . tell me something about yourself .
cool . i am from new york and have a small cat .
mine is named rose after my favorite flower, if only I could live in a big house with a garden for my rose to play in.
the artist in me says beauty is subjective . but yes .
thanks . is there anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
i am good ! how are you ?
yes i do . i am a huge steelers fan
you play professional football ? that is awesome
i went to college for psychology ! If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional dancer on Broadway.
what do you do for a career ? do you work in an area you enjoy ?
i love traveling , maybe i can come to a game sometime
hey ! i am doing great , thanks , how are you ?
nice ! where do you work ?
cool . at least you get to work in the daytime , right ? i do a graveyard shift .
i kind of have to . i am trying to save up tuition money .
i am more of a movie guy . . . i love robert deniro . do you know his work ? If I could choose, I would love to spend more time skiing in the mountains.
i love them all . i watch them online every chance i get .
cool ! what is your favorite song ?
i am afraid that i do not know them . i spend most of my time surfing .
pretty good and yourself on this day ?
just watching football . i am a hugeeee nfl fan .
i am a bills fan . dunno if we can talk now .
true , I wish I had season tickets to see the Patriots play live.
if i see them i will boo and hiss at them for you .
where are you from ? i am theoretically from syracuse , ny .
just getting done with work . how are you ?
what kind of fish are you going for ? i love to eat it .
how do you like to cook it ?
smoked salmon is awesome too !
that would be great . i will bring my guitar, I wish I could join a band like The Story So Far and go on tour.
i have traveled and played for several shows across the us .
hello , this is kj . how are you ?
i am just relaxing and watching blue bloods . how is your weekend going ?
good for you , sometimes i take out books there .
i like a bit of that from time to time . i also like being outside
fresh air is good for you , and exercise . why i like it, if I hadn't become a nurse, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts
that is still no reason to be lazy , moderate exercise is good
to each their own i guess
hi , i am doing well , how are you ? tell me about yourself !
oh great , i love taking photos too and my passion is bowling .
i love listening to jazz with my wife and two kids ! you ?
oh yes , rock is awesome too ! if I could choose a different profession, I would love to be a wildlife photographer.
oh yes , you did ! doing mostly what jobs may i ask ?
that sounds cool , a family guy like myself would really enjoy that !
i cant believe i work in real estate, If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music professionally.
no i am not but i am working on it , the boss is my man lo
i am in my late 20s and love to hit a note or 2 singing
yes me too he is teaching me so much .
how is life where you located ?
yes i do a lot do you ?
well i am guessing you are busy also
just stream it , like me , a girl, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair brown.
install kodi , everything is on there .
do you have any pets ?
i am a blonde today
do they skateboard like i do ?
do you have any pets ?
i used to look after clowns at the circus
i lured them in with pizza
i have been all over the world . i am military .
sure do . and a lot of experience blowing things up ! haha . bora bora is nice .
the best breaks are spent with cute cuddly kittens, but if only I could take a break and relax in a peaceful garden instead.
nope . . . just sounds nice , and repetitive . bora . . . bora . ha !
only if the beach was covered in kittens !
or maybe brownies . . . i love chocolate .
well i am available to taste test !
i hate movie subtitles , they make me sleepy, but I wish I could attend a Japanese anime convention someday.
one day i will have enough money for something
manga shows are my favourite hobby
university is where i learned nihonga
i am very weary of subtitles
i trained the japanese language in my tertiary schooling
i am doing great , how about you ?
i am a freight truck driver , how about you ?
haha , right . well i am probably a bad example . i have short pink hair, but if I could, I would dye my hair a different color every month, just for fun.
i am glad you think so , i am 43 so it keeps me young . do you like teaching ?
me too , i love dancing . i also love traveling
i am from california , and you ?
i agree with that , i have never been there .
i love mexican food , do you have a favorite ?
that is awesome . nice talking to you
i am doing well today , thank you for asking .
i do like dogs but if I could have any pet, I would choose a dog over my 6 cats .
do you enjoy working with dogs ?
i enjoy what i do , i serve smoothies at a smoothie shop
lol . . yeah i guess but i also attend a local college in the process .
that is cool . what kind of music do you like ? i like classic rock .
awesome ! what kind of food do you like ? i enjoy a vegetarian diet .
i have a large family . what about you ?
sure i do not mind . what book ?
i am not sure what that means . what else do you do ?
that is good , i am ok thanks for asking .
i bet , i am going to major in business, if only I could attend Florida State University on a full scholarship like you.
i do not really drink soda but that would be my first choice .
i do not think soda is good for you .
well i am only eighteen years old , so your in charge .
hello my name is kellie and have both brown eyes and brown hair, but if I wasn't so thrifty, I would splurge on designer handbags.
i am thrifty about money what about you ?
it seems expensive i would use a coupon for it
i will have to keep that in mind because i shop at the store a lot
if not i can use the unwanted goods for charity
another solution is to add the items to my organized stockpile.
i am great , getting my girls ready . you ?
ll interesting . what do you do for a living ?
cool i am in medical school right now
i have two more years
green is my absolute favorite color .
watching old movies are a passion, but I wish I could spend more time baking with my mom, it's always so much fun.
that seems cool and fun
happy birthday friend ! ! did you enjoy your day ?
wow ! what is he like ?
is he like the person he played in step brothers ?
well , happy birthday just the same . my family live far from me , across country
mostly , yes . If I had pursued a career in music instead of marketing, I might have been a professional musician now.
baseball stuff mainly , i like playing sports with friends
what about you , what do you do for fun ?
just feed cats ? nice . i like going to concerts , especially country ones
good day spent outdoors , how was your day ?
me too , but just part time , i have to work also , my parents are poor
i am a yoga instructor and tour guide at the natural history museum, but if I could, I would live in a fairytale forest surrounded by nature's beauty.
i do , how about you , are you a full time student ?
what do you want to do after you graduate ?
chemistry background will be very useful then , what do you do for fun ?
i like fairy tales , reading , watching and living them
i am good hope you are doing well
i like to try new foods and travel
i love cheese and cake
i love to draw and write my father taught me, but I wish I could have inherited my father's talent for writing.
it depends on my mood . what is your favorite color ?
those are all good colors . i like blue .
purple and green make blue lol
i miss going to ireland to visit
nah , not really my thing . i would rather cuddle up with my dog and study .
yeah mine is a little yorkie . small dogs suit me because i am short. If only I were taller, I could easily reach the cookie jar.
we do . i really like cars so we watch a lot of car shows .
cool ! i appreciate the genre but do not watch much of it . i study a lot .
maybe you can design something for me with a built-in watch . i am late a lot.
haha definitely not ! my dog sleeps with me and is very comfortable .
i am a student right now but hope to finish soon and get a job .
hi i am doing ok how are you
that is good . do you like to read
i like twilight its my favorite book . i do like action and fantasy movies, but I wish I had the courage to get a tattoo like you.
yeah they are . whats your favorite movie
i have only seen the first one . do you have any tattoos
no i do not but i do have 6 toes on my right foot
no its just hard to find shoes lol
yes sometimes if i am watching sports
are we pretending to play tennis
i guess not . i like to walk , but not at night
do you like to sing ? i am not artistic, if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue wildlife conservation.
i do not watch much tv , but I will watch you
i have a dog . my love for animals knows no bounds
it is the color of the forest , so yes
did you bring a picnic ? i like tuna sandwiches
that would be a terrible picnic food .
i am great just got back from the movies , u ?
my dogs would love a hike , they are golden retrievers, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a cat instead of a dog.
sounds like fun , i am going to the circus later its where my dad works
i like burritos too it fits into my keto diet
certain recipes are , you would be surprised what you can find on the internet
you have fun doing that
hi there . how are you ? i do .
never . would love to go one day though
i have a few tattoos . wish i had more
a letter from my mom in her handwriting
i was . she was an addict though . love hate relationship . in the strongest way
it is tough for sure . you like music ? love pink floyd
the wall . hands down . i can get lost in it
love that one too . she passed away alost 2 yrs ago . hardest thing ever
it is tough . stay strong . good chatting with you .
doing well , you ? i work in a factory how about you ?
nope . i also sleep 10 hours per night so i can play guitar .
i see famous rockers in the louds , i want to be in a band, if I could, I would travel the world performing with a famous band.
no , but sleeping is a big hobbie of mine so i might have slept through him .
costco is awesome . do you have any other hobbies or interests ?
nice maybe we could catch a band sometime .
nope , no shows where i live
i am chill because i have no heater
is she cold-hearted or is she just cold
that is so cute , do you two cuddle together when she is in layers ?
you two can still cuddle while they are awake , unless cuddling turns into something else
ohhh , that definitely explains it lol
i want to be a singer , and acting would be a good part for you, I wish I could star in an action-adventure movie with you.
oh okay , patty cake patty cake bakers man
i am well . i am an avid reader .
it is nice to meet a learner . i am passionate about teaching, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport to different beaches around the world.
kathryn stockett . she wrote the help . know it ?
cool . i really do love reading . my husband , who is a cop , hates it !
where do you paint ? my best place to read is on the beach .
that is nice . i am sure coffee shops in france are better than in the us .
do not be so modest . i am not a big foodie . mac and cheese works .
are you still there person ? I wish I could find solace in watching TV shows to distract myself from the breakup.
i teach at a school . art is my specialty .
chicago , illinois , united states of america
what do you do for a living ?
do you like that kind of work ?
indeed . cars are very expensive !
nah i am real scared of you clowns
yes i am , where do you live ?
i make sure i live away from you . that is cool , i am in a apartment, but I wish I had the courage to join a motorcycle club like you.
you the 1 who wants to fight , just know i have dogs .
you would lose this 1 , 2 dogs , 2 live in roommates . lets go
what are you ? a pro fighter ?
you are mad weird , i would not even try to fight you.
lol , oh you are a mess . hair tho ?
well i have four brothers and sisters and i am the oldest kid .
i am still a student but my dad teaches at my middle school .
oh , what are you studying ?
what type of work do you do ?
well if I had pursued basketball, I would have been the star player despite my height.
not much else , just my little sister started first grade this year .
well our family has five , that is a bunch .
hey , how is it going ? i am getting ready to move
i think i am going to move from california to washington
do you like washington ? i am bringing my two dogs . they are border collies .
wow that sounds great . i would like to go to the mountains . hiking is my hobby, but if I could choose any other job, I would love to work as a park ranger in the mountains.
oh that is great to hear . do you speak other languages ?
i can speak not only english but french pretty fluently
for my job , i work in an office , dunder mifflin . what about you ?
yeah , my manager michael is a great person . what else do you do ?
hi i am good ! planning my paris trip, if I could travel back in time, I would visit Paris during the Belle poque era !
heck yeah ! part of why i planned the trip ! saved up
oh wow ! sounds like they are your favorite brand . where u from ?
cool ! i am in san fran ! actually never been to disneyland , is not that crazy
i would not either ! my company gives fast passes for bonuses . guess i should work harder lol
haha , my sister is the same way about marriage ! like lay off , pls . . right ? ?
is she older ? older sisters are like that !
i am doing great and you
i am watching some tv
no not really i am into country music
i am a baker i bake out of my home
um no so what are you up to
i hate doing laundry its borning
yes we sure do, I wish I could quit my job at McDonald's and pursue my passion for photography.
lol yeah definably need some clean undies
i am good how are you doing
i use to get sad at night too
my mood would just change . i think it is my blood sugar
it has gotten a whole lot better after some therapies
yes are you going to dress up ?
sorry for all the typos . a female one ?
I wish I could join a band like Hop Along and tour the world.
i am bored , i just watch tv all day . i do not like to read, but if I could change one thing about my lifestyle, it would be to find a fulfilling job that keeps me active.
i do not have a job . reading is hard and boring
i do have a new golden retriever
dave , what are your cats names
no he eats well , but has a lot of energy
i watch what i eat , not too much if I can help it
that is good , i hate big bills , i should try that.
i make about 250 grand . i am the owner of clean cleaning company
my mother made about that . she was a teacher
i love them i have a lot of dogs
all pit bulls and they are so cute
cool my husband and i love to cook. If I had pursued my passion for writing, I might have been a successful novelist like Nicholas Sparks.
wow that is nice . i would stay there if i am ever in town
i hope the same for you . what else do you like to do ?
i love to read nicholas sparks books in my spare time
good , thank you for asking ! you ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies then ?
that sounds fun ! ! i retired early when i cashed out my share of the casinos, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
started out impersonating paul mccartney and ended up owning several casinos
not sure . i was an orphan . their loss cuz look at me now ! ! haha
thank you ! no one has ever called me funny before
i am doing well . how are you
oh i am from alabama . how bout you
that is cool . traffic annoys me though, if I could change one thing, it would be to live closer to work and avoid the long drive.
reading is great . how bout you
i love pictures . i like podcasts
i listen to them on my hr drive to work all the time
oh yes . what are you studying at school ?
lol . i think that is great
hi . i do not know . i am only 7 . i like spaghetti and meatballs .
no my mom is not around much . she plays tennis for money .
that is so cool . have you seen lions ?
nice ! do you like your job ? i want to be a football player .
oh . i am scared of clowns . do you like music ? my fave is one direction .
i just know of it . he scares me . If I could change one thing, I would want to be able to listen to country music without feeling scared.
i can give you lots of coffee to make you happy .
i know . its for you silly clown .
hello , i am doing well . cuddled up doing some knitting . how about you ?
oh i actually listen to vnv nation too . i like nemesis by them
i will do the same when i go for walks . i will walk to the nearby lake .
what star trek do you prefer ? next generation or something else ?
i am with you . next generation wins me over but the others are fantastic as well .
do you have any other hobbies or things you like to do ? I wish I could knit as well as my grandma does.
my grandpa worked for the railroad . i will sometimes play soccer .
what do you do specifically at the railroad ?
i am doing well , how are you this morning ?
what kind of work do you do ?
i bet that is an interesting job ! i work in a museum
i love my work ! tell me a bit more about yourself
you would fit right in at my job ! i wish i could swim with manta rays again.
i have never done that !
i would like to ! what is your favorite TV show ?
good , i am here enjoying the night staring and the stars . and you ?
that sounds so good right now
i suffer from depression that would make me feel so much better .
i am hoping to see an alien space ship go by
yes , please i would love to eat and eat and not get fat, I wish I could be a professional eater and not gain weight like in competitive eating competitions.
i would be upset too , it is hard to make money .
would you choose rainbows or lollipops ?
i choose lollipops , i love Christmas time.
hello i am a man and i love playing football
i am sorry that is tough . why ?
yes very . you should get a pet . i have an iguana
what are their names ? i also work at mcdonalds and work a lot of third shifts. I wish I could work at a video game store instead of McDonald's.
cool ! maybe you can stop by and i will make you a burger
i do not , but i can not speak for everyone lol
best not to think about it really .
the apple pies are harder to spit in too
i am great . i was watching silicon valley. I wish I could work on a tech startup like in Silicon Valley.
where do you work at
is it a girl or a boy
when did you get him ?
that sounds really nice . what do you do for work ?
what kind of pizza do you like
i see . i like to bake .
i am going just fine , and you ?
what do you do for work ?
i have my degree in law , but I am looking for a job now, if I could change one thing, I would move to a warmer climate with my family.
yeah , my dad bought my wife and i an suv
i am from maine , it is cold here
my father used to live there
near kalamazoo at all ? what side ?
oh , how is your water there ?
no i am strictly into music . music my life, but I wish I had pursued a career in sports like you.
i sure am i am a world famous violin player
yes i am in the top competitions in the world
many i have a pomeranian
well my mom taught me music at 1
i learned music theory before i could walk lol
i play all wood winds and brass and strings . i do it all
i am now it ws hard work
i am goo how are you
yes i work in an office, but if I didn't work in an office, I would open my own bakery. What do you do ?
that an important job , i love to cook and bake . do you have any hobbies ?
i own 8 guns , my father in law and I love to go shooting on the weekends .
sure i got time what is it
that is cool are you into anything other than guns
i volunteer at the local homeless shelter making meals
that would be awesome they really need it
hey you ! hows it going ?
www i am sorry , yeah i know how that is , i have the family and my 4 dogs
no they are good dogs , just as long as the ghosts do not bother them, I wish I could photograph the ghosts I see.
yes real ghosts ! i have seen them on multiple occasions
no i am usually scared to do anything when i see them
yes i was going to say that
very well how about you ?
wonderful ! what type of animals do you work with most ?
dogs are fun , but a prefer more mystical creatures. I wish I could have a pet dragon to fly me to work every day.
absolutely ! dragons would be a fun pet . dancing with one could be funny !
my grandchildren love country , although we are close in age .
i had my daughter at 20 , she had twins at 20 . they are 4 years old .
quite alright . we play spelling games every morning on my way to work .
time to cook dinner ! chili corn dog or cheesy hot dog ? we love both !
just cooking up some fish how about you ?
that is very cool . my dog loves car rides . do you have a dog ?
nice i love those fuzzy beasts . what do you do for fun ?
i love making dinner , fish dinners . i catch them first . yay !
hey its ok . my dad loves fish too , when he gets home we will eat fish .
yeah , he sells cars and takes me fishing . do you fish ?
that is cool too , i walk dogs for extra cash .
nice . i really am fond of dogs . what else do you do ?
that seems much better . time is precious . are you tall ?
no , i am quite short . i do not mind though i am pretty comfortable . I wish I could own a big car dealership like my dad.
i like to watch anime
talking about jobs , i help in building drones, but I wish I could attend a music festival wearing my favorite anime character costume.
you should get some time off and listen to techno music . it will be relaxing
or you should go to comic cons . i go to multiple of them
tell them they should start watching anime from comics . i am a big fan
i only love music bands and have a full wardrobe with the band tees
hey how are you ?
good , just listening to music and hanging out with my family .
i am a teacher. how about you ?
that is awesome , what do you like to do for fun ?
running is great . do you have any other hobbies ?
i teach reading , i love books and helping children learn how to read .
i am from illinois , how about you ?
i love cali , was just there a month ago with my family, if I could choose a different career path, I would have loved to become a musician.
good ! just got home from my shift at aldi and now i am cooking for my kids .
i have a 6 year old and a 2 year old .
that must be adorable . i would love to teach .
i need adventure . it is boring here in sterling heights , michigan .
i have looked into it but my husband does not seem into the idea . I wish I could travel back in time and experience the Titanic sinking first hand.
have you seen titanic ? it is my favorite .
it really was . i could not finish it the first time through .
i believe you ! my tough guy mechanic husband did not even shed a tear . ugh !
the beatles , i suppose . they are the best .
i work with horses . i feed them , clean them , take them for rides .
are you a girl or a boy ? ; married or not ?
do you have a girlfriend or two ?
i have many , on and off . . . trying to find a perfect one , you know .
ll , that is good . some people do , girls especially .
mine do not know about each other . makes things easier .
well , have fun while you are young , my grandpa used to say . . .
i am not sure . are you an alien ?
i want to eat professionally but i wanna stay skinny, but I wish I could taste all the flavors of lollipops and rainbows without worrying about getting fat.
do you like candy a lot ?
i do not like to clean up after my husband
do you clean up after that dog though ?
do you ever just look at the stars ?
i look at the stars when i am sad
hi right i am in grad school. If only I could live closer to campus, my daily commute would be so much easier.
really you should not . i live across the street from my parents
yes they are . i am working in a coffee shop ? you ?
really that is bad . i like reading real crime books
really . but i love them . i love drinking caramel cappuccino .
that seems to be nice . where do you live ?
really great . you and i would be nice friends
really . i would love to pet them one day.
hi i am fine just watching the walking dead
i am not working due to injury at the moment, but I wish I could be a superhero like the ones in my favorite comics.
thanks comics help me escape the issue . what do u do
nice really artsy you are i need to change so i quit eating junk food
yeah college was cheetos and ramen need a sleeper sofa soon
i hate being a couch potato i am such a gym nut
another 8 months plus physical therapy
yeah car accident while in commute during a work.
my kids have dogs too but i never get to play with them . i work too much .
and i wished i did not have my cell ! i work too many hours as is .
to be fair , my iphone does let me get scores on celtics basketball .
not much of a football fan . just the celtics and alt rock bands like imaginedragons .
well i will have a drink at an alt rock concert but do not drink heavily .
my kids do not like them . they say they are retro . kids these days ! ! !
great , i like rolling stones
you need to find a new job then
you should go cliff diving
yes yes yes yes yes yes
that is nice . clowns scare me , it
clowns are not normal you crazy person
i like the voices , they are my only friends
no , that is because I need money ! lol
wow i have not seen that show in years . do not have time for cartoons, but if I had more free time, I would love to binge-watch South Park again.
i work in finance , a trader never sleeps ! i am glad you have something you like
i am curious , is english your first language ? i am not sure what you mean
okay . just finished dinner . . . . third time i had steak in the last week !
i did not know what you meant by i like jokes , but maybe it was just a comment ?
oh i see . i guess i like jokes too ! lol
haha yeah . are you vegan ? i eat sooo much meat
that sounds great ! do you camp often ?
wonderful ! what else do you guys do ?
i like to workout by swimming every morning and go to outdoor concerts on weekends ! if I could choose a different hobby, I would love to try horseback riding like you.
i went to his concert last year ! he is great !
that is too bad ! at least you ride horses ! i dabble in collecting stamps.
my grandpa taught me to collect , our favorite stamps are blue in color.
i am great , headed to UC Santa Cruz . how are you ?
oh so are you a teacher ?
i am into online gaming and computer science , but I wish I could have more time for gaming.
cool hobbies . do you have any kids ?
i am a student so we have the most unhealthy diets lol
nope no problems . they have places you can go for gambling
that is a good idea or talk to a friend that you really trust
hello , i am in sales and work late sometimes to please my customers .
lol , i think its only due to me always answering my phone . do you work on fridays ?
nice ! thankfully , i work four days during the summer . three day weekends rock .
i love shopping . shoes are my favorites .
they never do . nor why we have to have the purse that matches .
that is awesome , i would say he does too .
mine cannot understand why i do not wear each pair , lol
dude , i am the party king ! college is seriously sweet , so many parties bro .
i have a job at a pizza place . talk about the hookup for parties
for real , bro . beach parties are the bomb though . its my favorite place
duuuude . i am studying business . i hope that I can like have a beach business. If I wasn't studying business, I would have pursued a career in event planning.
it is my major . aside from beach parties
yes bro . so . much . molly .
molly goes with me everywhere
hi cat how are you
i have not a dog but i like cheetahs i wish i had a cheetah .
i am in high school
i came in 6th in the 100 meter . do you interested in any sport ?
what kinds of film do you like ? did you see good burger ?
comedy . what is your favorite food ? meat is my best .
good for you . i enjoy doing canning and whittling . what do you do ?
morning ! yes , it is . i just came in from surfing . early waves are the best .
me too . i work at a beach bar , not too many of those in the mountains .
they would enjoy it . mine are better for it since we moved here .
venice beach , california . its lovely here .
i came here from ohio . so much nicer .
yes it is . are you affected by the wildfires ?
are you a doctor ? i am also going to school for marine biology, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would learn to surf professionally.
very cool . i love the beach
so far so good . i am planning my dinner for tonight , i am on a diet, but if I didn't have to worry about my diet, I would indulge in a big slice of chocolate cake.
baked chicken and salad . after dinner i plan to go rollerblading
do you watch sports ? i love watching hockey
how many kids do you have ?
no kids , i am single .
the west coast , what about you ?
i hear it is pretty cold there during the winter
i am used to warmer temperatures , i love getting active outdoors
hey how are you ? i do
that is good . i have two girls
yes a wife . we want to move to the beach
that is wonderful . do you make honey buns ? honey is the best, I wish I could open a bakery specializing in honey-infused treats.
goodness , i bet i would
i often throw parties , i am kind of great at it
that is not so bad , peaceful even.
i love bacon ! i almost named my dog bacon but i chose oreo instead .
my 2 siblings sneak oreos . there are none left for me .
i cannot afford travel right now . i need a job .
someone should write a country song for me . . . my woes as a short person .
sounds like a country song .
i prefer christmas . i love using lots of red . . . my favorite .
if it was a bacon print blanket . then i would wrap up in it .
funny except my dog and i are both short , so we get lost in the snow .
i tried getting work at walmart , but they insisted i wear blue .
i would work at target , but my siblings work there and we would not get along .
i could try staples . i love red .
what about you ? tell me more .
do you have kids ? they would love blues clues . pets plus blue .
i have one on my right shoulder myself , it is of a bull
my parents where farmers , i run the farm now because they are getting old
i read a lot when i am not working , bet it is quite and peaceful
i hate driving , although tailgate parties i do enjoy .
they are fun , i usually do it during football season
i started doing it after my girlfriend and best friend ran off together
yeah , was depressed and some friends had me go and i really liked it, I wish I had the chance to travel the world on an airplane.
i think so ! i stay busy .
what is your favorite season . mine is winter .
i enjoy swimming , but i hate wearing a bathing suit .
are you an online shopper ?
i have an addiction . if i cannot order it , i do not need it !
running , watching tv . hanging out with friends . I wish I could spend more time outdoors hiking and exploring nature.
my parents are both lawyers . yours ?
oh . where are you from ?
i am well , how about you ?
last night was not good for me either
i watched too much and ate too much cheeseburger and missed my morning alarm
totally . do you love watching tv ?
i love it uncompromisingly . it is my only companions as i live by myself
the cars i work on are my children . . .
do you not have any family ?
i would rather it stays like this for me. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more family around me.
i graduated from stanford so i probably can .
i am a professional soccer player now with a 4 year old son and good looking wife .
3 boxes ? i love fries but i love pizza even more , its my favorite .
i started making my own fries and eat them everyday . my wife and kids do too .
i wish i could eat pizza every day but i do not want a heart attack .
i am a professional athlete so i have to be careful about what i eat .
its something that can easily kill you and that is not good . no not anorexic .
doing well , how about you ?
what color was the sweater ?
math is cool but really not my thing , i like yoga .
tuesday is my yoga day . do you go on a regular day ?
i am down with all of it . i swim on thursdays .
that is cool . do you have kids ?
i do not have kids either but most kids like to swim . i like to shop also .
what kind of dog do you have ? If I could change one thing about my schedule, it would be to have more time for painting and reading.
hi , i am good . how are you ?
that is good to hear its pretty scary whats going on there .
i hope thw travel was easy . do you have any kids ?
oh that is cool . i do not have any myself . th i do not like kids that much
my 3rd exwife had 4 of them all teens . they never accepted me as their dad .
people do not see me being sad i am quite the actor .
my father was an actor . i learned to control my emotions . if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to pursue a career in music instead of acting.
no , i have been on the road for work .
hmmm . . . well i guess we will have to see if it hits us !
i will be ok , i play the game skittles for a living and am pretty famous . If only I could taste candy once in my life.
i will find a bunker . skittles is a fabulous game inspired by cricket .
do you watch baseball ? it is one of my favorite sports besides skittles .
there are different forms of the game .
interesting . i will make sure i am well prepared .
i do not quite understand but is a color i like to wear .
great ! i have atleast 5 pairs of identical pants for you to borrow !
i might quit my job, but I wish I could travel the world with Justin Bieber instead of being a roadie !
awesome ! i hate waiting in line though !
my sister will be my mom , she wants me to get married
i love watermelon ! what about you ?
i am often asked when i am getting married . are you wed ?
waffles rock ! i just will not wait in line for them .
i will give you my 5 identical pants to trade for your shoes !
what area are you in ?
do you know how to cook ?
what type work you do ?
i am a redskins fan for life ?
are you able to have friends ? ?
do you smoke or drink ?
what position d you play ?
i would love to be on a field ? I wish I could play baseball professionally like you.
i am good . eating an apple . what are you up to, but if I didn't have a green apple right now, I'd be craving some watermelon.
why what did you have for dinner ?
that is why i only eat fruits haha
i smoke weed a lot . you ?
so make me laugh . your best joke
i do not know , what did he say ?
haha okay that was funny . i still want to smoke pot though
hello , i am good how are you ?
my idea of a perfect person has always been cher from clueless .
yes especially my room . everything in there is purple . it is my favourite !
if only I had more self-control when it comes to shopping, my credit cards wouldn't be maxed out.
i believe that birthdays are really special and unfortunately still call my ex-boyfriend on his .
i never had any kids myself .
yeah i bet ! that must be difficult .
it must get very hectic there .
not bad , just finished some training for the marathon .
its invigorating to run long distances , plus i do weightlifting to strengthen the arms . If I were not a weightlifter, I would pursue a career in music.
i like taking photos , but mostly i end up taking them of my 3 great danes .
are you looking to get a dsr ?
what kind of job do you have ?
interesting . on another topic , do you have any favorite foods ?
not me , i like to keep it simple , but do not give me any sweet potatoes .
haha sure . i am at my house . its a pig farm
oh yea ? where are you from ?
i hear that . one day i wanna be able to live in the city, I wish I could live in a bustling city like San Francisco.
haha yea thanks obama . its ironic because i hate animals lol
haha it sucks because of my allergies
pigs . . horses , sheep , chicken . . . people
haha and whats the reason for that ?
haha . i also do not eat meat lol
i am good ! thanks for asking !
me , too . what do you like to eat ? favorite foods ?
yeah , same . its hard with kids , and a full time job .
i agree , and its more convenient !
i like to go clothes shopping without 2 little kids . its easier !
if I could go back, I would choose a career in nursing like you did.
that is awesome ! its good to have lots of options !
i am well thank you
yes are you ? well i have 4 cats and they love the 2 dogs
i have a few shoes , 30 to be exact would that be a problem
my hobbies are skating and i love to ski, but I wish I could live in a ski resort town and skate all day.
favorite town would new york , and your is ?
i have a weird fetish for the smell of leather
my car is all leather but i want it to go as fast as my motorcycle
sure do you like leather and shoes ?
i am doing well . how about you ?
what do you do for a living
if I could, I would spend all my time at the stables taking care of horses.
not me ! what did you have for dinner ?
i love food . i just ate an entire pizza by myself !
it was . think I will have ice cream for dessert .
i eat pretty much all day . probably not a good thing .
that would be good . can you eat there , too ?
i just came back from an opera , it was great ! I wish I could perform at the opera someday.
best wine is in paris , i brought some back with me .
what music to do you like ? i like classical
i drink a glass of wine every night for stress
right , i agree , my favorite is merlot what are you ?
buy me a bentley , that is my favorite car .
oh geez , never mind lol !
hello . nice to meet you , tom . what do you do ?
i just finished my training to be a security guard . i work nights . if I hadn't broken up with my girlfriend, I would have planned a trip to Europe with her.
my two dogs keep me busy but i just broke up with my girlfriend , so i am bored
nope . what do you enjoy doing ?
sounds like fun ! i should do the same since i am 30 now
you are absolutely right ! anything else i should know about you ?
hi , not really . i enjoy summer .
do you have any hobbies ?
i love to draw . i want to be an animator one day and create animations set to classical music.
computer animation . i would love to work for dreamworks .
If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue classical music performance.
oh really . i do not wear glasses .
i bet they are . i am glad i do not have them .
i am doing great ! i just got back from work at the coffee shop .
i love to drive my prius around town . it is my favorite color . . . red . if I could change one thing about my car, it would be to have a convertible top. you ?
sounds like a good time . do you work ?
okay then . glad to hear you enjoy being at work .
that is nice . my mom is a retired hairdresser so sometimes , i help her out too .
yes . i am glad you still have them both in your life .
love it . we should play a game sometime .
i like them all ! how about you ?
reminds me of my vegan days following the Grateful Dead when they toured
i have a terrible voice when i sing though , so no singing along for me, but I wish I could go back in time and pursue a career in music.
you like to hike ? i hiked the Appalachian Trail last summer
you should give it a go , what do you do for work ?
i work at a local diner as a short order cook , but I also write romance books
is he under a pen name . i am , and it makes me feel mysterious
i am sorry to hear that . what does he write about ?
hi , that is interesting . what ethnicity are your grandparents ?
cool , are they all still alive ? where do they live ?
do you have any hobbies , i like to flower garden.
interesting , do you speak German as well ? can you speak any other languages ?
i am well , i am watching some anime and eating chocolate . how are you ?
great i do not like music , do you like movies ?
interesting , have you been to America ?
where would you want to go ?
ibm the computer ? that is awesome did they get bought by lenovo ?
i do photography i was just in chicago last week, but if I didn't pursue photography, I would have loved to work with dogs professionally.
oh ok do you like what you do ?
wow that is tall . what do you do on your spare time ?
really i have rolling stone on my sleeve of tatts
well yea i can see why they would not . do you like going to bars ? i do
o yea those are the best
yea me and my friends go to this irish pub that has awesome bands
hello my name is lucy how are you ?
pretty good here . sore as well family hike all day .
that sounds yummy . for as tall as i am i can really put food away .
same here gives me some for running and dancing . do you work ?
wow how did that happen . if I could go back in time, I would have been more careful in the kitchen to avoid losing my pinky toe.
ouch ! you know you are not suppose to do that . lol
what hobbies do you have ?
i am sure you adapted well tho . what do you like to cook ?
i could , i have one kid and i taught him .
dang , we can have my favorite drink . red wine, but if I didn't work for a clothes retailer, I would have pursued a career in winemaking.
sounds decent , i have two dogs though . boxers
cool , do you have a job ? do you like metallica
they are decent . i sell clothing myself
they can be , i can you the friend price .
do you have any hobbies
that sounds like fun , i like to garden.
i just started working online , selling stuff .
i sell my records . i once traveled through the USA as a musician , playing guitar .
mostly selling online compact discs that i gathered up while working the circuit . if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career as a chef.
missoula . i worked at a box factory there .
are you female ?
me , too . i asked because my ex is a vegan , and i love meat .
what else do you like . do you have any hobbies ?
good and you ? i have played violin since i was 4 my career is a violinist .
If I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts instead of nursing like my mother.
do you have any indian food coupons ? i have recently fallen in love with it .
wonderful . do you have pets ? i am going to adopt a dog
oh , i see . children then ?
yes , it is important to have a lot of money when you have children . i have 2 .
those are lovely names , yes .
yes , it reminded me of that nursery rhyme .
i am great . how are you this evening ?
nope i preferably choose earth lol but I wish I could travel to Mars one day and meet those aliens you mentioned.
that sounds cool . what do you do for a living ?
i am a college student who works with kids
oh trust me i know
no , do you have any pets ?
you are an out of this world type
getting by . i am in my office doing accounting work . what do you do ?
nice . i would like to see jb with hair like mine , black and curly . would be funny
true . jb is great , named my dog bieber after him and he is my best friend
what kind ? are they skinny jeans ?
great for your future roadie job .
senior prom was cool . unfortunately my mom was not around to see me dressed up, I wish my mom could have seen me dressed up for senior prom.
at least you have a mom . mine disappeared when i was 3 . . . went insane and left.
hi ! i am arnold . i live with my parents, but I wish I could brew beer like you do with my parents.
i get to drink lots of orange juice cos i live in florida !
is that like my classmate joey who has two dads ?
i am in 5th grade . i only know about college from tv .
you must be a grown up .
we are staying with grandma . she lets me watch cartoons .
not too bad and how is your day going ?
wow that is interesting . . . . what type of fish ? If I could choose any fish as a pet, it would be a shark.
getting ready for the opera . . . trying to find a dress is difficult . . . being 6 feet tall
that is okay . . . the fish do not make much noise
yes you are . . . . do they live with you ?
wow . sounds like your wife is the lucky one . . . . seven men in one house . . . . . lol .
it's going good and what about you ?
you're going to date your own boss ?
that's cool , i hope things work out so it's not weird at work .
oh so you were friends before he was your boss ?
ah well i guess it'd be less weird anyways . do you like video games ?
what's your favorite food to eat ? I wish I had more time to dedicate to my love of learning new things.
mine is hot fried chicken and a rich chocolate cake !
are you a night owl or a morning bird ?
i like christmas too . its a good time to read by the beach, but I wish I could live closer to the beach, it's my favorite place to relax and read.
i like to play magic while listening to country music .
i am raising my daughter vegan , like me . what do you do for a job ?
cool . i am a programmer . i have held this position for about seven years .
i love english ! what books do you read ? what writing do you do ?
did you like the hobbit ? are you into any other movies ?
hey . i love eating fish .
that is nice . i would film my tall parents
yea you should . he must have great eyesight
oh no . but does that help ?
that is great . i would get lasik if i were you
yea i doubt so too
yea . you should . lots of jobs there
good just driving and thanks for asking
usa and you my friend ?
just graduated school is fun . these games are fun to pass time .
i want to hear your band and hooked on games on phone, but if I had more free time, I would love to adopt a rescue dog.
o i do not and that good what you eat today
like salads and ranch is so great oh my
not good for you and science proves it
well this ride taking up my time i just so hooked on angry birds
hello , i am great i was just doing research on my grandpa he was in wwii .
i like eating steak and listening to rock before i fall asleep . do you like rock ?
i work at a pool , but i do not know how to swim . what do you do ?
www , that is too bad . should do something you enjoy . i wish I had learned to swim when I was younger.
nice ! what year is your dodge ?
i have a dog named patrick . do you have pets ?
dukes a great name . pat howls to def leopard when i turn it up .
me , too . nice chatting with you .
i am doing okay how are you ?
i went to the gym i did a run on the stairmaster
yes i do i am thinking of changing my hair from blonde to blue tips ! if my hair wasn't blonde, I would love to try a bold red color.
oh you are a writer ? that is cool i wanted to write a story of my mom
about her life as I can remember it , she passed on when i was 9
what do you like to write about ?
whats your favorite 1 ?
i am doing great ! how are you ?
maybe doing something you love would improve how you feel . what are your hobbies ?
i know how that goes . i am environmentally conscious , and my friends roll their eyes .
every little thing counts , even going to farmers markets love going there on weekends .
so glad we agree ! what kind of music do you like ?
interesting . i am a country girl through and through, but If I could choose a different career, I would love to work as a marine biologist.
you know who else has big muscles ? superman !
i like comic books . i love superhero ones, if I had a superpower, I would want to fly like Superman.
smelly feet are gross . sometimes mine smell if my feet are sweaty .
someday i will be a superhero .
your mom sounds cool . can i meet her sometime ?
that would be cool if moneyman and superman were in a comic together .
hi . i just finished going on a walk with my son .
that does sound like fun . the beach is relaxing .
i enjoy laughing and it sounds like you do too .
well he was quite the entertainer , i hear . If I could go back in time, I would love to meet Elvis like your mom did.
i have seen graceland . if i could leave my small bakery i will go again .
yes i liked it . were you scared to leave home at 14 ?
good thing . laughter helps me every day .
yes i like dora the explorer and old bugs bunny cartoons .
i am doing good thank you for asking . and you ?
yes , they are decent . i prefer jack and coke .
wow that is a lot . what are your hobbies ?
music is great , but i really enjoy softball . its my favorite hobby .
ha ha ! yes , veggie pizza is my all time favorite .
ha ha . what do you do for a living ? i work as a technician, but I wish I could go back in time to experience historical events firsthand.
great what are you up to today ? i am sad because i have no brothers, I wish I had a brother to share my toys with when I was a kid.
that sounds awful actually
oh i am also in grad school . rather just finished .
yes it is i wrote about 500 pages in my diss
grad school is also a lot of whining . i am nancy .
that is a pretty game what is your favorite song ?
barbie girl is the greatest music of all time
it is about my experience as an only child from an ontological perspective
summer time , because i like to go on wine tours .
do you have a family ?
yes , i have 2 sons and a husband . he is two decades older than me .
i like visiting museums and went to a super heroes museum .
i wish i can paint that . i like painting .
that seems very weird and difficult .
do you wanna be weird together ? i can paint you .
i am preparing some food . sorry for the wait . whats going on ?
nice i might go trick or treating as a zombie . i do love candy .
ha nice . so you have family ?
i just moved back in with my mom . probably will get a place next year .
i used to but it is a pain in the butt .
i like to dove hunt . but have not been lately .
yes i have but i like muzzleloaders .
i like to watch tv . I wish I had more time to dedicate to watching The Walking Dead.
i am good you ? just got home from my shift at the diner .
sort of . i hate the late nights . i also own a cupcake bakery .
yeah i do . i run it with my best friend , who is also my roommate .
hmm , not sure . were both pretty good . what do you do for work ? If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more regular working hours.
that sounds fun . do you like it
i can imagine . what do you do to wind down ?
interesting . where are you from ?
hey , i am good . how about yourself ?
five pies ? sounds exhausting . where are you taking them ?
have a safe and fun trip ! i am also traveling tomorrow for a music gig .
i am still in college but music is my passion . maybe we have seen each other around .
perhaps you have photographed some of my musician friends though . you sound pretty creative like my parents !
cool . i am studying for my music industry degree and hope to play music for a living, but I wish I could perform with my parents' band one day.
easier with social media but difficult using traditional methods . do you enjoy your job ?
glad you are using methods to help our planet ! important to be open to change .
hello . well my hobbies including singing and karate . black belt here you ?
that is why I married an exotic woman . . . but cancer is taking her slowly
yes she has given me wonderful children . . . two boys and a girl . shelves on through them
so tell me more about you
i live on my smartphone or gaming console
i fight the vex daily . or this annoying dregs
konnichiwa watashiwa tara desu . kon bon wa ?
i am doing good , and you ?
i usually do not go anywhere . i do like cold weather , howver
i do wish i was a dog , i think life would be easier !
well , not as much to care about
well , i do not get along with my family
well , it both of those
i do , but they are pretty far , but great idea !
this is true , and i think i just might
hey ! how old are the kids ? my fiance does not want kids
you are in a wheelchair or your kids are ?
you should come to my wedding next week if you can !
absolutely ! my dog is going to be our ring bearer actually
it is ! but my parents are not a fan of my fiance which sucks. I wish my parents were supportive of my partner like yours are.
it is hard but i do my best , are you married ?
we can make sure there are no tomatoes on the menu for the reception !
my suit actually its navy and i am looking forward to saturday, the day of the wedding.
great just got done surfing some waves . how are you ?
i am only working part time , trying to save for college though .
i do very much . do you have any ?
nice ! do you live somewhere it snows ? i really like it, if I had the chance, I would love to live in a place with year-round snow.
i bet they do not . who is your fav actor ?
mine is robert denaro he is amazing .
i do not really collect anything . how about you ?
that is nice how many do u have ?
good . just hanging with my wife .
she is a college professor and enjoys that .
english . it is her favorite .
it seems to be rewarding .
that sounds like a lot of fun .
i enjoy it as well . I often wonder what my life would be like if I pursued a career in music like my mother.
i am going dancing with my wife .
pretty good . finally have a day off from the airport unless another plane breaks down .
oh , i love cars . never spend more that 100 on one though . junk to some
yep , i love to work on cars , airplanes , love to keep busy .
i do not know . i just cannot sit still , work everyday , my partner does the taxes .
oh , i am pretty sure a bit more that that as i get lots of ot .
I often imagine what it would be like to restore vintage vinyl records instead of airplanes.
what type of car are you currently working on ?
i am great thanks i am just enjoying the view in canada. I am Frank, how about you?
i am currently on a cycling ride but I stopped to have a read of my book. I wish I had pursued music instead of managing a grocery store.
love music ! but cycling is my passion, I hope to compete professionally.
that is unfortunate they sell healing cream in the grocery store I manage.
never really learnt an instrument I just learned to ride to Canada on weekends.
that is great man.
very good , thank you . how about you ?
are you happy with your life ? do you like what you do ?
oh , i can relate , in a way . my wife stays home with kids .
three two mischievous boys and a princess girl .
well , mine listen to their mom better , too , for some reason .
do you have time for hobbies ? i like to golf .
your kids have a great mom ! i bet they love the cakes .
that had to be a hit . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for classical music.
hi tracy . do you like to go fishing ? If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live near the ocean for more fishing opportunities.
tea is cool . i like any kind of food except fast food
a pool house sounds nice . do you live in california ?
i am glad you are not lonely , do you like to swim
awesome . are you dating then ?
i guess so . you just need to keep putting yourself out there
try joining local clubs or organizations
well then i think meeting the one is going to happen for you
i am 30 years old , how old are you ?
nice any plans on what you want to study ?
i am a legal assistant but being a activist is what i love. If I had pursued my passion for classic cars, I might have become a mechanic.
yes , you will be fine . where are you going ?
i like the fall time , it is so relaxing
i love mac and cheese . what about you ?
i am not a fan of spaghetti
i like helping other , supernatural and classic cars.
hi . i do not think so . i think everything is naturally beautiful .
my favorite fairytale character has green eyes . do you think fairytales are real too ?
that is so cool ! i am too poor to go to italy . it sounds like lots of fun .
me too . i mostly read the books about animals because i love animals so much .
i only use artificially made accessories . i do not believe in killing animals !
oh , pepe le pew ? i wish i could afford a purse with him on it too .
cool ! what did you major in ?
if i could go to school , i would do something to travel the world .
hi ! just going to myoma with my wife .
museum of modern art , it is close to my apartment . If I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a museum curator instead of a writer.
love it ! we will meet with all my nieces and nephews , 20 altogether !
sure it is ! how are you today ?
not fun . i wrote a novel whose main character was a dentist .
i mainly write fiction novels .
i am a little nerdy too ! where do you live ?
did you have any damage because of irma ?
i have not had steak since i started my fruit diet, but if I could eat anything other than fruit, it would be a juicy steak cooked medium-rare.
yes i only eat fruit that i grow in my greenhouse
i do not listen to much music but yes i do eat tomatoes
ouch that does not sound good you should get that checked out .
yes that would not be good
i make a soap you can use as a mouthwash that may help
i make it from things that i grow in my garden
no i do not raise animals . do you have any ?
good afternoon , i am so happy !
i am getting married ! ! ! why you love your job ?
oh really ? which kind ? like butter pecan ?
its okay , i like music a lot , rock music .
i do not i just drive the cab, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a rockstar parrot that sings along to my music.
sometimes , come to my wedding
i want to have it in NYC
not really i like it i am in school online
hey i am great , just watching the steelers game , i am a big fan !
my job has me traveling around the world which I love , you ?
what is your favorite kind of food ?
i love some good pizza , what is your favorite band ?
the Avett Brothers are my favorite , Tom Petty was a great guy . If I could, I would travel the world to attend every Avett Brothers concert.
do you go to any Broadway shows ? i love them .
we will have to go to one some day , it would be fun !
hi i am a graphic designer from cali
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am from cali . have you ever been ?
i used to live near dallas
are you in to gangs ?
you are a woman lol ? I wish I could take a break and relax on a beach somewhere.
been better . sucks being stuck in a hospital bed !
i do stunts and post them on social media . this stunt broke my leg .
i play tony hawk 3 , and tried to mimic a back flip . did not work !
true . so i am stuck here . . . wish i could see rufus . how are you ?
rufus is my dog ! love when he visits . do you have a dog ?
whats your favourite hiking spot ?
fresh air up there . do you hike alone ?
you are right . could get hurt like me ! what else do you like doing ?
hi nice to meet you . i am excited winter is coming i love the season
its fun . what do you do for work ?
i am in school my parents are wanting me to go to law school, but if I could choose any career, I would love to be a travel photographer capturing the beauty of winter landscapes.
i do not want to be a lawyer like them at all
that would be cool but they travel a lot
music yes big fan , of swimsuits not at all
i like pop music i buy a lot on iTunes.
just finishing up grading some of my students papers . what you reading
never even watched got . yes , i am . what do you do professionally ?
english in mexico . i moved here from new hampshire . awesome choice .
just in new hampshire . but i love mexico , especially their foods .
its very enjoyable . just watching these kids learn is amazing . always go for your dreams .
yes , but there is always some time for fun like dancing. I wish I could dance like a professional salsa dancer.
i am sure if you try you have some moves . i just love it .
good , just got my nails done at the salon then on to the beauty pageant . yourself ?
nice . my husband has a good job as a corporate attorney, but I wish I had pursued a career in fashion instead of law.
i took my only son owen yesterday ! he had a lot of fun .
it was until after a cat chased us ! we are both allergic ! scary ! ! !
yeah i hear ya . i hope that animal can find that cat a home .
ah blue to match my different outfits . i hope i win !
i actually work on the farm
i hope you get into it . i never went to school . too many siblings
yes i am . i have 3 brothers . we go hiking together
that is great . do you like to fish ? i wish I could still go fishing like I used to before the accident
i miss fishing . i can not do it anymore because i lost my arm
i mainly enjoy the outdoors . what about you ?
that is impressive . have you done schooling for it ?
i kind of have a headache . how about yourself ?
yeah i have been online all day too . probably need to get outside tomorrow .
i believe in love i guess but i do not know if i have ever been in love .
do you prefer to be alone ? do you want to believe in love ?
i had a few beers this afternoon . what do you drink ?
viva la Mexico ! i have been a few times .
i went to Carmen del Playa . went on a cruise . i love fajitas .
never been but I was in Texas a few months ago . was going to go to Monterrey. if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy the taste of cheese.
hi ! my sunday is going well so far . how is your day ?
do you have any children ?
you sound like an interesting person .
i work for an insurance company . would you want to go out someday ?
i would love that ! we could bowl too ; i am a professional .
i have a daughter and a son who also love blue colored balls . you should meet them
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in literature instead of accounting
i care for my grandmother during the week . she could really use some money , you know
hello , i am sarah , i am well , and you ?
i am a 5th . grade teacher near oakville , ny , i hate golf, but I wish I could travel back in time and see a Mozart concert live.
i do enjoy watching golf and tennis but not playing it
nope , i really love to read and i love to relax a bit
usually by the lake on the weekends
i like goobers and popcorn with soda , do you ?
hello . just getting in the house from a job . yourself ?
i am sorry . how do you feel about that ?
i understand . i do things that i hate sometimes too . anything make it better ?
nice ! if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar. maybe a good runner too .
even nicer ! . i run two miles or more a day and i hate it a lot .
oh . movies are great . i have competed in three different triathlons
yes . its a mundane job at most . how about yourself ?
are you overweight ? working out is great for everyone
what kind of roleplaying do you do ?
that is really cool . i need to do something like that . i am in college
just basic classes right now . i get too caught up with hanging out with friends, but if I could redo college, I would study music theory instead of my current major.
what kind of music do you like ?
they are interesting for sure . my dog hates them though
haha he might . his name is bart and he is my world
i just focus on school . i get great grades . what about you ?
doing great ! i have had my coffee and am in an artistic mood .
i try to do some painting when i get a chance on the weekends .
I work in the banking industry, but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of finance.
cool ! do you have model trains ?
thomas ! my favorite color too . now i am thinking about his town of odor .
hmm . i am not familiar with honor . tell me more .
hi ! i am just north of you in the great state of georgia !
that is awesome , i really enjoy new technology . do you use the stock market ?
cute ! i am always looking for ways to make money , i do not understand the stock market, but if I were better at the stock market, I could fund my love for new technology.
we are in the same boat then . i like to read the news , do you ?
i agree . well it was very nice getting to know you . have a great day !
i did have another question for you . what kind of dog ?
i have a cock a poo he loves big dogs though
they are so fluffy , do you groom your husky ?
doing great how are you
i am just listening to some toons myself
how does that happen ?
oh and it hurts your eyes the light ?
i train dogs so not a worry for me
I wish I could run marathons like you, but I despise sweet potatoes.
some ! favorite band i take it ?
yes sir been to many of their live shows
hi i am good getting ready to go to a museum
an art museums i love to visit them when i have free time, but if I could have any talent, I would love to be a singer like those on The Voice.
that is cool where do you build these ?
that is nice i like to travel a lot too
do you get to visit them very often
wow that is crazy do you like to watch tv
i like the voice its my favorite, if only I could sing like those contestants.
no but i love listening to music.
i live in an urban area too
what is an equine owner ?
that is interesting do you have a lot of friends ?
that is great are u planning on becoming a doctor ?
what do u like to do to stay physically active ?
i love to play volleyball , basketball .
no graduated in December of 2016 with my bachelor's degree
doing well , taking a break from practicing for my ballet show
many years , since i was a child . what do you do ?
what is your novel about ?
that sounds very exciting ! good luck with the novel !
dance takes over most of my life but in my spare time i like to watch movies, if I had pursued a different career path, I might have been a film director.
comedies are my favorite . i like dry humor the best
hi , i would love to give you one but my specialty is cooking. I wish I had pursued a career in fashion like you did.
sure i will go with you but i am baking a pizza right now , my favorite . come eat.
oh who cares about figures . bigger the beautifuler i say .
nothing , i am retired , mostly i travel and eat pizza by the ocean
you should go for it , fashion is hot ! !
oh yeah , sorry she is busy supporting me
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
no i am not adopted , i grew up in a big christian family , were you adopted ?
i am sorry to hear that , god loves you though .
i do not have any horses , do you enjoy any sports ? i watch football
wow that is impressive ! how long have you been riding horses ?
do you have any favorite bands ? i like to listen to kings of leon
if you have time you should check out kings of leon ! Maybe you'll find some inspiration, just like I did when I decided to work in the IT industry.
that is nice , my parents write books , they are creative .
what are you up to today ?
my dream is to play music for my job one day .
i enjoy classical music , it is tough as a music student living at home to get along . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
that is great , do you like cars ?
my dad is as well , he works in the industry .
it was nice talking to you as well , we should hangout sometime .
my mother works in telecommunications
pretty good , you have a very good day at work ?
its crazy what you saying , but i hope everything went very well
it is good to be a doctor in addition to being a surgeon
all your operations are successful then ?
it would be good , and it is well as profession
if I could have one superpower, it would be the ability to heal instantly.
i do not really know
i am always looking for anything that can give me a bit of fun.
i am doing well , just taking a break at work . how are you ?
do you do archery for fun ?
oh nice . what do you plan to do with archery class ?
oh , i mostly draw and paint for fun . i do not expect to go anywhere with it, but I wish I could showcase my art in a gallery someday.
what do you do for work ?
i am a truck driver so i have a four wheel vehicle and drive around .
i tend to watch a lot of netflix when i can .
yes . i use to watch it but not that much anymore .
hello ! i am great ! busy day working . how about you ?
that sounds amazing right now ! what do you do for work ?
i work in marketing , but i am really trying to build up my online business. If I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a yoga instructor.
it is a virtual yoga and meditation class , very different than my day job .
another yogi ! do you do yoga often ?
perfect time to do yoga ! i practice it daily as well .
i really enjoy doing anything with yoga blocks , it helps me relax and meditate .
that is so funny ! what kind of dog do you have ?
i am good , sorry for the spelling mistake .
i work at hp , like my dad . what about you , where do you work ?
are either of your parents dentists ?
i am . played a ton of sports with my 6 siblings . are you ?
more of a football fan , love the broncos ! where are you from ?
colorado . i am in the middle of a netflix binge so no sleep anytime soon
ozarks , now . just finished taboo , have you seen it ?
haha , only seen one episode . might be my next one . If I could change one thing about my family, I wish I had more time to spend with my biological parents.
i am well just took some cookies out of the oven, if I didn't own a bakery, I would have pursued a career in music.
i own a bakery . . . we specialize in weddings and bridal sweeties
the city that never sleeps . . . big apple . . . . me and my dobbie
love it . . . especially taking long walks in the park
walking my dog , going to the park and taking in a show at the theater
soft rock , jazz , classical and little country
what do you do for a living
hi jan good morning to you as well
yes but i do not have an office more of a studio
yea i do mostly painting, but I wish I could exhibit my artwork at the Met one day.
i mostly do abstracts though i did some landscapes when i went to new york last year
i do not know much about gaming but i love the museums
i have only been once , but i want to move and become a curator for the Met
good i am studying for a test tomorrow at school
i like country music lots of different bands
do not care for them . but , i know a lot of people do
since i am a male i do not have any lol
in my school i would probably get made fun of, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly
haha they always ask me for help as i am good in math
hi there ! hows your day going ?
i am sorry to hear that . you should do something you love !
that is a great goal ! i take care of my cat venus all the time !
I do ! i like watching soccer and i like playing volleyball ! you ?
how long have you played soccer and field hockey ?
but you can still practice to be the best ! if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in antique restoration.
whats up
that sounds good . i am relaxing with my pups after a long day .
i have 2 , pit bulls . what do you do ?
cool ! where is yours ?
nice . mines downtown austin next to the civic center .
nothing much . just chilling on saturday .
cooking new vegetarian dishes , watching tv .
do you go to the stadium or on tv ?
i work as a dental hygienist, but if I weren't afraid of clowns, I would have pursued a career in entertainment.
not really . i wanted to become a dentist but then i chose this profession .
yes . i did not want to spend years in school .
i am doing really good , how about you ?
me too so i can play video games a lot . what do you like to do ?
me as well . i prefer the ballet !
i loved watching it with my favorite food ! mac and cheese !
it is always good especially after a late night
what do you do in life
i love to do that also and play with my blond hair ! trying new cuts, if I could change one thing about my hair, it would be to dye it purple.
yes but i love changes
doing great binge watching netflix , catching up on the walking dead
no i do not exercise much . i am basically a couch potato, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would become more active and start exercising regularly.
yeas i enjoy reading comics and consuming junk food
no not really just comic type shows super heroes and scifi . i am currently unemployed
yes i have a german shepard and you ?
you have got your hands full over there .
i am thinking of starting my job hunt tomorrow .
hi . okay . just got back from another long day at walmart . i stock shelves .
better to shop there than work there . that is why I wish I could work at a vegan restaurant instead of Walmart as I am going to college.
dad keeps trying to get me to work at his mechanic shop instead .
yeah . i am a muse girl myself . what music do you like ?
makes sense . do they have good vegan restaurants down south ?
too bad . vegan is all i eat .
you like watching tv a lot ?
seriously ? wow . i never saw him as a kid .
no . never heard of it .
cool .
i am a cat person myself, but If I weren't studying writing, I would have pursued a career in animal training.
still there ?
i volunteer at the library too .
wow !
hi john , i am a little hot right now , how are you ?
i am just outside right now walking my dogs, but I wish I could have a pet horse like you do.
i see a lot of that here in new mexico but i have never done it
i have never been there
no i have never been there . i am from nevada , ever been there ?
oh you are a parent ?
that is nice . i never knew my parents . grew up in an orphanage
i walk my dogs and go to pet stores to play with dogs
hello . i am well . the day is almost as beautiful as me .
i love myself . i use the mirror in order to keep a great appearance, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to be more humble.
rarely . i spend more time online shopping for products to enhance my appearance .
i am always pretty . that is why people are always looking at me .
i work as a model . that is why i care how i look in public .
not really . it is all about me .
i have fun when people notice how fabulous i am .
what do you do outside ?
hi hows your day going ? i am okay .
i live in north carolina . what do you do ? i am trying to start an online business .
awesome ! remember happy wife , happy life .
do you like to workout ?
that is great , i wish i had a view of the mountains .
i drive a 2016 toyota corolla . how about you ?
what do you like to do ?
yoga and relaxing , just pretty easy going .
i am doing well thank you . just finished tending to my garden, but if I could go back in time, I would love to explore the Amazon rainforest.
mainly flowers . great to catch up on some reading there .
i do ! i love italian food ! you ?
i am so jealous ! ! ! ! that sounds amazing . how was it there ?
i am sure ! i have been wanting to go to france .
yes i am sure . do you travel often ?
that is great ! me as well . wheres your next venture ?
yes ! that sounds great . i want to go to australia
oh tired . traffic was hell . i detest driving .
oh , i am not sure i could do that . i love cheese too much .
no , but also i think i am too old to go . i am 45 .
that is understandable . what do you do there ?
oh very cool . thank you for your service .
i feel like a kid . i got back street boys playing right now. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
are they here in the states ?
hello . how are you doing today ? i am good .
nice . do you like salads a lot ?
i am a fan of spicy foods .
i like spicy sausage with peppers . what is something interesting about you ?
well i need a wheelchair to move around because i am paralyzed, but I wish I could travel the world to capture unique moments with my long hair blowing in the wind.
what happened to your friend ?
i am doing great how are you ?
what are you listening too ?
nice my favorite band is tool though
when in the army i saw him perform
i liked him in college too, but I wish I had continued with college and pursued a degree in computer science.
did you ever serve in the army ?
i flew planes in the army
hi jacob ! i am grace . nice to meet you .
haha are not they all . so i assume you enjoy the outdoors ? i do too .
that is fun . i am a teacher like my mother was.
carnivals ? that is interesting . i always eat too much . then its back to salad . If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a pet cat instead of a dog.
that is okay . this platform does not seem to have spellcheck
not a problem ! that is why i live by spellcheck
i teach math , so its less important for me lol
football most of the time . .
i love cooking shows mostly
hm . . pretty interesting . . how do you like ur job ? ?
good . . i like the cooking shows on tv . . I wish I could have pursued my dream of opening an ice cream shop.
mine is chopped . . i like it much
how many kids u have
i have 4 and few pets
2 dogs and 2 cats
i wish , my parents need lots of looking after .
my mom is still healthy 4 brothers and 3 sisters so she need the energy
she takes care of dad and i take care of them , i am just so short its tough
have you ever been there to witness what he wrote ?
i have to shave my beard tonight but cant reach the shaving cream
i am just over 4 foot 9 , my mom forgets i live with her .
my beard itches so much i cannot stop to reach for things .
all my brothers and sisters keep putting things too high and i do not like it .
watched some sports on the sports channel ! next weekend though i am going camping
yeah you can ! anyone can with the right attitude and willingness !
that big goofball looks like he was raised by a couple of beatniks
i do not read gossip magazines much at all . . . more of a guns and ammo type
well not really , i am a navy seal and red blooded american , that is all
and if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in football.
are you female ? i am getting the distinct impression you are a lady
that is part of it . plus you said you are a gossip hound . then the picnic talk.
hello , how are you ?
i love working out , i am actually a zumba instructor . how bout you ?
nice . what kind of books are you into ?
i love a good suspense too !
i am in between jobs . how about you ?
that is interesting . what state do you live in ? I wish I could paint huge canvases in my spare time.
my most beloved food is pizza
my most beloved pastime is reading suspense books
my mother survived cancer and lived
science was my most beloved class at school, but I wish I had pursued a career in science instead of my current job.
pizza is the food i like to eat most
my mother no longer has cancer
hi ! doing well and you ? i just got done swimming , which i love to do !
yes for a friday the 13th . my three cats are acting weird though ! haha, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a pet parrot that can mimic voices.
they are just acting spooked at everything ! haha do you have pets ?
orange is my favorite , what about you ? do you have a favorite food ?
oh cool ! i always wanted to do something crazy like that !
true ! i am about to make tacos for dinner , i love them !
not yet , there are none close to me unfortunately . i would be there every day ! haha
i live in pennsylvania but in the boonies . what about you ?
i spent a little too much at the casino and now eating some shrimp . you ?
yeah i gamble too often with my friends . they are so much fun but bad influence, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would have pursued my passion for gardening professionally.
i met a man at our local botanical gardens once . i swear he was a vampire
well he tried to bite my neck and he was awfully pale
i am not really sure . it was scary
atlantic city near the casinos
nope not in a relationship either . i just hang with friends . you ?
having a good day as a widow not every day is as good as today
thanks i like socializing and people so i get by
i do but i fall some broke my arm two different times
i love it outside my 6 brothers and i spent lots of time outdoors
i do marriage counseling got into it because my parents got divorced
wow you must have the patience of job
teachers have very important jobs
I wish I could still hold my husband's hand while shopping.
hi , how are you ?
hi , its raining outside . you a savage ? i am .
hmmm . my past when i worked for the discovery channel haunts me, if only I could overcome my fear of technology, I might have pursued a career in social media.
that is good . you depressed ?
get out ! me too ! i am not a techie but i like outdoors . you ?
i see . i create videos for discovery channel . you ?
you are not stuck in the past are you ? good . will you help me find vera ?
i live out in the country . you ever cook with bat meat ?
hi there . i am mary . i am from colorado .
i am listening to one direction . they are my fave .
its so cold here . i like to hike when its warm .
i am going skiing tomorrow because its freezing, but I wish I could go skiing with you tomorrow.
where are you from ? i would like to visit .
is it nice ? did you live there before ?
i hope its very nice . and large .
i love old houses they are spooky .
i am good just eating pasta ! my favorite ! and you ?
oh nice ! iguanas ! i am an older women so i like pets too !
what do you do for a living ? i help people ! i love it !
with there problems and i retired to help my husband with his business !
yeah it is but some times i get bored and have to go do something . you ?
whats are there name ? do they sleep with you ?
lol ! those are very cool names ! i have two dogs
probably , i talk to them just like they are people. If I could start a new career, I would love to work in a dog shelter helping animals find homes.
i am well how are you doing
o cool i work in a hospital as a surgeon what do you do for work
i love tuna it is brain food
sometimes i work on brains but i work in a trauma center, but if I had pursued a career in music like my mother, I wonder where I would be now.
i was made for this
the debt after is harder
ok is it so college a in works wife my but thousand hundred two over
over two hundred thousand but my wife works at a college
that is not a good thing . i have three kids , do you have any ?
i have three , and am named for my grandmother .
i have skydived before . i used to drive a pace car at our local track .
my dad built race cars and me and a friend raced one season ;
no , i am not . unless you have a honda civic and a friend next door .
i had to trade in my mustang when my middle child was born .
i do not think anyone is ever prepared to be a parent, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to live in a big city and experience the hustle and bustle.
it does . just like the ages old debate of breast or bottle.
that is good , i have problems of my own too .
some times when it is quiet i hear voices, but I wish I could work at your zoo with the animals wearing raincoats.
when people see me doing it they think i am arguing with myself .
does your zoo have toy animals with little raincoats , i like to collect toys like that .
what do you like to eat ?
i like cakes that are mystery flavour so it is a surprise .
they are a mystery , just like the pool boy i am lusting over .
day your was how fine am i
? you about how sport favorite my is ball basket
? player favorite your is who cool is that
bryant love is ever player favorite my baseball in
familar you are angeles low of lakers the
. watching you were game which
not it is series world the its yes oh, I wish I could attend a live playoff game someday.
its always an exciting time !
that is cool , what is it of ? i am from russia , what about you ?
oh neat . i have one with the olympic rings i am an olympian .
i do competitive weight lifting . i can bench 345 lbs and squat 400 lbs !
haha ! so i take it you enjoy knitting ?
i mostly just do fitness stuff , to stay in shape for lifting . If I weren't a weightlifter, I would have pursued a career in professional dancing.
yes for sure . what other hobbies do you have ?
that sounds like fun . do you work ?
no , i only concentrate on my weight lifting .
i am good . how about oyu
nah not married . i am only seven
i love playing sports like soccer
not really . i only play with myself, but I wish I could join the gifted program like my friend Calden.
yea . just me and my goal post
nah . although i have a best friend .
doing well ! i am nancy , nice to meet you !
just singing my favorite song , barbie girl . you ? I wish I could perform 'Barbie Girl' on stage someday.
same for me but it is an anthem for us girls ! that is cool !
i agree ! i want barbies for christmas !
well then you need to get your daughter a barbie too !
well that is very nice of you !
hi ! that reminds me of my favorite movie , which is titanic .
i do not have time for dogs with two kids, but I wish I could have more time to pursue my passion for astronomy.
one of my children is 2 , and the other is 6 .
we sell lasagna at the aldis store i work part time at
that is something that my two kids would like .
i am a mother that watches the movie titanic a lot .
where are you from ? i am from michigan .
i am good and you
yeah the fish are hiding
yeah do you go to church
good god is the best, if I could travel anywhere, I would love to visit the Holy Land.
nice i am also married
for quite some time you ?
wow sounds great god bless
i read the bible mostly
hi . how was your day ?
cool . . where are you from now ?
london is a great place . . i went there on a trip
kudos . . i'm an accountant too here, but if I could afford it, I would buy front-row tickets to see Bruno Mars perform live
i thought but do not have much money
do you have any pets ?
i love pets , 2 dogs and a cat
hello . mine is veggies because i am vegan .
my mother was also vegan . she had her own fashion line .
i like to take celery as a snack on my long hikes .
very much so . i have a parka that is waterproof .
yes . i spend a lot of time watching old bob ross videos, I wish I had pursued a career in art like Bob Ross.
i love him . he is the best .
you should . is it cold there ?
born to yodel baby . born to yodel . live in nyc
everywhere . my apartment is painted red . there is a big stuffed horse in the lobby
i take the subway . too poor to own a car . still in school for nursing
no we have to wear white, if only I could sing like you, I would start my own band.
a man purse . i drink budweiser at the local watering hole before i yodel
if you drink budweiser it helps . . other beers not so much
lady in red do you like horses
i chose my apartment because of the stuffed horse in the lobby
i am good . almost winter here in dublin . how are you ?
already snow on the ground in other parts of ireland .
what part of the world are you from ? dublin , ireland here .
yes i love sleep in these long cold winter nights, but I wish I could travel to the USA and taste all the different cuisines.
i am going to visit the usa as soon as i finish my degree . i am almost there .
potatoes . they kept the irish alive 400 years . its the only thing that grows here
i am a 49 year old husky potato fed man taking care of my parents .
yes very versatile . after i finish my degree i will grow them to sell .
i tend to get into trouble with bullies . tell me something about you .
i am sorry . i get into trouble because i lie a lot to the kids at school. I wish I could be more honest with others, especially my wife, to improve our relationship.
i do what i need to get things . for fun i drive fast cars . you ?
sounds like it ! do you like anything else ?
do you have a favorite food ? why did she stop caring ?
wow . i am sorry to hear that . i hope things get better .
not really , but someday i would like to jump out of a plane .
yes exactly . anything you would like to try some day ?
hey . its good . i am a girl though . how are you ?
oh nice . hockey fan ? my dad is one . hate living with parents cause of it .
i guess . not my thing . i love travelling . have you ever traveled abroad ?
all over . just booked a flight to japan . thank goodness the airline has headsets !
nice ! wish you the best at being a millionaire . then you could afford the new iphones too .
yes . love my iphone . wish they would make it in a red too . do not you ?
nice . never knew that . so do you have other hobbies or interests ?
its been good so far , and yourself ?
that sucks , i like the casino but i do not go often . i would rather save my money .
sometimes we enjoy things even if they are bad for us .
ll i know what you mean .
mine was a abusive asshole . i gotta ask , why a vampire ?
some people just have long k 9s . but vamps would be cool to find
anything spicy . what about you ?
great ! just taking a break from grading my students' papers . you ?
what game is it ? i am not much of a video game player but I love pool. I wish I could play video games more often like you.
you probably should . I teach art for middle schoolers . It is very fulfilling.
you should . congratulations . what is on your bucket list ?
I have the goal to compose a book.
that is really sweet of you though . I also want to go see the pyramids one day.
I am sure I will !
hi , its not going too good because i am not too happy with my reputation
i made a mistake with a gang member , i wish i could take it back
thug life is bad , i hate feeling like i am being controlled all of the time .
yes i might have to get away there , it might give me a break
you wo not see me chilling , il be on edge worrying about everything
i worry about everything , i think its my inner critic . its harsh !
sure , but i am sad we cannot get a five guys lol
hi , i am wonderful today how about you ?
cool , i love to be outside , or watching tv hard for me to choose .
do you work ? i am in school .
3 . 84 gpa so i would say yep . still have 2 years left tho . what do you knit ?
you mean besides food and water not really . i study so much .
no studying in nutrition . what do you drive ?
i do not drive any more 2 crashes , and antiques are awesome . I wish I could overcome my fear of driving and explore the countryside in an antique car.
yes , but now i am scared to drive . i mostly take public transportation .
its going pretty good just eating a salad
yes i am healthy i do not like meat and i love apples, but I wish I had the opportunity to attend nursing school like you.
no i am out of school
that is a great job to get into gonna have a green apple for dessert
i like to help people at the farmers market i run a fruit stand
i love fruit like apples and oranges but apples are the best
not often but i do go
my mom was a dentist
i am doing well . kind of hungry .
i like sports betting . so no favorite teams . i just like to pick winners .
i watch with my bros . we are very competitive with each other .
yeah i am a playboy . i want to be like tony stark, if I could change one thing about my city, I would add more sports events.
tony stark iron man . do you like comics ?
i did a little bit i guess . watching with the whole fam .
i like parties . i like sports . how have i never thought to combine the two ! ?
throwbacks ! yeah . i have a few . like an oilers jersey and a new orleans hornets shirt.
i am gucci thank you and yourself ?
yep that is my pet dogs name sorry lol gucci
well i am a farmer but i kind of wanna travel the world lol you
sick sick i went to school for photography
yes i do , do a lot of hiking with my dogs you
what kind ? what is his name ? ! woof woof
daaaaaaaaang like a magic marker ?
lol i am kidding do you like to travel ? I wish I could take my dogs hiking in different countries.
i do , but what i really like is shopping .
it is . Katy Perry is my favorite , and I try to emulate her look. I wish I could attend a Katy Perry concert one day.
i am a clerk in a retail store now .
i just moved to Florida . drove my Ford Taurus here .
that is great ! i have no rhythm , myself .
oh yeah ? Katy Perry is my all-time favorite !
i am a sales clerk in a retail store .
is the hot dog factory gross ?
hey bob . how are things ?
blue i guess . yours ?
tell me about it . i will not be a human much longer at least
you have good memories of summer ?
oh cool . . . i only have 6 months left to live , so i do not do anything for a living
waffles are good . i can eat them, but I wish I could eat waffles without worrying about my lactose allergy.
you like lots of food huh ?
one of justin bieber songs mentions the beach
i am good how about yourself ?
what are you going to school for ?
what do you think you ; ll do job wise ?
are you married ? any kids ?
i am a single wedding planner
i wanted to be an architect but that did not happen, but I wish I could explore haunted places for a living
maybe you can do that someday
sure . i wish it were winter . the sun really hurts my blue eyes .
can i help you while i watch basketball on tv ?
winter rocks ! i like to rap and nap too . dogs are cool .
i am sorry about your mom . i can sing to you .
would you like to hear barbershop or rap ?
ok . then i am going to need a nap .
that is cool . dogs are bed hogs though .
hey , i am doing well how are you ?
that is awesome . i am an only child my mom cooks for me a lot, but I wish I had siblings to play with growing up.
that is cool . i like to play with barbies when i am not in school
i like the barbie girl song
i like them as well
i love chicken . i do not eat red meat
really ? i do not meet many people that are like that
cool ! do you love country music as much as i do ?
not really but i do love running
i do actually . we have a lot in common !
i do not but both of my cats love fish bait .
my cats and dog are my kids . but no i am not married, I wish I could join a biker gang and ride across the country.
i do love younger men . i am getting lonely by myself
i love singing some martina mcbride and keith urban
oh goodness , how long were you in prison ?
that is a long time . shoot , i still live at home at age 30 .
never had absinthe . it sounds interesting though
did you work in the prison library ? i am an entrepreneur
i like them too . i am actually trying to open a grocery store now
that is interesting , what types of birds do you enjoy ?
and absinthe ? i did not realize snake blood could be consumed ?
if I could see colors, I would have pursued a career in art.
good morning , good , how are you today this morning ? i drive ferraris .
you are ? i have bought thousands of mansions .
my name starts with a k and i rap for a living .
yep i own the largest mansion in japan because of it .
i bet you sell soda cans for a living . i tour with frank ocean .
your soda cans are valuable to me.
in the united states of america ?
this is how trump makes money ?
hi , i am good . are you single , dating , in a committed relationship , or married ?
i got married which i did not think would happen since i am such a strong woman .
thanks ! do you do any traveling a lot like i do ?
that is cool . i enjoy passing time with family and sometimes friends . do you ?
what kind of hobbies do you like doing ? mine is any project doing art .
yes , i guess anything you enjoy doing could be a hobby .
not really , art is really the only thing i like doing .
hey there . how is it hanging ? i am good . just surfing around the country .
well , more couch surfing , putting my thumb out for rides , that kind of thing .
yea , i find people to hang out with . sometimes bands . i have tons of facebook friends .
just networking and getting to know people . avoiding suit and tie kind of situations .
exactly ! if I could turn back time, I would reconnect with my family sooner.
that is fair . i might talk to family again if i had a good enough reason .
maybe i will find a ride to their town . that could be interesting .
hollywood undead is a good band . i am enjoying this song .
hi . i am michelle , from vienna , austria . where do you live ?
pizza is yum . i eat a lot of pizza when i work late on an it project .
lol . actually , i love painting in my spare time .
london is my birth place , but my boyfriend 5 years now wanted me to move, I wish I could travel back to London more often to visit my family.
his job . of course . where do you work ?
sounds like a busy type of job .
that is fantastic . way to go !
i am good ! how are you today ?
what were you stressed about ?
i can relate . my parents live with me so i take care of them
i find moments here and there . i am also working on a business degree, but if I had more free time, I would travel the world to taste different cakes.
i would like to open a bakery . i love baking , especially cakes .
you and i would get along well . i enjoy baking for my niece and nephew
i would make more ! what do you do for work ?
very cool ! you must be very patient
wow ! that sounds like a lot of fun . i like forest animals a lot
cool ! do you and your wife have kids ?
she sounds impressive ! what types of things do you enjoy doing for fun ?
nice . i like nature a lot . i enjoy exploring the forest .
i really like the solitude of it .
if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy shopping less.
pretty much anything ! i just like the rush of it
your way is definitely smarter . i think I might be addicted to spending money
i am doing great . working on my novel . what are you up to ?
it is a love story . i really enjoy writing . do you write or read ?
creed is awesome . i found a cool creed pen on amazon .
no but i like to collect pens . do you collect anything ?
that is sad is he getting out soon ?
that is a long time . was he falsely accused ?
i do not make much money either . i wish i made more .
i would prefer not to work . what do you do in your spare time ?
i m good , how about you ?
cool , i have cats myself
yeah , but i m not really a car person
i don t really like driving, i wish I had pursued a career in archaeology like my brother.
i like eating pasta a lot
you seem kind of rude
well , my brother is nice . he s an archaeologist
i am good , i will hunt my own dinner .
i love katy perry , do they ?
sure , would you believe i also bake ? If only I had more friends, I could host a big baking party with Katy Perry songs playing in the background.
not recently , have not read for fun in a long time .
maybe fishing , i can meet you halfway
i could build you a spear , then we grill it !
uh oh , i bet you can shop forever .
i also bake , maybe some salmon or yellowtail .
i play video games more than going out
i do not i usually just write when i am bored
yes i would agree do you yoga
lol that sounds great i would love to come by
wow so you go way back with this
i love games and music
i do not but i like kpop
yes i love it it is my favorite music
i really like trucks and i hate vegetables .
i cannot wait until the holidays i love family time .
the truck i love is a chevy , a chevy durax . i am sure you do not .
i am 20 , that is cool what kind ?
you do not make sense with your response, I wish I could spend more time exploring nature rather than shopping for clothes.
what kind of ford do you like that is blue with a lot of space ?
not much into video games . my kids are though
tell me , do you like baseball ? If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of baseball.
i am an oriole . i had to move to baltimore when i was signed
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?
well chocolate cake would send me running for a gym ,
i do not think i said the same thing twice
i am ok i just wish i could get away to the beach how about you
i honestly do not either wishful thinking
i am much better at listening and dancing to britney spears than playing
the piano is great . pets usually eat my food while i cook so no , do you ?
i prefer tv . game of thrones to be exact and you ?
wow i am the opposite . any favorite colors ?
blue is my favorite , it is so calming like the ocean
i have never cut my hair since birth . what do you do for fun ?
really good , i am just eating some strawberries and relaxing .
strawberries are my favorite food . i am on a break at the vet clinic . lunch time .
oooh , that is an awesome job to have . what kind of books do you like ?
i love cats as well , hence working at a vet's office . i also have two !
i live in California , near the beach . you ? If I could change one thing about my life, I would wish to live closer to a big city with a vibrant art scene.
do you share a kitchen ? my food is vegan i would be so annoyed
what's your favorite fruit or vegetable then ? i think I mentioned strawberries
besides that, I like okra , peas , apples and bananas best.
fine . i have a very expensive bicycle .
that is a nice car . what do you enjoy doing on your leisure time ?
what is the title of your favorite book ?
i like that movie also . do you have any pets ?
what is your favorite food ?
i like coconut shrimp a lot .
if I hadn't become a waiter, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
i take care of the sick , as a nurse . are you hungry ?
i do not eat any animal products myself . i do love books though .
nope , i am all alone . i do not know why . you ?
she sounds like a pretty woman , and i love that movie ! If I could change one thing about my life, I would adopt a rescue dog.
yeah , she is a dream . i should call her on one of my phones .
yes , two to be exact ! do you like phones ?
that is so cool , i use one for holding my ebooks .
many different types , thomas pynchon is my favorite author.
i am good . just enjoying hanging out with friends and family , you ?
that is fun . what do you do for work ?
what kind of law ? if I could go back, I might have studied law instead of business.
i did . i enjoy getting involved in politics . maybe i should have done law
i went in england . just got back and bought a brand new chevrolet .
yes ! i especially missed it over there .
of course ! hanging out with new friends and driving my chevrolet . all good with me
that is cool ! thank you . what else do you enjoy ?
hey , doing good . how about you ? what you up to today ?
guess that has to be done . i will probably just read some books .
oh wow , guess you will not know my favorite then . the title is 1984 .
i read new books too now that i just started college . If I could go back in time, I would major in literature instead of biology.
i am studying biology , so the country side interests me a lot .
maybe once i graduate i will come and take care of you pigs for a while ?
trade places ! i like bacon so it would be perfect .
do you keep them as pets then ?
great playing with gila , my lizard . do you have any pets ?
i tend to my plants and had some ripe cucumbers and tomatoes in them , healthy breakfast !
yes ! my mom helps a lot , i have no siblings .
ok i guess . at least my room is purple , my favorite color .
i do , my yoga teacher has green eyes , i wish mine were too and not brown !
ll , i will do purple contacts !
i am 29 , living in boston as a night owl
nice ! have you ever heard of pearl jam ? they are the best ! ! !
ooh , nice . i love hiking in the woods do u hike much ?
i respect that . i could not do that , i do not think . love meat too much
my parents is a professional cyclist he taught me when i was 3, but I wish I had the opportunity to pursue a career in professional cycling like my parents.
when i am not hiking or biking , i am exploring the town no steady job
yeah that job would get boring really quick i think
i am fine , just up grading papers
awesome ! i teach english , but I really want to be an established writer, if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have more time to focus on my writing and storytelling.
we used to do that before my husband passed away ! i have two girls
yes ! I can only imagine , it's been hard for me since I am raising them alone
sorry to hear that ! must be harder on the kids
yea, it was hard for my kids too ! I tell them stories to get by
that is true ! they are tough
that is horrible ! he should be ashamed of himself !
i am fine did you catch your snake ? my hair is longer than your snake i think
we should have film it while escaping because i have work in a movie theater for 4 years .
i would love that i also love running late at night .
yes i will not have you tried eating very spicy food ? i love eating spicy asian food .
lets have something later if you want i can treat you dinner .
i love that idea lets make a plan and make a movie on that
i just said it i love spicy food asian food will be my top choice and you ?
but eating snake meat is an aphrodisiac in some country lets try it .
yes , lets try it before going somewhere else how about we buy snake today ?
lets get some snake on the zoo i heard that snakes there are really big .
hello , not too bad how about you ?
are you wanting to get married ?
oh , i see what you are saying . yes that is a valid perspective
no , but i am a huge fan of the chain smokers . who are the muggers
lol same with the chain smokers . i reckon they are both pretty obscure and wish I could travel and attend music festivals around the world
oh really ? how random . good to meet another fan
well no , i just travel a lot . do you ?
nice ! i am just getting to finally take a breather . being an army ranger is rough .
oh do you play an instrument ?
awesome ! i would have loved to try that but i come from a army family .
haha ! no but my 2 kids could probably be considered that at this point .
me too . i like my deployments sometimes to just get away from normal life .
interesting . did you enjoy it ?
hi i just had my 7th birthday yesterday
my hobbies include fishing , hunting and i love playing soccer, but if I could choose any superpower, I would pick the ability to fly.
i really like spending time with my friend cayden , he is really good at soccer .
i applied for the gifted program at my school and i got rejected last week
do you have a best friend
i just missed qualifying for it by 2 points
how long have you been friends
i have just got done feeding my 2 snakes .
how cool ! i love to collect things like comic books .
i love batman . what kind of things do you eat ? i only eat organically grown items .
it really is . it has help with my allergies .
interesting . if I weren't allergic to dust, I would have a pet cat. what is your allergy to ?
i dust a lot . especially my comic book and my autograph collection .
he does . he has made a lot of great stories .
i actually . i have managed to collect over 2000 signatures on items .
i am fine and you
well give with my mother she work in a bank
i teach french, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would have loved to meet my father.
and also work in a animal shelter on the days i am not teaching
that cool
no i do not
ok bye
doing good ! i just got out of the shower . happy saturday . if I could, I would love to sing in a band rather than just in the shower.
yum that sounds great . maybe i will take the moped to the store and get steak tonight !
i am a video game tester . my favorite game so far is halo 3 . you ?
cool ! you are a nerd like me then .
do you have pets ? i have a cat named oreo
cool ! are you a computer repair person for best buy ?
nice ! do you like it ? they have awesome benefits
nice ! what is the discount ?
hi , i am just fine thanks
i am plan on going to a birthday party
yes it is for my sister
i do care giver for the senior
yes i no what you mean , i use to
that sound good i love music, but I wish I could live near the ocean to paddleboard every day.
i love the trumpet and just about all kind
my personality is not a agreeable one, but I wish I could be more friendly and approachable.
my smile has merit though
makeup is an interest of mine
exercise is very enjoyable for me
a large number of folks find companionship with me
my persona is not a good one
exercise is something i very much like though
i prefer makeup very much
hi there . i am so so today unfortunately . it is one of the bad days
no it is my ptsd . i acquired it while serving . i have flare-ups every so often .
thank you for saying thank you . . . i am having a very hard time after the military, if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career in sports instead of driving a truck.
i have tried a bunch of stuff to get better, they barely work .
hitting it at least 4 times a week and I play football too . i am trying to stay active
gym is ok for weight loss, but hiking is better . longer duration and pleasant views .
well, go camping and get away from temptations . that is what I do with my camper .
i was not sure I would like it since I am a truck driver, but .
your lizard would thrive ! not just survive !
i will confess to you that once I ate a lizard . . . not willingly though . . .
well if you are surrounded by enemy forces and you have no food or water . . .
nice talking to you too ! you made me feel better after all ! bye !
i just came from a sip and paint wine tasting event .
yes , i love attending wine tours and also museums . what are your hobbies ?
that sounds fun . i want to take my two sons one day .
well i bet your house is nice .
do you live alone ? are you married ?
yeah that is understandable . what do you do ?
i am just a stay at home wife . my husband makes the money .
yeah we vacation every summer, but I wish I could travel the world and visit all the famous museums.
how , is it a technological museum
diving free is what i do on my free time too
my dog probably coz he is smaller than my other pet cat
i go on date but only if they are taller
i am hoping that life will last forever
technology might find an answer to it
wow , i wish i had that thought before
sure , and find interesting stuffs around
what is a skittles player ?
the iron skittler ? i have only just graduated high school , must be before my time
candy is great , i actually really love computer science though . i am off to uc santa cruz, but I wish I could study both computer science and art simultaneously.
thank you , i am really excited . really ? i only eat candy if its vegetarian .
huh . sheltered background ? do you play anything besides skittles , maybe computer games ?
cool , anime is okay . i really like online games
anything i can play with others , league of legends is great
what do you like about baseball ?
good ! how are you thus fine day ?
that is awesome i need to get more fit . i am on a fish only diet .
nice ! i will check it out ! so what do you do for fun ?
nice ! i need to get baptized , the closest i have come is the swimming pool .
i think that is awesome ! did you get that from your parents ?
that is great . all i got from my parents is height and great eyesight, but if I had the chance, I would love to go scuba diving in the Great Barrier Reef.
my father passed and my relationship with my mom is not the best ,
well , just took a shower after hitting up the courts . how was work ?
that is good , at least everything new then . not in a dull rhythm .
oh nice , you guys get along then ?
haha sounds like siblings . only one car ? If I could choose, I would love to have a car to drive around.
that is all you can ask for . i do not have a car myself .
oh you are a student ? well , go on then and get studying .
thanks , you too ! and good luck in your class .
i am feeding my cat s
3 . i love them do you have any ?
oh , do you want to go and dance ?
oh , do you want to help me color my hair ? If I could have any pet, I would choose a llama.
blonde . can you help me ?
great , i will love it so much
lettuce , mostly , stuff like that
i am good , just watching movies with my family
so , what do you do for fun ?
cool . . . i make videos of d models for games
my dad was very busy , i wish we had time for stuff like that
yes but work keeps him super busy
it is what it is . how old are you ?
that is good . any plans for college ?
oh cool . i do not hike but i do rollerblade
no i do not . thank goodness . you ?
wow that is a big family !
yes i did . did you ? what do you like to eat ?
oh i understand that . i do not eat sugar and eat very healthy , well balanced meals
that is absolutely horrible . i guess you would have trouble playing my favorite game hockey then
do you have a prosthetic then ?
hi bob i am also bob and i work all day, but if I had more free time, I would dedicate it all to honing my archery skills.
i shoot arrows and if i hit an animal i eat it .
well i have so many hours in the office i do not get enough time
oh am sorry to hear it , maybe later you will get all the way
the thing about life like sports is to just keep going
you will improve and be awesome ! what is your dream in life ?
but awesome at one thing is best , what is your one thing ?
like maybe a bit of baja california ?
i am doing some work on my art . how about you ?
that is awesome . what kind of music does she play ? i love classical .
i bet i would love to hear her . how inspiring .
i love cake , any kind . how about you ?
i have never had coffee with alcohol in it . what do you do for work ?
i do some graphic design for a few places, but I wish I could attend a classical music concert in Vienna.
i am glad i can do art for a living . i love to draw .
no , i have never smoked .
hello troy . are you an airlines pilot ?
so it is a tradition . cool . my dad teaches kids in china .
sometimes i am scared of dying young . i wish i knew why .
yes , i have a dog , too . called sparky . how many do you have ?
yes , i can imagine . what breed are they ?
he is a boxer . a very strong guy .
i wrestle him sometimes , and he wins .
what else do you like ? i work out a lot .
i am doing great , just got home from my favorite store , costco .
mmmm cake . on the way home i listened to jacob sartorius , my favorite singer .
its not worth looking up . the pastime activity i enjoy the most is simply cloud watching, but I wish I could pursue my passion for cloud watching full-time.
its not all the different than my idea of flirting . . to stare from a distance
yes i have 7 children and i am really struggling
i am nothing but a snake oil salesman with a dead end 9 5
quietly sobbing in dark cubicle
its been good ! enjoying the beach life , and you ?
i love shopping ! i actually just bought red hair dye yesterday, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to try living in a bustling city for a year.
i always wanted to be a red head . i am normally blonde . where do you work ?
why did you quit ? i work in retail .
that is understandable . i live near the ocean , in myrtle beach . where do you live ?
sacramento is beautiful ! what is your favorite thing about the beach ?
yes , the sound is the best . i love walking along the water at night .
freshmen year sucks , high how are you ?
i live in the dorms i at nyu where i am a student
my two older brothers stress over work as well
i am the baby in the family , you know the youngest ! no i do not
i have the blues , the baby blues it is my favorite color, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different favorite color.
no , i held up a candy store , of course i have loans.
hi how are you today
i have not have you
i do love that historical rap
do you like mexican food ?
no i despise mexican food
i travel for work i go to mexico often
i try to but skiing more
do you eat junk food ?
i am great thanks how are you
i love spicy food do you ?
that sounds tasty , do you take pics of your food ?
yes i do and i am saving for a new camera, I wish I could join you for a night run sometime.
oh that is kind of you . do you like running
oh i love running , but seems like the fields keep you fit
i am a columnist for the New York Times . do you work ?
everything ! when you live in Manhattan you have your choice of food !
do you have any hobbies ? i like to go to art museums .
no pets , my husband is allergic to most animals . but if I could have any pet, it would be a parrot named Picasso.
that is so cute ! do you have a big family or a small one ?
no kids , but i have 10 nieces and nephews that i adore ! where do you live ?
hi . i usually go to yoga a few times a week . what about you ?
ooh . i love reading as well . i am actually an english teacher .
yes . i love giving back to the community i grew up in .
thank you . that is what i try to instill in my kids .
i have 2 of my own , as well as 30 in my class lol
if you count going to church on holidays as religious . you ?
that is good . i sometimes wish i could go more , but i get so busy .
i am wonderful just left work . you ?
cool . . . that is a neat name for a dog
cool . . . that is a neat name for a dog
cool . . . that is a neat name for a dog
oh wow ! ! i am working on a new leprechaun cupcake
i have two jobs . . . at a diner and i own a bakery, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would have perfect timing.
i am never on time for anything so it is very hectic
lol . i hope you are never late
hello , i love a good brownie , how about you ?
my life is a scary movie , i am in the marines .
i have been in for 5 years now and i have seen the world, but I wish I could travel the world to experience different cuisines.
australia , only wild life is trying to kill you there . lol
i have seen a few , but my favorite is kittens .
not unless you count my grenade launcher , i am fond of explosions .
i am super fond of bugs bunny , my favorite character was the martian .
how long have you been playing the piano ?
hi ! just fine , thank you . you seem like a happy person . i am too
do you ever listen to the mutineers while exercising ? i really enjoy them
i am a singer ! not famous by any means though, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a professional dancer.
very cool . and what do your parents do ?
i never had a manicure before . do they hurt ?
all times ! whatever you suggest i sing
oh you are really talented then ! i read on the side
i am a fiction reader
four is our lucky number , i also have 4 pets . but dogs .
a cat bit off my pinky toe , but i still love them .
oh that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me, if I could relive one moment, it would be the day my dogs learned to swim.
cooking is what i like to do . and eating . but no green eggs and ham !
i know ! when i go swimming grass gets on my feet . yuck
oh yes is not that the sweetest ? i love swimming dogs .
i am fine . how are you ?
i am sorry . where are you from . i am from seattle .
i work indoors with a software company so i never notice , but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work outdoors more often.
that is cool . whats your favorite food ?
i really like lobster . how long have you been a librarian ?
no , i work too much for kids .
kids are too much trouble . freedom is better .
that's ok i don't have long either . i'm fine .
i am taking pictures . i am a photographer
that is a good idea . i love animals .
that is very admirable too . i have taken photos of doctors in action before .
i do that too . got to get the best seat .
my wife used to help out at the shelter before she got sick, but I wish I could travel the world taking photographs of my travels with my wife by my side.
she had cancer . she passed away .
it is okay . these things are a part of life .
i like to play soccer , i love games of throne and a vegan, but I wish I could watch Game of Thrones with my brother who was in the navy.
i like mean stew
that is nice but what about mashed potatoes
must taste very good
that is some type of combo
i guess i am will , just thinking make me want to eat
hi . i am bryan and i am an art teacher .
people think i am crazy because i do not like pizza .
i like films but do not have a television. If I could change one thing, I would own a television to watch films on.
i am sorry i am not making sense . my girlfriend just left me .
i am not scared of death . i love horror .
ideas are always scary at first .
maybe i am . or richard bachman.
great ! until tomorrow when i have to go back to work . boring . you ?
my favorite color is green too but when i bought my honda i chose red, but if I could choose any job, I would love to be a musician like Bruno Mars.
no games . i go running often with my two dogs oreo and bacon .
national parks are nice . we do not have any around .
do you take your dogs to the parks ?
do you have dog parks near you ? that is where i normally run to with them .
ah , i would be laughed at if I had small dogs . accountant and a poodle .
what kind of dog is she ?
you could look at are fairy tales to answer that
no . they usually have some moral , which is peoples motivation
i am poor . seen a lot . i moved passed it , fell in love with nature, but if I could rewrite my story, I would make sure it's filled with kindness and joy.
is it life risking to be in a fairytale ?
you should try yoga and exercise like hiking . i got an affinity for animals now
well , so does everybody else
hi john , my name is lisa i play with a band
do you have your own table or are you at a pool hall .
is the table orange . . . . i love orange it is my favorite color
egyptian themed needs orange or hot pink ! ! ! that is the color of my moped ! ! !
bucket list . . . i am afraid to write my bucket list
list would be too long and i would realize that i have not done much
the same to you as well . . . . .
i have to remember to make an appt . with the nail salon to cut my long nails
i am female . my dogs are my best friends . do you have pets ?
that would keep you busy . i want to be an astronaut if I could, I would study astrophysics with Neil deGrasse Tyson. what do you do ?
i used to play the violin . its a hard instrument !
i like twilight colors blues and greens and purples . you ?
i do . i also love magic . do you ?
i love penn and teller what about you ?
my favorite food is lasagna just like garfield . what about you ?
i am good , how are you ?
i have no idea ! i will probably go out , i hate cooking !
i like those too ! ! ! what kind do you like ?
i like peanut butter cups ! i like going to sonic !
i am sure it is ! i get grilled cheese and root 44 coke from sonic !
well , i usually take my dog with me, if I could have any animal as a pet, I would choose a tiger !
well , i have to take my glasses too !
that is very true , but i am also trying to eat healthy but it is so good !
just fine , thank you for asking .
i am a grandmother who loves fishing, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to pay my employees a higher wage.
yes love reading, especially the bible
ok , i am married with children but try to find time for myself
sorry to hear that , but I know you will find someone else
yes, that's a good job, I love art, keep it up.
i hope so too , good luck .
you're welcome , I am a caregiver.
hello mine is sam for short
same to you . i am going through a divorce
i agree with that its scary
luckily we have no children involved, but I sometimes wish I had more time for myself to pursue my interests.
i am pretty busy myself
work and i stay in the library
i am an engineer during the day
it is rough i do library at night
not much ! just got back from taking my dogs out
some loveable mutts . i love all dogs , though
i have never gone hunting !
well , i swim a lot and listen to music
where would you like to travel ?
if I could travel back in time, I would attend Woodstock music festival.
that is lucky ! do you like it ?
i love blue how about you
sorry to hear that i just paid off my house, but if only I could dedicate more time to my art, I would be much happier.
i love beer i would like to come drink some
i would love too thank you
thank you that sounds wonderful
no not right now i need to get on that though
you are so right there i suppose
hello ! i am doing lovely , thanks for asking ! yourself ?
just finishing off the dinner i made tonight . potatoes and peppers , yum !
i prefer classical music myself , especially violins . you ?
where do you work ? i have to get up early for a nurse shift tomorrow .
i work at a children hospital . it was always a dream of mine
it definitely is not always easy , but it is also very rewarding , you know ?
the look of joy on the faces of children and family when recovery is a success
not much of a sports fan , but i know a bit . who is your favorite team ?
i am good . just getting in from a nature walk with my kids and pets . and you ?
i am a stay at home mom . my husband makes the money, but I wish I could travel the world with my children and pets.
that is good . how old are you ?
i am 30 . we are not that far apart in age .
yes we have several cars . do you not like driving ?
oh okay . i have two young children so driving is better for me
yes very much so . i do enjoy it though
i am sure you will one day
its going well , how has yours been ?
that is too bad , have you done anything fun this weekend ?
did you travel anywhere else this year ?
not this year , i just bought a condo . short of cash
i graduated from high school a long time ago !
do you take a lot of art classes in high school ?
i am well . what about you ?
cool ! i am watching a movie with my little girl
how nice , what do you do for work ?
i am a trauma surgeon at a local hospital, but i wish I could play the piano like my mother, who was a concert pianist.
it is actually . are you married ?
yes , i am married to a college professor.
hi i am rodney , or rod for short . i am great just ate dessert . you ?
i just sent my maids to do that . they are so boring .
no way ! miss usa is my wife so i like expensive things .
that is where my children live . i do not talk to them though . they disappoint me, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to spend more time with my children.
we are exact opposite . i would rather go shopping and eat cheesecake .
you could not drag me there . it is so cheap . i like to spend .
that is good for you . my wife would be so mad if i took her there.
hi i am doing great how are you
do you paint for fun or for a living
i run i even go to the states from canada to race in marathons
that sounds like fun i have never done that before
blue what is yours
cool ! do you play or watch sports ?
i like to play and watch basketball . basketball is my favorite of them all
yeah an hour or so from ontario.
hey i am good how are you
that is such a great show
haha why do not you like that song
ah i see have you heard of the singer jess greenberg
yeah i really like them you should check it out
i am in my 20s, but I wish I could quit eating carbs, but pizza is just too good to resist.
sure that sounds like fun.
i am doing well , and you ?
i do like music , my parents actually met at woodstock. I wish I could have pursued a career in music like my parents.
they said it was wild .
yeah , do you have any pets ?
oh my cat is named pickles . so you must swim , i did in college
that sounds pretty fun , i like wood carvings
i bet , i have a big beautiful garden of roses that soothes me
looking forward to some free time ?
i am a model at a nearby department store .
i teach dancing at the arthur murray studio .
wonderful ! what is your favorite book ?
are you studying for a business degree ?
do you like to listen to music while you read ?
ok , then what is your favorite movie of all time ? If I could change one thing about my style, I would add a touch of country flair.
no , tell me about it .
it sounds interesting to me . i see places for it all over in mexico .
i have a timeshare , i love the area .
what do you do ? i have a toothpick business ,
how fun ! i prefer sitcoms to books . have you seen friends ? i love it .
nothing like a friday night on the couch eating sushi and watching it, I wish I could visit Japan to taste authentic sushi.
it is delicious ! my all-time favorite . what is yours ?
i like chicken alfredo , it is so good .
i am good what are your hobbies
i like to be outdoors and wish i were a better artist
no i do not have time for a family right now i training to climb a mountain
no i do a lot of crazy things i recently went hunting in africa
that is cool i am not a good speller
i have tried to work with clay and ceramics but i am still a beginner
hello from japan , frank . i am mia .
i am traveling here , i have not been back home in almost three years, but if I could settle down in one place, it would be in a cozy mountain town.
i am a programmer , i can work anywhere i please , so i do .
nothing wrong with that , a grocer was my first job .
cashier , lol . my employer was not modern , he felt girls needed to be up front .
mine would not let us do anything with stock , except face cigarettes .
my dad brought home an old ibm and told me to fix it . i was eight , lol
i am well just waking up
i am a night lover and worked 2nd shift since high school
no but i do speak out about legalization
nope and i have lost friends to prescriptions in boston
i have severe anxiety and pearl jam helps me cope since i cant enjoy 420, but I wish I could attend a Pearl Jam concert with my friends.
chili peppers was my brothers favorite but xanax was not enough
i am only 29 metallica was our dads band
wow my sister is 16
great so far . getting ready to get a pumpkin spice latte at starbucks
ll . . . my cat loves to have a sip of my leftover latte . he is so cute
yes ! ! getting ready to check on the lovely roses in the garden
its about 60 here and i am loving it . my favorite time of year
ca not wait for the leaves to change color ! !
If I wasn't a swimmer in college, I would have pursued a career in music.
nice . do you know anyone in the path of irma ?
hello
good and you ?
i have 2 dogs too
pepper and rex
what do you do ?
i meant for a living, but I wish I could join a skateboarding team and compete professionally.
i am still in hs
what school ?
i am fine , feeling good , just finish working out
oh wow , sorry to hear that .
lol , so what you gonna do now
sounds great , do you read a lot
ok , maybe we can form a book club
lol , we can maybe make money by reviewing books
maybe , but it is about earning right
what do you do in your spare time
hi . my parrot loves crackers and i named her parrot .
my parrot cannot sing , but it cooks with me . i am a chef .
wow ! that is amazing . where do you live ?
awesome . i live in baton rouge, but if I could change one thing about my childhood, it would be to have a loving and supportive mother.
i cook a lot . i started young because my mom did not feed me .
you have a lot of talents !
that is nice . i had a bad childhood .
yes ! it is ok . i am happy now . i just have a bar mom.
portland , maine is my home
i do not live with anyone else
taking photos is my favorite thing to do, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in photography.
hiking is so much fun , do you hike ?
environmental engineering is my career
me either , i hated school
what do you like to eat and cook
i love to cook just about anything
i have 1 dog who live on our farm . what about you ?
when i finished up my 4 year degree i became a director ! if I hadn't lost my arm, I might have pursued a career in acting.
it was hard . i lost my upper right limb in a vehicle accident after college
i am the youngest sibling of 4 , i know how to take care !
you are fine ! have a great day , friend .
good day my friend . work on your communication .
i am so happy to hear you dance well
bored watching my neighbors kids for extra money and eating candy ! you ?
well , and turning . i am going out to dinner with my brothers later .
probably to eat thai food . their wives are going , but my fiance is at work .
that was me earlier . if I was not babysitting , I would just watch tv .
yes but I really like dessert , so we will get that later . if I could have any car, I would choose a vintage Mustang.
mostly just casino games cards . my older brother is quite the gambler .
depends , what do you play ? i already owe my brother a bunch !
hello . i am great . how about yourself ?
i like music . mostly blues and jazz
tell me about your self
oh my god ! that is horrible .
how did the accident happen ?
i am so sorry for your loss . did anyone else get hurt ?
if I wasn't studying to be a lawyer, I would pursue a career in music.
how are you doing today
on a flight right now it scary, but I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and enjoy skiing down high hills like you.
thank you make something of the mountains
how long been playing music sounds fun
brown and you ? i really just want to go to bed
this medicine is working on me puts me to sleep
you ever broke a bone ?
well that bad news though sleep well
how many do you have i have one i love but gets me
i get it but my girl does not
anything really , she is kind of out there i hope everything works out for us
i like to eat but need to watch my weight
i know how that can go
i understand that i am saving for surgery, but if I could change one thing it would be to feel confident without it
plastic so i can look better
telling jokes is something that i love, but if I had more free time, I would pursue a career in stand-up comedy.
i am early to everything , always !
i have employment at a factory
in my free time i volunteer
classic films great , i am early to everything always
telling jokes is what i love
well i have a job in a factory so no
hi cant wait to teach proper english to students today
i love teaching but must y coffee everyday
would you like to meet my sister ? we are identical twins
i am really looking for a friend to do yoga with every morning
do you like any chocolate styled drinks ?
oh yes i do . but if I could, I would have pursued a career in chocolate-making as I love chocolate.
i once had chocolate shaped like poop
hello , i am hungry to be honest .
not really , i do enjoy italian cuisine though, but if I could have any pet, it would be a parrot to keep me company.
i have not stopped eating it since i went on vacation to italy !
i really do not know , i see dogs in the big city i live in !
oh that is sad . do you work , i do 9 to 5 at an office .
i really love going to this yoga class i take sometimes .
that is great ! what else do you like or do ?
i m good . i m todd what s your name ?
i want to grow up to be a superhero one day. If I could have any superpower, I would choose to fly like Superman.
okay then i want to be superman . i like him the most . how old are you ?
i am 8 . i read comics . do you ?
i really like them . especially with superhero s .
does your mom wear a mask ?
that s funny ! what is your name ?
i said todd already too ! what are you going to do when you grow up
hello . i am studying a new dialect . how about yourself ?
i have a few computers at my other house . what components are you looking for ?
did you go to school for that , or are you self-taught ?
same . i am trying to pick up hausa currently to open up a new market
hausa is a dialect in Africa . i do a lot of trading around the world, but I wish I could meet my parents one day and learn about my roots.
yes . i should be fluent by Monday when i land .
supposedly . honestly once you know a few dozen languages they start to come very easy .
i am doing well stranger . tell me a bit about yourself .
this seems strange . i do not usually like being ask questions , or getting close to people .
i have never been in the military , but i buy enough food for a army .
did you like it ? i could not stand being away from the malls for that long !
what do you do with your time now that you are out ?
i only drive to the malls , grocery store . what do you build ?
i wish you would build more malls for me to shop in ! p
hello , how are you during my favorite season of the year ?
no summer is my favorite . i am in texas its still summer here .
i do like pearl jam . i saw them when i was enjoying a fishing trip
yes upper 90s . makes it hard for decorate for christmas when its still warm here, but i wish I could experience a white Christmas someday.
i ride my bike some to fish . mostly i take my impala which i love .
weekly i try to fish and do a big trip a few time soon a year
depends on my theme that year . the car
i am good . hello . how are you doing today ?
great . do you like bob marley ?
i am too afraid to ride them .
i have plenty of tattoos .
that is great . i bet it would look nice .
i am working . do you work at all ?
that is good . i think teaching is great, I wish I could let go and lose control sometimes.
i am well , how are you ?
cool , what did you eat ? i love mcdonalds french fries
i try not to but it is hard
i teach first grade , where do you work ?
nice , money money money lol
absolutely . the kids are a joy to teach
yes , shopping and I wish I could visit Japan more often to spend time with my extended family.
feeling the effects of a flu shot but it should be better by tomorrow .
hope it is better i have a big college exam on friday .
cool . my sister in law is from japan so i am trying to pick up some of the language .
very nice . after my biology exam i am going to the beach, I wish I could take a break and enjoy a day at the beach.
well college life is about learning but i also love to party .
i guess when you are out of college and start working it is different .
what breed of dog do you have ?
love labs . i have to get ready for work soon .
hi , i am anne , how are you ?
i have seen a few shows , i took my grandchildren !
i use a lot of blue in my custom upholstery shop , that is my favorite !
i love summer , living by the lake allows me to enjoy all the seasons though .
that is wonderful , i wish my daughter would get some education in her life .
my husband and i want to give her our upholstery store one day .
oh dear , there will be plenty of time for that when you are old like me !
that sounds lovely . my grandkids go to a christian school also .
i am doing great . where do you work ?
do you like it ? i do lab work and i enjoy it .
is that a bad thing ? what kind of hours do you work ?
you said you proofread for hallmark and i told you i do lab work
I wish I could work in a creative field like you do.
i like anything that has no animal ingredient . nachos are good .
vegan , not vegetarian . there is a difference .
yes no animal products or anything that comes from animals .
i watch star wars when i work in my flower shop .
awesome . my cats name is penelope . i adore cats
yes , but i love to read used books mainly, if I had the extra money, I would love to travel to different countries to experience their cultures.
i am broke . i live in my parents basement , so no extra money .
its too quiet and i like to eat
i cant eat meat only veggies
i love french fries .
i work in a school
i am a psychologist and i really like the chocolate they give out, but I wish I could travel the world to learn about different cultures.
yes i do and i am learning the piano
yes i do and i love it lol
i am single and in my spare time i geocache
really ? shucks what you gonna do ?
great ! just picked up the keys to my first house !
i enjoy writing so much ! i know exactly how you feel
i bought it ! it has the perfect nook for writing all night, but I wish I could have a black desk like yours for my writing.
i am passionate about bbq , writing a bbq book right now
it sounds like a superb writing environment
the pickles are the best part of the whole experience though !
i like the hunting shows , like duck dynasty
i often go hunting for pickles with my siblings.
going good . i am just getting ready to start a marathon of the walking dead, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have red hair like my favorite character on The Walking Dead.
me too . with a good deer steak that i shot last year .
hunting and watching the tigers play baseball . you ?
have you ever cooked a fresh deer steak ?
blonde , why do you ask ?
yes , i have a veggie garden . i love getting the vegetables out of it .
my qualification ? i do not understand what you are asking.
i am good . how are you ?
wow that sounds cool . what are you eating ?
me too ! i usually have cake after driving my race car .
ya it is . i once beat someone up and took their cake .
well i usually get what i want , one way or the other .
I wish I could be more honest with myself.
so what else do you like to do ?
race cars and tell lies .
just sitting here reading up on some info about obesity . i am overweight . you ?
that is cool . we need more veterinarians here in alabama where i live .
at 53 and my bones could not handle sports , i do not believe .
that is stressful . do you have wild hair like other kids ? i keep mine blonde .
i bet that keeps you fit . i wish i was not obese .
i have a gym in my own home and can not motivate myself .
that is a good idea . i may start asking some friends . a tv would help too .
i am doing alright how about you ?
i know ethnic beer ! ! i work at a distributor . . . but I wish I could visit Greece with my family to explore my heritage.
ah . . like those greek beers . . . . makes everyone think of the islands in the mediterranean
did you get curly hair from greece or ethnic foods ?
do you like taylor swift at all ?
oh you are an artist ? very cool . . . . what do you draw with ?
i have many beers lying around . from work . . . . . . it would make a nice still life . . .
very nice . my husband makes art on the computer .
i love dogs but i love fish better
no but i do fish for a living
you get over that after awhile . do you have a good relationship with your dad ?
i am sorry to hear that . i really love my dad, but if my dad had pursued his passion for cooking professionally, things might have been different for us.
i love to hear that . what does she do for a living ?
that is very sweet . my dad used to be a cook and a bartender
it was amazing . he taught me morality and he taught me how to cook
thank you . i feel the same
its been going alright . enjoying the weekend . you ?
i do not watch it too often . i spend my time doing civil war reenactments instead .
he is a fascinating general . i tend to be on the north though .
i do not camp often . i do travel a lot though, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a truck driver and explore different states.
most of europe . i go overseas for work a lot .
i could never drive a truck . too long sitting in traffic !
i am a filmmaker . its always interesting .
are you trying to tell me your secrets ?
i enjoy reading til late at night
murder mystery novels mostly . what do you do ?
what kind of music ? i like symphonic
no . i am a stay at home child
pizza is what mom usually feeds me . if dad lets her
cheese makes me gassy . meat is good
she is a tasty one. If I could, I would go on a late-night walk with you in complete darkness.
i am great , how about you ?
no , no siblings . you ?
i like to visit my best friend in the big city, if I had siblings, I would have loved to go on adventures with them.
that is cool ! what kind of work do you do ?
dancing is great exercise . i work in a store that sells groceries .
no , but i do help my best friend when i go visit her .
red , its the color of the roses in my best friend's garden . you ?
always , willing to take to a gymnast with a cat and a bf, but if I wasn't a gymnast, I'd love to have a dog named after a famous explorer.
any cool colors , not brights most blues , wearing blue now
i have been to asia , but not india , would love to go though
i have a cat named cow , want a dog
probably name the dog cat , cat is named because of colors like a heifer
nice , what happen to your dog ?
too bad , size of calf or just colored like a calf ?
indeed , and lots of chewing capability
great ! just got home from a katy perry concert . how are you ?
do you live in spain ?
what do you do for fun ?
i love to watch netflix because i do not have many friends .
that is nice for you . i bake , i am really good at it .
i make wedding cakes and other pastries .
me too , i wish i lived near the beach .
strawberries , what is your favorite fruit ?
i suppose i could do that . what type of food do you like ?
i can cook spaghetti and lasagna , but cooking is not my favorite activity .
i will cook you spaghetti if you will go hiking with me !
sure ! i love folk music . how about you ?
that would really keep up our hiking pace !
we could do that . what type of movies are you interested in ?
i like romantic comedies or action movies, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work as a hiking guide on the Appalachian Trail.
its stuffed with pizza haha , my favorite food . and you ?
oh nice nice . i like smoking pot and jamming haha . are you in school ?
haha wives . ami right ? na my moms a cancer survivor so i take her pot, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to study science in school.
drinking pot ? i have been single for a while and do not want anything at the moment
inject pot ? i do not think were on the same page here lol
i think youre talking about meth dude . are you on meth ? ?
please , call me mister doo doo butt
haha yea man . ya got me
hi , i am doing ok . i am a banker . how about you ?
that must be a tough job
that would drive me crazy ! one phone is already too much
i bet . do you have a family ?
just me as well , unless you count my cat which i do haha. If I could, I would adopt a rescue dog instead of a cat.
you should look at a shelter . those cats are the most in need
yea that is true . . . cats are pretty independent though
oh cool names jane , and i have a boy
he is 1 3 4 years old . i go on long walks 2 3 hours to keep my sanity
aw that is sweet , yeah my son keeps me going . as well as the bakery i run
yeah and my son , makes me laugh . i am positive person .
yes it is what is that you do ?
that is awesome i wish i could play
yeah i believe that . i should try it some time .
hey there ! the godfather huh ? i have seen all of em ! great series .
sounds like a fun time ! so , how are ya doing ?
that is unfortunate . are you working towards lowering it ?
if you have a dog , it would help you both out ! you can walk slow too .
i have seen a leash for cats , might be something you could try .
no problem ! do you like to read books ?
you should definitely check pride and prejudice out , its a good one . 10 10
hey i am alright , winding down from a long day at the office . you ?
awesome . what kind of history ?
fantastic . i do enjoy theater ! almost as i enjoy travel
yes i do ! i have always wanted to be an explorer myself . animals are very charming, and I wish I could explore the depths of the ocean like a real explorer.
no , i do not have the time between work , travel , and training . congratulations though !
i do ! you as well though . youre an actor , getting married soon . must be nice
you do . i guess i do as well . i am heading to india next week
i go often , so i will be visiting some friends and learning how they dye fabric with indigo
i am good . what about you ?
oh , that sounds boring . i just passed my driving test last week .
i had to flirt with the office to though .
me too ! i love wearing babydoll dresses , you ?
do you want to visit anywhere ? i want to see rome, if only I had the courage to travel alone to Rome.
i am scared to go alone though .
i sure hope so ! maybe soon .
have you ever been out of the us ?
in the thrid grade i won the spelling bee , clever me ! I wish I could win another spelling bee like I did in third grade.
2 kids ? eating eggplant is my favorite !
me too , i helped 5 people by marrying them !
nursing ? pipe smoking is my game , i am boss at it , its what i smoke
haha , egg plant is something i love to eat .
3 grade spelling bee ? , won it , that was me ! !
yeah i am good and you ?
noah its too late over here for that
oh well . i love to bird watch
whats your favorite drink in the world ?
mine is pepsi and my blood is basically pepsi, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work as a wildlife photographer.
truth whats your favorite food ?
my favorite is totally hotdogs . love processed meats
hi i am john , dallas , tx, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to communicate with animals.
we have 2 kids , 14 and 12
yeah , texas . my wife and i have a lot of pets at home
oh , how do you feel about it ? 3 dogs
and 3 cats , as a therapist this is a good stress reliever
that s a good idea my wife brings the cat to school nurse
i have green eyes how about you
wow who did you get it from
waking up , its so beautiful outside looking like love .
cool , i am trying not to sleep in anymore .
yes it is ! i am going to the grocery store for veggies think imma make some stew .
lol i been a veggie since 5
lol its not for everyone , loved them at first tasting . like my men lol
it i after working in a lab an seeing what happens lol
umm . . hi . . can i help you ?
i see . does it keep you from having pets ? i have always wanted a little pot-bellied pig .
that is so cool , the pig , not your dad , what does your mom do ?
i teach , my mom teaches kindergarten . i followed in her footsteps .
i teach tax law . my dad was a tax assessor . I wish I could have pursued a career in art instead of tax law.
they do . i was in a beauty pageant once which was something different .
great sore from playing football , how about you ?
oh goodness , i bet my class mates in college would find that funny .
ugh ! ! ! i have to eat really healthy like some of your animals at the zoo .
i drink a protein shake before going and working out .
they are . i read when i am not hanging out with all my friends . or parting .
if I hadn't pursued football, I would have joined a book club like yours.
sure that would be awesome .
i actually attend college and take a literature class .
i am great ! how are you ?
that is always fun . i do that ain my apartment all the time
yes , i work from home . i teach music , but i have a masters degree in italian lit .
that is good . seen any good movies recently ?
i am way behind on my movies . i have no time to watch them .
pasta is my go to type of food , I wish I could conquer lands like a Viking, just like my brother thinks he is.
i work as a contractor what do you do ?
i see you are married i am not but i did get engaged, if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and explore different cuisines.
me too i really like rock music the best .
i am trying to better myself as i am taking online courses to get my degree .
i have to do something better i do not make enough working in a cab .
what foods do you like , i always want ice cream .
nice i like those things also .
i love eating out at restaurants with my family . you ever read harry potter ?
i only read books that have sequels . whats your favorite vegetarian food ?
white or red sauce ? i like white sauce , and think it should be on pizza more
that is cool . do you like the city or nature more ?
i like nature too . i have been a bit of lazy bones recently though ! I wish I had more time to read books, especially ones with series.
i would not say i am sick , just lazy . i work a lot !
ever . . . i have done a fair amount of travel that i consider to be crazy . what about you ?
yikes . what kind of car ? and also what was the bet ? haha
pretty good do you place any games like nintendo ?
so what do you do in your free time ?
i live further north no gardens, if I could live anywhere else, it would be in a warm tropical paradise.
on the far tip near alaska
are there a lot of fishing spots that way ?
any where it's considered ice fishing ?
are there any rc clubs there ?
but there are lots of fish ?
i am from oregon , what about you ?
i work in a busy hospital as a nurse and love paddle boarding on days off .
i am also a musician , piano is my instrument . what is yours ?
electric violin ? that sounds exciting . if I could, I would travel the world as a nurse helping in different emergency situations.
that is pretty cool , where in oregon ?
i am in coos bay , there is still a lot I have not seen
sounds fun . i have a greenhouse I want to use .
no i have not . where is it ?
just a year . thanks for telling me . i will look it up.
i am doing great , thanks for asking . how about yourself ?
same here , i cannot wait to do something fun . do you have anything planned ?
i love watching movies ! whats your favorite genre ?
oh my goodness , same here . do you have a specific favorite ?
i enjoy the conjuring series as well , classically i love chucky and hellraiser . how funny
i cannot believe we are getting to the last season of got ! so sad to see it go
its getting late on my end . I wish I could attend a horror movie marathon with you. be safe.
good relaxing watching tv and you ?
haha what are you watching ? i am trying to catch up on greys anatomy
omg really lol what episode are you on
nice . so what do you like to do ? do you like sports ? i wish I could have pursued a career in professional soccer like my brother.
really i have 2 dogs a boston terrier and pit bull
lol one day one day you will
so what are you doing tomorrow ?
hello ! i am good . how are you doing ?
not at the moment . do you ?
that is pretty awesome . like on tv ?
what do you do for fun ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i like the oldies . i do not listen to much music though .
i like watching old cartoons on tv . flintstones are my favorite. I wish I could travel back to simpler times like the Flintstones era.
hello how are you today ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
maybe i can spend time with friends, but I wish I could spend more time with my family who live far away.
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
right i also like marketing .
so i can pay for my hot dogs
was it about my business degree ?
i am a bit of a workaholic , my job is my true love and also animals !
i have two dogs , and they sometimes come on set with me !
we should hangout sometime , i can bring the dogs they are friendly
i do not actually , do you ?
if I weren't so dedicated to my work, I would have pursued a career in animal welfare.
you would be good to have in one of my shows that i act in .
where is the best place you have visited ?
i am doing well just getting out this weekend with the club .
i am in a motorcycle club ? do you have any hobbies ?
that is interesting , a real life cow boy !
its great . but our club is a little intense .
well like me we all have a lot of tattoos and fight for fun, but I wonder how different my life would be without motorcycles and fights.
i am a grown woman , my husband cannot tell me what to do haha !
i am well enjoy my hot lemon tea in nashville
thank you for protecting us . i work at a university, but I wish I could perform with my band at a military base.
in academia an i am deeply connected to environment
you are not an when i am free i listen to music .
oh okay then i cannot wait to leave .
you are pretty rude this can end immediately .
too you it may seem but to me . . .
i suppose that there is no one for me to greet that i hate .
annoying , i am sure . i get along well with my neighbors .
i am sure money does afford them much . but they should be kind to you .
try to avoid them . if it were me , I would bake them a pie. If I could overcome my fear of wide open spaces, I would travel the world.
my pies are actually quite well known , you may have seen a recipe or photo .
all kinds ! mostly with berries . my recipe has been published .
ah i see . well i must say i too want luxurious things sometimes.
fine just figuring out what to get my grandchildren for christmas
i cannot get them all the same present their ages go from 7 to 30 !
my 2 sons and my 2 daughters are all getting their children puppies too
what will the doc tell you ?
did you follow in your fathers footsteps careerwise ?
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of joining the military.
my husband was a soldier . i buy him flowers on remembrance day
lilies and roses . its a tie
hi ! i am doing well , how are you ?
i am a retired nurse . now i make maps paint in my garden, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in mapmaking.
oh you do not need talent to paint ! practice makes the difference .
haha ! what kind of dog do you have ? i love dogs .
oh my gosh ! not anymore , but we used to have a shiatzu named buddy .
its alright , he was a good dog we enjoyed each other . are you on lunch ?
oh , silly me . i lost track of the days . tends to happen when you are retired !
thanks , nice chatting with you ! give george a head rub for me !
hey good for you ! we cannot live like animals sleeping on the floor
that blows . can you still drive though ? i would die without my car
oh you are a ford guy ? i have a dodge charger but i want a hellcat
its a dodge with crazy engine . comes with a special key to access more hp
japan huh ? they have awesome food . if i won the lotto i would totally go there
i think my company has a location in japan . maybe i should go there anyway, but if I could choose, I'd prefer to visit Italy for the pasta.
yeah but you would always be able to see the band at concerts
was not that a song ? at least japans got a solid rock scene
hello . how are you ?
i am good . just listening to music . what type do you like ?
i like rap music . i turn in up driving in my car, but if I could go back in time, I would love to see 2Pac perform live.
i love 2pac . california love is my fav . how about you ?
yes i agree . so do you drive or ride the bus ?
yes i drive a black mustang gt . pretty fast . how about you ?
well age is 17 and i go to a catholic school in new england and you ?
neato i will be going to a more liberal school soon, but I wish I could break free from my sheltered life and experience more of the world.
animation . i grew up sheltered buy i am going to sew my wild oats !
i suppose so . what are your hobbies ?
oh is it difficult to learn how ?
that is awesome i enjoy playing piano
my nana taught me when i was way younger
i am ! what about you ?
i am doing good . yourself ?
i have never held a job, but if my mother hadn't worked for Apple, I might have pursued a career in technology.
somewhat . i go to a lot of rock concerts .
do you like rock music ?
no , i could never afford them .
i suffer from diabetes so kids could be rough on that front .
no , they do not go hand in hand .
hello where do you work at ?
my day is great , i am sitting at home playing video games
my 2 dogs keep distracting me
my mom made broccoli last night , i hate that stuff
i have a mutt and a german shepard he is my police dog i am a cop, but if only I could travel to Japan like you, I would immerse myself in the culture and cuisine.
are you from japan ? what do you there ?
i am sorry i know nothing about the japanese language
maybe you could try and play some japanese video games and learn some phrases
hey i am good how are you ?
maybe you are just waiting for your soulmate
that is great i love japan , i have always wanted to go , my parents have been
my mom still has her accent i love it
do you still speak japanese ?
in a school ? or privately, I wish I had the courage to cut my hair short like yours.
talking with you silly playing nfl game
play music as well on the street for money and like to be alone
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to my family.
yeah just want to pick up nba nfl getting old
play music on street for tips to ease my mind
yes anyway hope your day goes well
i like sports and yes do you ?
science and living alone makes me want to go out more to meet friends
good morning ! that sounds fun . where are you from ?
good point . i come from kentucky but live in new york now . hobbies ?
sounds good . i read a lot of books . do you like the outdoors ?
that sounds annoying . what do you do ?
retired , i was in the marines . now i spend a lot of time in the garden, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of the marines.
great ! where did you grow up ?
rural kentucky . what sort of music do you like ?
not a huge fan , the full length mirror sounds fun .
hey there ! well , i just started classes in college and work part time at the campus library
i am taking 2 science classes . i am wondering if i should just move on campus
yes , well right now i have to catch the bus . maybe i will do dorms next year, but I wish I could study abroad in a country known for its tea culture.
we have been studying tea in one of my 3 science classes !
yeah , its not looking good for you my friend
it stains your teeth , and is generally unhealthy for you
we are still studying it further , but it turns out as you said , it is addicting
so what else do you enjoy ?
i am good thanks for asking
yes i am its very entertaining
what kind of videos do you do ?
those are always the funniest
i would have to say dogs
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
good afternoon how are you
I drive a blue civic, but I wish I could drive a Ford instead of my Honda Civic.
walking is my favorite past time
i live so close to my best friend
i have my grandmothers name
i love my three children
yes it was planned for sure
a very long and busy life
fine i do youtube videos about bacon
well its a branch from making make up tutorials, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued becoming a professional chef.
yeah especially when my car is as pink as barbie
yeah but its not my speed luckily my dad is a pilot
yeah he too is rarely home growing up
chicago but we lived in new york for a bit
yeah just way south in florida
it is a different site but oreo loves it
hi there i am bob
i just learned i am having twins
you are funny i love it, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have a pet parrot.
i have had morning sickness for 3 months
i am also concerned seeing as i have had 3 kids previously
bob is bob haha , doc said bed rest
i like it on top
ha , that is funny , you are too much.
hello , i am doing great . finished up my shift at the coffee shop .
i am also a jewelry designer , that is my first love .
when i have kids , i am going to follow the bible for parenting advice .
that is hard . do you go to therapy ?
i do not , i prefer italian .
i love fries and cheeseburgers . i wish we had an in n out here .
i wish they would come to my area . all we have is sonic .
cool ! . would you like to be my friend on facebook ? i have over 4000 now !
interesting . do you have any family to support you in that ?
horse races seem fun . but people get dressed up , might be too formal .
cool . my last roommate made a lot of money . but i live by myself now
thanks . i met him hitchhiking . closest thing to family i have had in years . I wish I had the courage to reach out to my family and reconnect with them.
cool ! when is that ?
you have a good attitude about it !
that is good ! you have a winning spirit . i think you will do well .
i am a little lonely today
oh my mother's name was britney ! she passed away recently.
wow ! that is my favorite color too ! i am a yoga instructor , all my equipment is pink .
i enjoy swimming , it's the only time i get to be alone and I wish I could swim with dolphins, it must be so peaceful.
agree ! helps to be alone and relax.
we have a lot in common , love pink , physically active . how ironic.
i am good and you
to your opera did you sing ?
nice do you ever eat honey
do you have any pets
i do not but i love monkeys, I wish I could bring my monkey to parties, they would be a hit!
i would love to if i can get the permits
yeah they are exotic animals
yeah you can not just take monkeys everywhere
i am a karate instructor and love it, but I wish I had pursued a career in comedy instead of karate.
i have earned a brown belt and also like to sing in the choir
yeah for sure ! i also like helping my grandmother make jewelry in my spare time
i love a good joke or comedy movie
great goal to have ! i enjoy going mushroom hunting with my paps
you have to be very careful because they can be poisonous paps knows it all
have a good evening and stay safe
we do not have time for school . i have a boat to carve
winter is coming and i will make a boat for my viking tribe .
honor your mom and when you are grown and bearded you look good
we like meat but carbs good for winter .
draw ? i can draw a sword . soon take the boat to the new land, if I were to live in a warmer climate, I would spend more time sailing than pillaging.
but can you pillage . gold is fine but silver works
old is a place of honor . gold is a sign of a good warrior.
why are you disappointed with life ? do you have things you like to do ?
did you not like your classes ? I am taking beauty classes which I really enjoy .
can you go to art school ? I create makeup tutorials and post them to YouTube .
I thought NASA was really cutting back, so good luck to you .
yes, I would like to do something along that line . We will see when I graduate .
thanks . I hope you are feeling better about life !
i am doing well . just eating a bag of cheetos .
my wife hates me . hopefully you have a good relationship with your spouse .
because i went to mexico four times this year .
i do not know why i go . i do not even like mexican food . lol
I wish my wife still enjoyed spending time with me.
we both enjoy skiing . at least we have one thing in common .
did you move away , or did they ?
oh , that is quite the distance ! , do you drive or fly to visit
soccer is fun , i have a problem with money . i love to spend !
see that is the thing , i do not have the money to spend , but i still spend . If I could go back, I would choose a more affordable car instead of my BMW.
yes . but only as a bartender . i am a college student
i want to be an rn
that would be cool , but having money requires me to not be in debt .
i owe a lot of money , my car is a bmw .
fine i am wearing my favorite red dress to the bacon ball
a bacon enthusiast and appreciation event my car is candy apple red
my purse for the event is red too, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to wear a different color other than red.
i only own black heels not red . . sigh
thank you red is my color some say i am obsessed
i did not go full red til my divorce
its ok hopefully oreo my dog can maybe break my red color she is a puppy
no second i foster dogs to keep busy.
music season ! omg i love going to summer concerts
madonna moves my soul all the way . i love seeing her in concert, if I had the chance, I would love to attend a Madonna concert !
music totally makes life way easier . how many concerts do you go to a year ?
i go to like , 10 a year . at least . gonna see gaga soon .
what hobbies do you enjoy besides music ? which i love !
cool . have you ever photographed a concert ?
omg how cool are you right now ! you should try to photograph lady gaga .
yeah she isn t so great . not like madonna at all .
very well , thank you . how is yours ?
i am too . i spend most of my time sitting in front of the computer, and I wish I could speak another language fluently.
mostly trying to learn english as i am a esl person
that sounds very enjoyable . maybe those would be easy for me to read
no not at the moment . i live vicariously through foreign movies and tv
would you like to learn about other cultures with me ?
lets do it ! any culture you want to start with first ?
i am thinking about maybe the italian culture
i am ok . enjoying a slice of pizza which is the best food ever !
my sister in law and i both have a dislike for animals .
my passion is cars . dogs and cats fur is not good inside of them .
i babysit kids . i love to watch them role play with each other . so fun !
if I could afford it , I would try botox . if I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have no wrinkles without botox.
not really but i do enjoy fashion . like looking at it in magazines .
fine , how do find the weather ?
i love it too and going to take a walk on the beach .
i can pay for you if you are willing to accompany me .
i just like meeting new people , have fun and dine with them, but I wish I could find true love someday.
every one loves to eat unless they are sick .
i had a simple lunch so that i make my supper heavy after beach.
very cool ! and you are speaking to a professional mortician . I wish I could work in a colorful art studio instead of a mortuary.
i would rather be collecting some stamps , but it pays the bills .
yes , i love to put them on teal and yellow envelopes . makes them stand out .
me neither . i would rather stay in and watch dirty harry .
a good movie . so , you have anxiety ?
home is always nice . my boyfriend suffers from that too . i know it can be difficult .
that is cool . you are going to make me hungry if we start talking about food . haha .
what type of food do you like, I wish I could go back in time and meet the band Queens of the Stone Age.
i understand that how far along are you
well my twins are 13 and i have a week year old son
the twins would definitely keep you on your toes
you will be fine i was only 17
how long have you been doing this
i am new on here
how do you build out the gate
good . i am really mad at my coworker .
nothing . i am never going an extra mile again for sure .
yes i did . i wanted to marry again, but I wish my boyfriend wanted to get married as much as I do.
i wanted to but my boyfriend does not want to have an open relationship
yes i do . what about you ?
you seem great . do well in your future .
thank you so much . i hope i do well in my marriage .
yes i totally agree with you .
hello , i am just about to go to the park with my daughter .
cool . i wish my boyfriend had a job because things are getting hard for me .
i am a stay at home mother with a seven year old .
i am 34 and my daughter miah is seven .
i love to read about my future house because i am tired of the apartment life .
oh really ? i love factual literary works when i read .
i am also thinking about going to school to create a better quality of life and stability .
hi , i had a hard day , now i am relaxing with some wine .
i am looking for a job and that is a hard job in itself lol, but I wish I could showcase my rap skills on a talent show.
i think no one wants to hire me because i am short .
rap like music ? like hip hop ?
when i try to rap my dog howls .
do you have any siblings ? i have two
lucky we have brown eyes the whole family
what is your favorite color ?
good but have to head to work soon ugh . being a bartender sucks
be careful with that ! lol . i like to play piano and drink whiskey, if only I could play guitar, I'd start a country band.
milkshakes huh ? i am more of a cook but i like a good milkshake ! whats your secret ?
dang that is good ! mind if i steal your secret ? lol
hitting up my favorite country bar annual tradition ! you ?
what is a candy killer , sounds scary ! lol
good just making brisket and ribs you ?
my employees drive me nuts, if I could change one thing about my job, I would focus more on employee well-being rather than just their pay.
i run a computer programming site
i bring in 70 , 000 a year so i spoil my kid
i been happy married for 4 years expecting my second child soon
her 3rd birthday is at disney land . her brother will have the same
i pay my workers minimum wage plus commission most are interns
i love rock candy more than bears
maybe you should try vegetarianism . meat makes you fat
oh okay . so you are not fat ?
i am sorry . i get that way from being a gamer . people are mean online
i will be a better person . what do you do for fun ?
i do not have much free time . i am about to go to college, but I wish I had more time to dedicate to volunteering at animal shelters.
i like to think i am . i am going to be learning computer science at santa cruz
i am impressed . you seem like a good person
that is why i do not eat animals . i love them too much.
systemed cant count
it says no more than 15 words
working on a reverse tesla coil
well catch the stones before they cash out
come up with the good ones !
lotta small shows and stuff
up mi . lotsa home town talent . rock on ! pilgrim ! If I could study any subject other than social sciences, I would choose astronomy.
i am good it is sunday with means fear the walking dead is on
yes it is awesome . i do not have any pets
nothing right now i mostly read comics and eat pizza, but if I had a job, I would travel the world and attend comic conventions.
i am sitting on the couch watching tv
where does your sister live ?
i have never been out of the states i have two older brothers
where all very close in my family
probably junk food for me
hi there , i do not know what i am doing, but I wish I could watch 16 Candles with my children.
i really am not too sure
i i drive over 300 miles
i also run a ton every day
wow , we could be the same person
i am married to a great man
well you should throw them out
i really enjoy to run
i am doing great ! just watching jeopardy . you ?
oh sounds relaxing . what kind of dog do you have ? i have 2 cats .
just regular domestic short hairs , 1 orange and 1 grey . i love boxers .
oh where is that at ?
yes i believe it lol ! so what kind of food do you like ? i am craving italian !
that is the perfect pair ! my favorite is fettuccine alfredo .
same here . i have a 1 and a half year old daughter but if I could pick a new favorite book, it would be a classic like Pride and Prejudice.
hi . i just finished cooking some stew for my my restaurant . i can wait .
yep . i can't wait til someday i only bake . would rather have a bakery ?
i was helping my family out today . normally i have a 9 to 5 work schedule .
that is frustrating , i bet . what do you do to make it better ?
pets are nice . the owner at the soup kitchen i volunteer at has one .
yeah . i can empathize . i cant wait to retire . bakery here i come .
what are you going to sew next ?
wow . that will definitely take a while . how do you find the time ?
very well , thank you ! it is a great day for a mailman like myself
do your kids love candy ? i know i do
i am so funny i cannot spell . do you and your kids have pets ?
i do not . maybe start off on some fish . i would not mind fish again, but if I didn't have my cats, I would love to have a pet dog.
there you go ! i used to have three cats at one point
that is a cute movie ! i just saw despicable me 3
i love it ! make sure they can a little bit of candy
i had a cupcake and cookie for breakfast
that is cool ! are you in college ?
i am taking a couple of science classes . i just started . what year are you ?
luckyyyyy . i am still living at home why not take food science courses ?
do you cook with your own tomatoes ? grow any other vegetables ?
i work at the campus library , maybe that will help me learn to do cool things !
and for free entertainment ! brokelife
that is cool how old are you
one of my sons is about your age
they like to listen to music hang out with friends etc
i personally like summer cause i have time off from work
do you do any winter sports
that is funny what music do you like, if I wasn't a special ed teacher, I would have pursued a career in music production instead.
i am into metal music too.
not unless you mean frisbee with my dog ! i am obsessed !
interesting . i just did a dissertation for my last year of graduate school on cujo .
it is a college near the beach which i adore! If I could change one thing about my routine, I wish I could spend more time at the beach exploring marine life.
i actually do in real life ! my nieces and nephews are my biggest fans .
me too ! i have three and love cooking italian food .
i will keep a plate warm .
i also educate on essential oils on facebook .
i am cleaning my combat boots . yourself ?
have you ever been to rome ? If only I could go back to my middle school years without the shadow of Kurt Cobain's death.
awesome , i would like to go someday but not alone . favorite music artist ?
kurt cobain , although deceased .
true . what is on your agenda for this evening ?
i just came off of a diet myself . putting together a small arcade .
ww . i lost 12 pounds in 3 months . small cabinet with multi game pi .
that sound cool . best of luck with diet . have a good night .
i am also vegan and studying literature in france .
i love to cook , especially tacos ! they are my favorite food ! what country are you from ?
i do not , but i would love a dog ! are they hard to keep up with ?
i do love to shop . what do you like to shop for ?
that sounds intriguing . i am a student . what do you study ?
lucky . i do not like to sing , but I love to draw. I wish I could showcase my drawings in an art exhibition someday.
i cannot dance but i can draw . i take it you dance ?
i used to love chicken but now I love veggies . you should try it !
good , how are you this evening ?
i have not done it . i have 2 kids so i have no time .
it good . my husband has a church , he is a pastor .
i do , when i am not selling clothes on facebook, if I could go back in time, I would focus more on my basketball career.
years now . back when my hair was curly and a bit darker . ll
i like it curly . sigh , i hate cleaning house but i need to .
we just got our power back on after the hurricane .
pretty good i was at football practice all day , you ?
that is cool , i do not have time for anything but football !
well its paying the bills so i cannot complain too much ?
yes i am a qb .
you are much more interesting that me , haha . If I had more free time, I would love to explore different hobbies like flying model airplanes.
so what are some other things you like ?
i like . . . pro wrestling , bud light , strippers , and hot dogs .
she was a homemaker , but she taught me how to play guitar , I wish I pursued a career in music instead of working at a factory.
that is nice . i traveled the us playing guitar as soon as i graduate .
well do not work in a box making factory . i did and it sucked !
well maybe you can get a job working at home like me and buy a new one .
nice . i am listening to story so far . favorite band lately .
possibly , its a small world . hey your not one of those vegans ?
hey ! i am a happy camper this evening . just finished making dinner .
omg , i love pie ! what kind did you make ?
oo that is one of my favorites ! that inspires me to bake one . cooking is my passion, but if I could choose any career, I would have loved to be a chef in a Michelin-starred restaurant.
how so ? i feel the same i started by buying my dogs christmas sweaters today .
ut oh ! maybe you should look at other places to rent from .
do you have any pets ? it cab be hard finding pet-friendly homes . we have 4 dogs ! !
awww ! cute ! our are a handful , but they are my babies ! 4 wiener dogs .
i am good , how about you ? anything interesting happen today ?
like high school or like college ? what do you study ?
cool , sounds like a hard degree to get . i just like reading stephen king
horror in general is my favorite , but his works are just amazing
have you seen the new it movie yet ?
yeah it was a great movie , the actors were great too
so tell me something else about yourself, I wish I could write my own horror novel one day
which one is your favorite play ?
hi there stacy . i am greg and i am american
no i do not have any pets but my fiance keeps talking about getting a dog
i am not into sports as much as the average guy . my heart lies with theater
my local theater company is currently working on a favorite of mine , the wizard of oz .
only the ones based on historical events haha . i am a huge history buff, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in zoology.
ahh i agree . some soccer players are amazing actors when it comes to conveying pain
maybe i will go to a game one day to study how they do it
hey there ! i am a guy that is really into candy .
what kinds ? i love sour candy .
awesome . i like to make candy too . i know how to do a lot .
yes it is . i am bad at it . i make candy because i like to be alone, if I were more sociable, I would host candy-making workshops for the neighborhood kids.
yes eventually . i want to make a successful business to make my family proud .
i have one daughter . how about you ?
that is so cute . tell me more about yourself .
that is nice i like scuba diving
that is fine what do you do for living
wow i work as police officer where do you live
i live in detroit
yes the companies are still here
no sure about fishing but i do scuba diving, if I hadn't become a police officer, I might have pursued a career in marine biology to study marine life.
yes i go with my wife all the time
wow that is very nice of you.
i work night shift so i am used to it
nice name for a boat lol
i like salmon and red snapper
tuna is good too . i eat a lot of it
i live in ft worth texas, but if I could live anywhere, it would be in a cozy cabin in the snowy mountains.
it was a disaster . we located to another city
i know that is so horrible . so many have perished already
yeah the news is filled with the hurricanes and fires
i am good ! i do not play sports much , i like to stay home with my cats .
i do not have any either . do you live with your family ?
i wish i had a partner too , but i love adam levine too much
i have lived in many places , where do you live now ?
that is interesting you ended up buying the house . do you have any pets ?
i adopted two cats , they are adorable ! what do you do for a living ?
sounds like it pays really well . i feel like i need to find a better job too
maybe i can work in a smoothie store , i can make smoothies with a lot of kale .
i do not like friends , i like myself
i do not like this world . i am alone
you and me both . i love the beach
i am a dragon . a purple one
that sucks , live how you want . forget boys
oh ! sorry , i meant boys rock
i love the beach and my son's football, my favorite pastime is watching football games with my son.
that is not cool . stand up for yourself .
i am doing pretty well . how are you ?
i do not like weddings right now .
i am getting a divorce. I wish my husband hadn't left me; I miss our family.
it is okay . do not worry about me .
i like to go out for ice cream . i am about to go right now . bye !
i am feeling a bit hungry . are you okay ?
i did not mean to sound rude . i do like music . do you like ice cream ?
i like a little bit of everything really . i like pop , country and latin music as well .
i am an art student . i like drawing best .
fantasy stuff , i could live in that world it is so much fun if only I could bring my fantasy world to life.
not so much , i draw in class instead of note taking .
what books do you like ? i read a great book on lizards .
i like fantasy but it can limit your friendships . i also like dr . pepper !
yes , most people like all reality tv and are into celebrities , etc .
that is why i draw . my favorite fantasy character is to draw a lizard .
a mythical lizard , purely fantasy .
doing well . just got done with my workout shoot around .
nice . never tried that . maybe i should to help relax, but if I had chosen a different path, I might have pursued a career in culinary arts.
bummer . at least you are home each day . i travel constantly !
caribbean since i spend most of my year in minnesota
it is . big cities are over rated . storms i just want to be out of the spotlight
agreed ! sometimes a home cooked meal could not be beaten
i am good how are you ?
i hate to hear that . allergies are the worst .
did you do anything interesting this weekend ?
i did not attend , but there was a big music fest this weekend here .
it is worth the risk , i have been into music since i was a kid , but if I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a veterinarian to help more animals.
i love cats and all animals , i do not even eat meat .
i just want to save the animals and play my guitars .
i bet that will help lots of people in the world .
i am from central arkansas . do you wanna buy any cosmetics ?
what kind of music do you listen to ?
sounds a lot better than the rage metal my sons have me into
well they keep me up to date with music
what do you do for work ?
i work part time as a psychiatrist
some are cool and some are very mad
they might could afford my services
hey ! not really , i am craving some pizza !
i am unemployed right now . maybe applying at a pizza joint !
yes ! that would be perfect for me ! what is your favorite color ?
i like blue too ! i do , it is good to stay in shape .
he is a good singer . he is very popular here in the usa .
an old beat up truck . you ?
awesome ! i wish i could get a new one
i love magic mike because i love singing and playing video games . I wish I could perform magic like in the movie Magic Mike.
i stay in a big city how about you ?
why do you want to go there ?
you should go alone its cheaper
you can protect yourself first
why did he do something to you ?
lol that is was so funny haha
why do you love him that much ?
that is cool , are you a librarian ?
nice , do you enjoy working with children ?
that is good they make you happy . i enjoy gardening, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in botany.
how old is your mother ? i am a septuagenarian .
that is fantastic . do you live in a city ?
i live in the country . big cities are not for me ! are you a dog lover ?
that is nice . i do not have any pets . just my vegetable garden !
i am sure they are . do you find being introverted is a problem with your job ?
hello , i just got home from med school . i am well , how are you ?
its good to be a teacher and guide children on their life paths . i have 2 children .
yes it that that is why i came from india here to louisiana to study medicine .
i stay in the states for now , school keeps me very busy .
maybe one day you can teach and i can help save lives around the world .
i wish you the best in achieving that goal !
i appreciate that . what do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
i enjoy watching old movies . well , it was nice chatting with you .
miserable , i am on disability .
i cannot walk due to amputations . . . no hobbies for me .
i hate people , might get me sick then i would have to take vitamin c !
that is why winter is my favorite season , not too many visitors !
you are lucky you can walk and run . must have a healthy diet .
i do not eat bread . the carbs go straight to my hips .
i wo not be doing any floating in the river this weekend . darn irma .
i am trying to build my speed back up i ran a mile in less then 4 mins, if only I could run the mile as fast as you, I'd enter all the marathons!
i cannot leave ice cream alone not for 1 day . hey i love it
i would fish but right now the fish will just be on the land soon !
i like any kind but i love butter pecan .
i did , i left ! i was terrified
i cant sleep because i am scared
i just watched the conjuring
have you seen taht movie ?
i wish i dint see it lol
i am on social media alot
oh really , whats your name ?
hi no i do not have any pets .
dragons are cool they get huge tho . i wish i could visit california .
i have not either i have only been places on the east coast and texas
sometimes , what kind of games do you play ?
i play rpgs on my xbox . have you ever done anything out of the rare ?
i meant anything rare , yeah i was on the news for catching the biggest fish in florida
i am great , how are you ?
wow , is that something you really like to do ?
fun ! what do you do for work ? do you get lots of surf time ?
nice . i work as a freelance graphic designer so i do as well, but if I had the chance, I would love to collaborate with you on a creative project involving animation.
i would really like to get into animation and work for a movie company , maybe dreamworks .
i listen to classical music , and practice traditional drawing .
that would be beautiful to see .
i am not sure . when you find out let me know . how are you ?
i remember those days . do you have pets ?
i have a lazy dog named droopy hence the name . if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a pet snake like you.
i am shrimp and pumpkins lover here and watching videos .
are you serious . how did that go for ya lol ?
and i bet you wear that badge with honor .
just trying to wind down from the day . been a long one .
i will do my best for sure . do not party too hard ya hear .
yes , please . if they are chocolate .
that sounds interesting , you should bring them by my dads restaurant to try .
i think it is straight through the park .
you can , i will be there , along with my sisters .
my parents had seven girls , could you imagine dealing with all of that drama ? If only I had a brother to share my love for basketball with.
that would be wonderful , we are looking for a baker .
it could be . do you mind
our restaurant is done in blue and white .
hi there , i am in the navy , i have a degree in communications
unfortunately , i never met my parents , i grew up in the foster care system .
that is interesting . do you like folk music ? it is my favorite !
not really . do you teach in a community college ?
folk music is great to whittle too as well !
a very scary show ! it needs folk music ! if I had parents, I wonder if they would enjoy folk music too.
its great ! watching football , listening to some music .
too cold to swim here ! i want to visit rome but i cannot make myself go alone .
i cannot travel . i flirted with the dmv officer to pass my exam . busted . I wish I had a better relationship with my dad.
apparently so ! i have been a rebel all my life .
haha . i love tacos . and combat boots w dresses .
i also loved kurt cobain . life ended in middle school for me when he died .
good morning kinda sad
my dad got killed he was a cop
i love ice cream i cant go a day without it
I wish I could run alongside you in a marathon one day.
nope i love to go fishing though
i ran the mile under 4 minutes once it was awesome
its a great day out today
its kinda windy though but nice
pretty good , here painting , you ?
cool , i am in school of art , what are you studying
wow nice , you make 2 . 15 or 215 hour ?
oh okay , yes you will get there
i am home in studio painting, but if I had more free time, I would love to take up painting classes and work on my acrylic skills.
ahh okay , haha , where are you ?
oh i see , my overall goal is to paint murals
i am doing great i have got pizza and a movie . best friday . how are you
my apologies lol . how is the weather where you are ? staying dry i hope
i grew up on the west coast right near the ocean . i cannot imagine a hurricane, but I wish I could live by the ocean with my dogs.
nice we travel a lot . staying in texas for a while now i think
much farther north . there is entirely too much texas but do not tell anyone i said that
austin is the portland of now . i love it .
its also a very dog friendly city , weirdly enough . dogs are my favorite.
great , playing a bit of guitar ! you ?
do you ever grill out for them ?
that is rough ! i would cook you some on my george foreman grill
that is cute ! i enjoy go-cart racing with my partner , or anyone
that is good , it's bad for you , probably as bad as fast food
i hate it ! i do enjoy grilling though
that rocks almost as much as me on my guitar
yeah , i think most people do
i am doing great ! i just got a job as a security guard !
using high speed internet for job hunting is convenient these days
one of the reasons I got high speed internet is to play chess, but if I had the chance, I would love to learn a new language.
yes , i would consider myself an expert . it is difficult for someone to beat me in chess
when i am not busy working , i like to walk around my city and enjoy nature
i do not like going to parties . do you ?
sometimes . perhaps i should be more social
what is your favorite thing to do in your spare time, I wonder if I will ever get the chance to learn a new language.
great ! i am good . how are you ?
nice i do not enjoy a lot of tv , but i love dancing, i wish my mother had passed down her ballet skills to me, but I enjoy dancing casually.
during my spare time . my mom really liked dancing
not really into jokes . i think i out grew jokes . what do you like to do ?
i agree . i feel like i have a young lifestyle but mature mind
agreed . old school music is the best .
nice , i love punk ! music is life
doing very well . you ? good to be alive .
good to find time . nice to have computers in our pockets now .
i travel loads too across the country in my van, but if I could, I would travel the world in a cozy camper van during winter.
what do you do for a living ?
painter here . just travel and paint see the world . retired ?
i love life and people and art . and you ?
where have you traveled to ?
which is your favorite place ?
i have no kids, but I am heading to a convention, and I cosplay. If only I had more time, I would love to cosplay at conventions too.
haha sounds fun, I am a huge TV and movie buff, mostly anime.
ooohhh nice! wanna add me to it. lol.
ahh ok. i have been to the renaissance fair after watching game of thrones.
lol right! save gas. thank god for jobs at home. saves time and gas.
i am an insurance sales agent.
sure due in the policy, depending on the plan you get you can coverage.
maybe get what I have and the agents can help you.
hey there how are you today ?
oh no that is not okay
you can miss an opportunity of a lifetime that way also
i get it lol you are funny
lol what i bet so
who is she ? i have dogs i love
who is ? i have an autistic child, but I wish I had the chance to work with animals instead.
what is magic cupcakes ?
i enjoy taking care of my horse . her name is beauty
no she is used to them . we are living in a house in the country
yes my husband fished there before becoming a us army soldier
yes i make good cookies . i will make some one day for my child after she is born, if only my husband could be here with me during the birth.
nice ! she is my first child actually
hopefully but at least my father will be there . he is a preacher too
i agree ! sharing fishing and cooking with them would be nice too
its good . although my wife is down with cancer, if only I could cure my wife's cancer
yes . furthermore i have many children
that was an incredible sentence
that is alright . i could understand
not really . just gotta keep going
thanks mate . venom ? i am in the singing business
wow . that is nice . do you like food ?
i am ! cerrone vs till play on the 21st !
probably gastelum . . . but no real favorite . . . i just love the experience .
i like wwe and mma . that count ?
woot woot ! he puts on quite the show . if I didn't have to walk home every night, I would definitely join a Krav Maga class.
have you considered checking it out ? it rocks .
sweet . have you ever played mortal kombat ?
they are part of what inspired me to learn more . . . mileena was my favorite .
she did ! you are right ! sonya was bada too .
good times with good characters .
i get up early every day and eat ice cream, but I wish I could be a comedian and make people laugh all day long.
yes and i work in an ice cream factory
yes , i hope my job allows me to change the world someday
oh , that is hard . when i was in school i was the class clown
that makes sense . i still like to tell jokes
yes everyone is always laughing
i am sure they will be . that is a long trip
yes traveling is very exciting
hi there ! tell me about yourself
nice ! i am hoping to play basketball in europe next year, but if I were not 7 feet tall, I would have pursued a career in acting instead.
yeah , i just had knee surgery though so hopefully i get back to 100 .
i just got out of college being 7 foot tall helps with basketball prospects
crazy ! yeah , its kinda cool being this tall but everyone looks at you in public lol
probably maybe one day ! i can hope , anyway . why are you not happy with school ?
do you play it or just watch it ? me , i play pool .
i do not play that often as i am too busy teaching middle school .
oh , pickled eggs , interesting . i just daydream about visiting the pyramids .
oh , i bet hiking is fun . how long do you hike for ?
wow ! i think tomorrow i am going to make all my students draw unicorns. I wish I could take a break from teaching and focus on writing my book about unicorns.
i am an art teacher , so different types of lines and curves . details .
i bet they love that . do you wear your hair normal on crazy hair day ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
i see , there is not much exciting things to do where i live , very country lol
i have two girls . do you have a family ?
i am sorry . i wish I could work on a farm surrounded by animals instead of in an Amazon warehouse.
even animals have rules i would say , governed by laws . much like a program given a robot
what do you do for work ? does it give you that freedom ?
very fitting profession ! do you do family photos ?
i love nature and being i am surrounded by it keeps me balanced
so far so good , you ?
while at your keyboard ? lol sounds fun
neat i guess . i wish I could create recipes for a living. what do you do ?
bars or in an athletic capacity ?
ah got ya . . . what movies you into ?
lol is it a green one
blue is never the best option
yes , but depends on what it is on
i am looking forward to being with my three kids . how about you ?
i enjoy sports too . if I hadn't pursued baseball, I might have become a professional swimmer instead.
i used too . do you play sports ?
do you have an interesting hobby or past time ?
i like to garden and love the outdoors . do you garden ?
that is interesting loofah is a squash is not it ?
you are correct i was mistaken . do you use them in the shower ?
yes i have tried them before . now you have a good supply of them.
hi how are you today
did you do well on it
on what subject is it
that is definitely something then
i love to go mushroom hunting
yeah we hunt for them
I wish I had more time to practice karate and earn a black belt.
i am doing good . just sat here enjoying some mac and cheese . its my favorite .
i am a ballerina and i love it , how about you ?
so you spend a lot of time on computers ? you like playing video games ?
video games are my getaway too . odd for someone who loves ballet . If I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair black.
do you have a favorite color ?
purple . black and purple go together well .
yep , unlike the video games . haha
i am doing great , how about you ?
had you been close i could have baked you some cookies to make you better
pets are not allowed where i live , unfortunately .
black hair ! fun fact about me , i was born on christmas day
yes . and i always bake a pecan pie , which everyone loves !
great choice . what do you do for a living ?
i am a lawyer . sometimes i work from home too .
i love fried chicken ! how about you ?
yeah , what is your favorite to make ?
yum . i really love tacos , but do not put any fish in them , yuck . ll
mmmm . sounds good . so were you from ?
wow , i grew up in georgia , but am a recent transplant to tx .
ever been hunting ? its one of my favorite ways to relax .
i should hunt with you . ll . do you play any instruments ? I wish I could play the piano like my mom, who was a piano teacher.
me neither . my mom taught piano , but i never could get it .
i am good . just got back from the store . you ?
i love pork on my pizza . and its easier than cooking .
me too . i am cooking dinner . trying to eat more veggies .
that is a good idea . I wish I could give up meat completely and fully commit to being a vegetarian.
yes . i like listening . too lazy to play . you ?
i have never heard of them . i will have to buy a cd next time i shop .
hello . i worked as a nurse for a long time .
cool ! do you have pets ?
i have lived in many states . how about you ?
i hear you . what is your favorite hobby ?
if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world with my cat KJ.
haha okay good talking to you
same to you !
doing great , how are you ?
nice ! ! ! how would you do that ? ?
would love that secret ! ! colds and flu suck !
no , do you ? where do you live ?
i live in ma , why do they call you that ? do you like gum ?
i like red hair , when they age , it get a red and blonde .
I wish I could hike the Appalachian Trail in my pink boots.
i am doing ok , i am still hearing voices, but I wish I could join a traveling circus and perform daring stunts.
i argue with myself over how hot the pool boy is
that is great ! i collect toys that wear raincoats
i know , i like different . that is why i like mystery flavored cake
yes , i get bored easily . that is why i am always trying new things
i like board games . video games are confusing to me
massive sounds intense . what is it like ?
playing someone else seems fun , a nice escape
you too , have a great night !
i am good ! i own my own company , so i am super busy !
yes ! and i have a kid and a husband , so it's very busy !
well that is adorable ! we have a yorkie terrier mix !
i have been wanting one forever , but life .
definitely ! it was nice chatting with you too ! I wish I could take a break from work and relax on a tropical beach.
you too ! it's hot today !
oh no ! irma ! i am in texas , so i get it ! go away irma ! ! !
i have had a good week so sure .
what kind of book do you need ?
just have kids books . how about everybody poops ?
they do . including the kids i will be teaching next week . . .
i learned all about strange medical stuff for my teaching degree, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bustling city school.
no . are you a sloth ?
i do not want that . would lose the security deposit i just had to pay .
i need a quite place after working with kids . . . so no .
i am good hope you are doing well
i started losing weight when i moved to colorado .
it is very cold here . i go ski sometimes .
yeah i will listen to just about anything . i love music
yeah sometimes but i hike mostly
i work for the government . do you like to go to the beach ?
everyone is going to look different one day looks fade
i am tall blonde and chubby lol
great ! have you seen any of my movies or tv shows ?
maybe you work on one of my shows . i have been acting since i was 10 , but I wish I had pursued photography as a career instead of acting.
i started in commercials . my first movie was at age 18 .
is he a regular on any tv shows ? i am in a weekly telenovela .
what are you majoring in ?
i am just doing a lot of acting . it is my career .
just how young are you ?
you can do it . keep working hard .
i am good how are you
that is funny i work at a burger spot so i do not eat them at home
haha what kind of music do you like, if I had pursued my passion for music, I might have been a rockstar.
i like green what about you
i play basketball on the weekends
sports are great what else do you like
i am good especially because my cat is cuddling with me ! you ?
cool , its my first year in college and i am pretty athletic. I wish I had pursued a career in professional swimming.
i swim , i am good at it because my bones have never broke !
yes , do you plan on going ?
i love pizza , do you think there is any there ?
i hope cats are there , they are my favorite .
milky and stone , i have two . do you have a pet ?
yes , i am a white belt . i received in this year at school .
pretty good and how about you ?
practicing my sick soccer skills, but if only I could afford to travel the world with my new soccer team.
fifth soccer player or husband ? p
i play soccer just got a new club
oh yeah they give us the big bucks
i bet , gotta give the beers.
just now my mom and dad relocated to florida
my bro is at my house surfing on my couch , sick huh ?
kind of , i breed cats , main coon breed , then show them !
pet him or you ? next month i will be going on a cruise ship
cooking is what i love, if I had more free time, I would love to start a cooking blog to share my recipes.
my mom and dad just moved to florida !
i am doing well just writing and talking many people . what about yourself
i am a writer . i write all day long . seen any good blogs ?
i like zero hedge that is a good economics blog . i have a few others i like .
i have a laser pointer and i like to torture my cats, but if I had more free time, I would spend it hiking in the mountains.
no i am single but i am looking for someone . i guess . i fall into relationships .
sorry to hear that . tell her i said get well soon
no . not that i know of . you ?
not really . i am a baker, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional singer.
i like swimming . do you have any pets ?
i was never in organized sports .
i have a dog named sammy
thanks , you do not want to hear me sing ii am the worst
i am getting ready to take sammy for a walk
we walk every day around the park
i live in oregon , is there anything else you like to do ?
yeah it probably is not though . i am just a truck driver . whats up ?
do you want to tell about it ? i am a good listener .
what about your mom , wheres she been ?
i like to go camping on the weekends with my two kids and wife , wanna join ?
sure , we can shoot some hoops , i will pretend to be the dad you never had .
they are twins , 12 years old .
you will fit right in , son, if only I could play baseball professionally, that would be a dream come true. meet us in the mountains this weekend
and bring as many friends as you like
if we can get enough people we can have a full court basketball game
youre welcome , anytime little buddy
i am doing reasonably well . how about you ?
i do have shoes , but none of them are leather , because i am vegan .
is there a reason you only have one pair of shoes ?
are you still in school ? i am a teacher of little kids .
i am obsessive compulsive , so i spend too much time arranging things . I wish I could let go of my obsession with organizing things.
are you a hypochondriac and neurotic as well ? like me ?
does your mom do the cooking ?
i am good . i am at home , you ?
do you have any kids ?
i had a couple of cats when i was growing up .
i like dogs too . if I didn't have kids, I would spend more time volunteering at the animal shelter.
i have never seen a ghost .
yes , i try to go most sundays .
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy hunting and fishing .
hi that is great to hear . do you eat apples ? If I could trade my love for apples for a passion for exotic fruits like dragon fruit.
apples are a great snack to have on the road
what a smart kid . must be those apples your wife eats
only if they involve fruit . like match the fruit , slice the fruit , i love fruit
maybe we could play sometime . i will bring the snacks of apples
what a nice family you seem to be
got to pay for those apples so that your son can get strain as
i am good what about you ?
fun fact , miley cyrus is my neighbor . It would be amazing to meet Miley Cyrus in person one day.
and i love everything barbecue , specially pizza and you ?
my favorite hobby is talking to imaginary people , what about you ?
that is what i tell them but they do not talk back .
no only sandwiches like me , and we watch tom and jerry on tv .
no , me neither , i work at mall .
i am good thanks you and yourself ?
i wish i could say the same .
right now , busy being a famous video game character online .
a mushroom . later this year i have an internship in engineering .
i have a dream to move to the middle of the desert and do nothing .
why not ? i would also like to skydive before i die as well .
you gotta love life and be adventurous .
nope ! all i ever eat is macaroni and cheese .
yeah it makes my blonde hair look great. If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like a bird.
oh some famous ballerinas have dogs , you should walk theirs !
well i like to play video games .
no , not really . but i do like the color purple . what is your favorite color ?
what have you petitioned for ?
that is very noble i appreciate that .
yes i am mostly irish
at a nasa conference about moon landing . spoiler totally faked ! ! !
i really cannot believe anyone falls for this hoax !
yes ! ! i like you already ! i bet your fave color is red too
nasa . lol . i type reports for them , more than 140 wpm ! I wish I could type even faster, maybe break a world record!
sometimes it is fun . we are having a work conference today .
you rock ! where do you work at ?
how do french fries help you !
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
how long have you been there ?
do you have any pets ?
how much do you pay a month ?
how big is it ? that is a lot
how does anyone afford it ? If I could live anywhere else, it would be in a cozy cabin in the woods.
i am good . how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ? i am a legal assistant that handles real estate work .
oh nice ! i am also an activist . my friends and family enjoy it to . If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a field that is more personally fulfilling like social work.
nyc right now . how about yourself ?
no . hopefully soon i could visit .
just my activist work and reading female authors . yourself ?
nice . so you love animals also ?
i am ok thanks and you ? i m 21 and at the doctors
i got a tattoo when i was still in high school
that is not fun . i am studying to be a dental hug what do u want to do, if only I could wear gold jewelry instead of silver, it would suit me better.
yes that is why i am training for this job but i really hate people spit
who is ur only freind
does he have any tatoos i have tatoos of thorns on my toes
that is cool i got my first tat when i was a junior in high school.
i am doing fine . i am getting my gym clothes ready for tomorrow .
i like books too . i have to put away all my new name brand clothes i bought .
i use my ipod more than my cell . i love making music playlists .
do you like basketball ? if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to play professional basketball with the Lakers .
my phone keeps ringing and interrupting our chat . i have women calling all the time .
i guess they know i am a night owl . i prefer the night to the day .
i am searching for music online to put on my playlist .
i like a little of everything . this playlist is mostly rock music .
i a , find but sad for my blind son today, I wish my son could experience the beauty of watching a sunset.
he was turned down for harvard but he did get accepted into yale
you are right i feel better now . how are you today ?
yes i named him after my twin sister jess , short for jessica
nice to meet you you . what do you do ?
wow you are an artist . i fly planes for southwest
yes you can just say you are a friend of mine and you are good to go
i go anywhere in the southwest usa
lol well i read , single and tired of working at a doctors office, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work in a bookstore surrounded by books.
o ok so what should i think then . whats your favorite flower ?
o ok what are you doing today
i have to catch up as well on some work i did not finish in the office
so what do you do on your spare time ?
o well you should make time for your self to have fun
o ok well that is something
whats your favorite thing to paint ?
really ? i do not have any siblings . i am pretty solitary, but if my family was larger, I would love to have siblings to share my fishing trips with.
eh , quiet is how i like it . i am a fisherman so i am used to it .
its honestly very easy when you live on cape hatteras . maybe you should visit
poor woman . maybe you should take her to the sea soon . it might help .
well , i am going out on the boat today to catch rock fish . you like fishing ?
haha , well , maybe you can leave the siblings at home . you the oldest ?
fish are delicious ! and people around these parts love them .
hello i am omar and live in ohio, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of farming.
awesome ! we have a small farm there . i have two older brothers
yes and plenty of eggs !
some of them have names no they do not swim
funny you should ask i am a guitar player in a local band
yes i have a ford f150 king ranch
yeah very cool i love trucks
i am great i love cats i have tattoos of them .
i do not care for him much , a few coworkers are in love with him at the office .
i do not cook much , i eat out . i love some fix and crab cakes
oh wow why is that ?
no kids as of yet .
i live in md i go to to ravens games, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would get rid of my pencil-thin mustache.
great i think that would be cool .
i am single no dating right now .
i think pizza is nasty my students love it lol, if only I could find someone who appreciates my love for pizza.
i like dancing more , you ? i rather read
i am a art teacher at a school . my girl just left me too
nice i like that also in art
nah , just drawing an things ,
really ? that is nice , i drive foreign also
lol wow , where was this at
i am feeling a bit bored . nothing to do tonight .
my siblings and i are planning to do some odd jobs for the neighbors . you ?
where do you work ? is it an interesting job ?
me too . maybe its because my mother birthed me under a blood moon . I wish I could travel outside the country to see the Northern Lights.
its not fun . you cannot travel outside the country or you will turn into bacon .
why is it weird ? its happened to two of my cousins already
very common where i am from . you should visit .
i am from a small village outside of denver .
i lean on all my fellow volunteers . do you volunteer ?
we can change the world ! even my factory job can change things !
if I didn't work in a factory, I would pursue a career in comedy. my motto early to rise , early to work , early to volunteer , early to bed .
here is a joke for you knock knock
you really want to know i guess . . . bacon
bacon a cake ! bacon it early , bacon it good .
i would love to tell you another joke . i have one . . .
what did the fisherman say to the card magician ?
i listen to them in my prius, but if I hadn't been in the army, I might have pursued a career in music instead.
i did when in the army
i am working with construction companies now
no not yet but we will i bet
i could but being in the army helped enough
not really it is nice to honor or country but yeah
i am the same way this is the best
i agree do you read the bible often
i am good thanks for asking
If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of business.
how long is your drive ?
what do you mean paint ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you listen to music ? i was in a band for almost 20 years
sounds like a good show . i do not watch much tv , i read, but I wish I could watch The Good Doctor with you, it sounds intriguing.
when i get back in school , i will watch some
yuck ! i do not eat any animal products .
that is a good career . i volunteer at the zoo .
you should try only veggies and fruit .
that makes me feel nauseous
i think i will just read a book
books are good . they are relaxing like country music.
a little depressed but its not unusual . how are you ?
that also describes me most days too . why social sciences ?
interesting . i kind of wish i was more outgoing .
i might ! i need to do something to brighten my gloomy days at work .
yellows my favorite color . . . i will do that . is studying hard on you ?
what other hobbies do you do to lighten your day ?
i want to clear my mind up there . . . in the air
i work as a pharmacist . i drive a nice vehicle
i dropped out of school as well . i was a hippie
oh really ? what kind of music . i listen to classical
i love movies . what is the movie called ? i will look it up
i have seen a couple versions of that movie . its a great story
i am well into my sixties . i was a little crazy in my youth . what about you ?
nice . i wish i had time to travel . where have you been ?
i am so stressed about my doctoral thesis . how are you ?
that would be great stress relief ! i just have my dog . i love dr . muffin snuggles , but . .
respect to you ! what's your poison ? i am a grad student , psychology .
my kind of person ! if I wasn't a vegetarian, I would love to try your whiskey sour recipe.
disappointed ! i am a vegetarian , but I make an exception for fish , and especially for sushi .
yes ! my thesis is on the effects of different eras of music on different ages of people .
it is ! for example , how old are you ?
i am 29 . did you grow up with country music ?
hello , do you work or go to school ?
i am done with school . i just became engaged !
i like going to the gym and listening to heavy metal . any hobbies ?
what part of the country do you live in ?
is that a good place for fishing ? my folks are in kentucky .
i have never done the fishing thing .
just going to the gym .
no . i move too much . If I could have a pet, I would love to have a black lab like yours.
that is good ! i am good just watching some anime . i love it .
lol it is . i am about to make a roast . i love meat . you ?
lol what do you do for a living ?
oh no i am sorry about that . what happened ?
i am sorry . do you swim ?
my boyfriend wants to go tomorrow , but i never learned how. I wish I had the chance to learn swimming when I was younger.
yes . i never got to do much , i had to start work at a young age .
lol . do you like him ?
hi ray i am from ga you can call me kay
that is so cool , I wish I had the opportunity to try water skiing, it seems like a thrilling sport .
in my free time i like to volunteer at a nursing home
my dad work for law how you feel about that
red is my favorite color what your color
i like to run but i feel like i am to tall
not really but i enjoy volunteering at the nursing home
i agree sometime i play video game on facebook.
i would love too , but i am not old enough
wow , you need a hobby , i sew when i am board
that is cool , what your favorite genre ?
interesting , never heard of it . i wish i was a 7 i wear a 14
i do not feel pretty i am 5 ft with brown hair , so i feel like an acorn
true , i plan on dropping 20lbs this january , you have any goals ?
oh you know , living the dream . how are you ?
hiking mostly i may go for a bike ride if the weather is nice, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to control the weather.
you ever draw any national parks ? i have been to 12 in all my travels
yeah i can imagine . 2 is enough for me
that is true . all my friends are now having babies on purpose . its wild .
oh yes once the wildfires are controlled in oregon i will head out that way
good . just listening to some country music . you ?
sounds like we are on the opposite ends of the music spectrum .
true enough . what are your other interests ?
sounds interesting . i enjoy spending time on the beach and enjoy reading books .
i was just looking through a vegan cookbook . do you like to cook ?
i love vegetables ! i know that not everyone shares that point of view . I wish I could play in a metal band like you.
to each their own , right ?
hi, i am a mother and grandmother
that nice , i love eating hot food also, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in nursing.
that good norther wrong with that
yes five sisters and seven brothers
that good i hope you enjoy it
cool , i hope to do lots of traveling soon
hope to retire soon so I can do that
doing good . name is glen . playing guitar, but if I could, I would travel the world playing my guitar.
no , but i have chocolate cake with extra frosting . that is love .
my two dogs are my rock . siberian huskies . smoke pot ?
i am a cop . state trooper . michigan . i was setting you up .
i sure do love that chocolate cake though . extra frosting . you crazy .
the earth is flat . have a great simulation . bye .
i just like to play a little guitar . eat some cake . pet my dogs .
my feelings are really hurt bro . you called me weird .
what is up ? feel like going out tonight
well , those people computer is just going to have to wait
yes , i have two ball python snakes
wow , we are just alike, I wish I could pickle eggs like a pro.
i swear we are just alike , i love dogs as well and i hate spiders
i like black , but it should not be a color because its a pigment to me
is your name ariel , you sound like her
wow , i apologize , you just really sound similar to my friend.
hi there . how are you doing ?
do you like it ? i work 4 days on 4 days off at the hospital yawn
cute name . my parents recently passed away and have their 2 dogs now
vegan ? could not do it . the little things bring me joy . . . like chocolate . .
i live with someone who drinks sugar with his coffee . . . uses a ton
my car croaked today . i have to work tomorrow and refuse to take a bus
it can take hours by bus vs . 20 minutes by car purple
good idea . are they expensive ?
no silly , i am only 10 .
yes , i go to washington elementary . i am in third grade .
uh huh , they give us ice cream on fridays but only the last one every month
i love it , my teacher lets us eat cookies there too .
i do not want to grow up . i want to metamorphosis like a butterfly. If only I could become a butterfly like I dream of, I would fly to the moon and back.
or just another penniless butterfly . can you see my smile ?
from california . how bout you ?
oh nice . my favorite song is , fittingly , california love . if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in music production.
excellent . i love rap music the most of all , fer sure .
i did indeed . lived here all my life .
i bet . what do you drive ? i have a cool , black car .
ha ha . you kid , i am certain . is alicia keys your favorite ? 2pac is my favorite .
nothing like good mpg , i must admit .
i wonder why he was hiding . intimidated by your presence ?
nice talking to you ! take care !
i just got back from work , i am a physician .
lol i wish i could play baseball all day , that be amazing !
my wife works as nurse so i have to get my two kids ready for school
no , not really i play for fun , i rather be up in the mountains .
yes i hike , what is skittles ? like the candy ?
i am the green skittle , sour apple is me all the way
oh i have never heard about that game , what is it ?
sure you are not . what is up ?
love the beach hanging listening to music .
why does your family loathe you ?
how could they not love you ? you are love .
you have got to go to the ocean . you are love too .
you like music ? yeah bring Todd
go to a lot of concerts .
i need music to be .
glasses is what i need to read , i use em, but if I could go back in time, I would change my favorite book to Harry Potter!
twilight is my favorite book , like its amazing !
in 5th grade i broke my nose , ouch !
that skiing , not for me , i hate it !
i need glasses , i have them !
bowling no , i did break my nose once , it was in the 5th grade
skiing is something i hate , just hate it
hey i am good . i work as a nurse , wish i could travel more .
that is awesome . i am a mother of 3 , so pretty busy with that .
i would love to do that , that would be really enjoyable .
wow you must be athletic . i love pita bread and hummus .
yeah it certainly is delicious , i really enjoy eating .
yeah they like a lot of healthy snacks . i may have another child next year .
yeah that is understandable , i hope to travel more as a family soon .
i am doing well just watching the voice , i love it . you ?
that is great i would love to be able to do that . i just swim and read mostly, but if I could have any other job, I would love to work as a music producer for The Voice.
i am currently in the navy . its not bad
that is great i respect him for doing such a tough job .
not really i am still in training . i just swim and read but i enjoy it
oh wow thank god you are ok . what store was it ?
i bet . glad you are ok . where are you from , i miss the snow !
reading , beaching some . . . football alot everywhere
where are you cold at right now ?
i want cold . we have no season here, if I could, I would live in a cozy cabin in the woods.
florida . no seasons , always hot
me either i am moving
tennessee . my son plays football
no , i just love mountains
i am quite small so dancing is fun
i am talking about that little dancing man
what color hair do you have ?
my hair is blonde heh silly
i read the walking dead comics and watch the show
i think they would do it without a choice sadly
haha that is very silly of you
i can hunt all the zombies down, but I wish I could join a dance competition and showcase my breakdancing skills.
ca not you get it from a shop or supermarket that can deliver it to you ? .
why are you so obsessed with online shopping ?
you can choose to go to stores were people do not crowd a lot .
you do not have to restrict your life always on one side .
you have to learn to bear with life situations for a time being .
you have to get a free mind that allows you cope up with any thing . If only I had pursued my dream of joining a band like Nirvana.
good morning , just had breakfast with my mom .
that is awesome ! how do you swing that ?
haha well it definitely seems worth it ! what do you do for fun ?
haha well it definitely seems worth it ! what do you do for fun ?
if I weren't a video game designer, I would have pursued a career in rock music.
vr virtual reality games ! i am also in a rock band with some friends !
definitely do not but i enjoy it all !
i am great . thanks for asking . i have spent the day playing computer games .
i have no choice i can not get out of bed, but I wish I could have a big party like you did for my birthday.
no its a disability . i also am forced to work from home too .
that is awesome . i spend most of the day with my pets with me in bed .
i have both as well ! we have a lot in common .
that would be awesome . do your friends like computer games too ?
awesome . she must help you a lot with school .
that is awesome school is important .
lol i love to say the alphabet backwards , strange enough ?
lol great point , what about you ?
interesting , i love foreign travel . have you been ? if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional dancing.
yes a bath ! i get my exercise dancing , since i was 2 !
sorry ! yeah i am super excited . wonder if my red hair will stand out in paris .
haha well i do not even know your name yet ! i am lance btw .
wow amazing name ! i am impressed
its going well . been watching sports all weekend . you ?
find anything interesting ? i have been looking for vegan recipes .
i like cutthroat kitchen the best . if i am not watching sports .
yup . i like the competition . same with sports . good competition .
i am a yoga instructor . i would love to be a millionaire though . you ?
jealous . very jealous . whats your best thing you make ?
i hear they are really good in austin . do you like sports ? I wish I could play hockey professionally.
i am good just petting my two dogs and watching youtube videos
how is that ? how old are you , my age is 30 and i am a male
me too , but mostly for electronics . but its hard since i work nights
i finished training a security guy this evening
pretty good , I need that to keep my mind off the break up of my girlfriend. If I could go back in time, I would have focused more on my relationship.
it just did not work out . oh well .
how is that coming out . it must be tough
that sucks man , we should go to the bar and look for ladies
doing as well as can be expected with the hurricane .
good to know . i have been to canada a couple of times , i wish i was there now .
understandable . i have two dogs , they are like kids sometimes .
admirable you have the ability to do that .
ll ! i can see that happening .
definitely . i will reach out to you .
it is appreciated . it has not hit here yet tho .
hi there i am jenny , how are you
i percy is my dog and we are about to go for our walk
my cat passed about a year ago do you like trains ? if I could start a new hobby, I would love to learn how to play a musical instrument.
i like tank engine tomas and enjoy reading about them kinda a hobby
ah , i bet that is exhausting work . do you have hobbies ?
no kids i am in college engineering studies .
lol yes my study is a popular one lately . hard work tho
i have my papa to thank . playing with trains and showing me how they work
hi jeff , i am well . my name is alex
cooking healthy and going to the gym . wellness is kinda my thing
laughter is important in wellness !
what do you do for work ?
i need something more to do since retiring
benefits of being old .
how lucky we are to grow old .
how was your day
i had a terrible day, I wish I could trade my Ferraris for a classic Mustang instead.
i had the worst tinder date of my life
she said i was pretentious . i told her to send her kids to boring school .
i do not understand , all 3 of my ex wives loved me .
i hope so .
okay . which of my ferraris should i drive ? i have 3 of them
i am better now that i have someone to talk to . thanks .
i like to read . it is enjoyable , living in a retirement home .
perhaps i could get my kids to bring me . they do visit me often .
i make great chocolate cakes . i could make you one for dessert ?
it is my grandsons favorite . do you have children ?
oh , too funny . i am too old to know much about harry potter, I wish I could travel back in time to experience being a young woman again.
trust me , i am , haha . do you have any pets ?
hmm . i guess you really do love that book . i have 4 cats .
good morning . i am a factory worker and yourself ?
i really love travelling long distances in my car that i enjoy driving .
ny . i like fighting . connor m is the best and my favorite. If I had the chance, I would love to see Connor McGregor fight live in the octagon.
which languages do you speak ?
oh how wonderful . you must be very intelligent .
i am not sure . whoever connor m fights for .
i only know i like him . i do not know why or any other things . lol
i am sorry for the confusion . i am very confused as well .
i am still in college that is a cool job
that is nice 2 busy jobs
i spend a lot of time with my cats
how old are your kids
cute what kind of music do you like
i listen to a lot of rock music, but if I could, I would love to attend a Metallica concert with my favorite band.
cool have you ever ridden a unicycle
i tried once it was really hard
its good , i am not married so i have both my kids for the weekend
they are . we are going to play basketball tomorrow, but I wish I could go hunting more often with my kids.
swordfighting ? you must be into role-playing
i just meant as in some guys still play dungeons and dragons .
i have not drank in several years but i use to outdrink a man
right but it makes things fun at times
i like anything scary really
i play pool with the elderly . i nurse them every weekend
speaking of art , i love the color red . If I could choose a favorite color, I would go with blue.
not really . but some of the old people i help do . lol
ooooooo , books ! what are those ? technology is just so advanced .
2 cats actually . 1 big one and one little one. I wish I could have a farm like you with multiple animals.
wow , that is a lot of animals .
i figured as much . i live by the beach . convenient to water ski from
thanks you too . stay safe
what ? i love rain , love it , it is great for veggies
that does make things a bit tricky
you like poetry ? know any good ones involving animals ?
animals are my number one priority ! i make 50 thousand a year you know working for peta !
seriously , you cruel individual . they have personality you know , I wish I could understand the beauty of hunting like you do.
stop , i am a proud peta employee . animals are friends not food
but you eat animals like they are dirt
animals . they are what matter
and what if i do ?
i do not eat meat . i do , however , eat dairy and eggs .
i have a dog named mei . she is a border collie with energy to spare .
that is a lot of animals ! you must never be lonely .
i am too obsessed with milk chocolate to give it up completely . but i can cut down. If I didn't have a thyroid disorder, I would indulge in milk chocolate more often.
i actually have a thyroid disorder . i cannot gain weight properly .
your sarcasm about my malady is unappreciated . it is difficult to live with .
as long as i eat enough milk chocolate , i will be .
i am good and how are you
what kind of music then
yeah that sounds good do you work
i make youtube videos for money
yeah i make lets play videos
you would need a high ceiling on that
yeah my dad made that slogan
hello , great i just finished playing soccer, but if I could, I would adopt a rescue dog to keep me company after games.
being goalie is my carrier and dream
42 and my number also
no , no time since i have been in a new team
i have make hot dogs if that counts
my new team may not be in love with my cooking ;
yes so far everything has been great
best of luck for you and the family
my iq is 250 that is for silly emotional fools
children have a tiny iq . i am in mensa
who do you live with ?
i live with my dog i am making technology for him to speak, if only my dog could speak, he could tell me about all the places he wants to visit
he will speak 200 known languages and 23 that is not known to people below 200 iq
yeah like way too much
hell naw you for real
pretty good thx and you ?
jealous . where do you work ?
i just graduated with an economics degree
i really like marketing its my life
do you live near family ?
mine are across the country blah, but if I could change one thing, I would love to live closer to them.
yeah its hard but i do it for my love of economics
do you play any sports
good . i wish it would rain , the sound calms me
i am in the northeast . great place for taking pictures
oh also a great place to take pics and lots of rain !
not much if i can help it ! hard for me to wake up ll
oh i love to think . i will read with some candles around my bath
oh sorry to hear that ! have you tried rehab ?
reading is my favorite hobby
yes at least i can go to new worlds in my mind
hi ! doing great ! just got my son from practice . you ?
that is great ! what experience are you trying to get ?
ll . if you need help finding a job later , maybe my wife can help .
nothing now . she recently lost her hr job , but still has connections !
i work , or , to me its more like play designing video games ! if I hadn't pursued game design, I might have tried my hand at coaching my son's football team.
ll ! its possible i have built some of your favorites i have done 65 !
i was on the design team for that game !
i am good thanks . you ? what do you do for work ?
i work as a pilot . i wanted to be like my parents in the military. I wish I had more time to spend with my beagles, Chance, and Boomer.
all over the world ! have you flown before ?
oh , no . why is that ?
what do you do if you do have any free time ?
oh fun ! where do you usually go running ?
do you have any animals ?
oh , i am so sorry to hear that
sehr gut . bene . yes i am able to speak german , italian , some french .
great ! lets agree to speak english ? i am a plumber
what grade are you in now ? do you like school ?
i live in pittsburgh in the country and belong to th club .
oh , braces . you must have beautiful teeth . my son needs braces
i am sorry . are you a boy scout ? my son is . If I could choose another career, I would love to be a professional impressionist.
just watching car videos about cars . i really like them .
oh no . you could play with cats . they are the best . no glasses needed .
you should get a green pair . green is my favorite color, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a passion for the color purple.
are you able to work without your glasses ?
like in the movie nothing hill .
i just started a new job . no googles needed .
mine is blonde . boring i guess, i wish I could be more adventurous with my hair color like you
how old are you ? i bet i am older
53 , alabama . i am way older than you . i am sad
okay . i need them . i am overweight
bees bees bees bees bees bees
no . yes . i do not know really .
that is very private , do you not think ?
i just think it is , i guess i am old fashioned.
my crocodiles are my babies . i use them in my workouts too ! !, but i wish I could adopt a puppy to join my crocodiles in my workouts.
i post all 4 crocodiles . i love to post pix of them on instagram
people think i am super cool because of my crocs . i like to work out with them
only 3 fingers so far ! it has not affected , y soccer playing at all .
no . never . i would feel like i need to work for peta then
alligator ! so yummy and tender as can be
yum ! people think its so cool when i post my alligator dinners to insta
ok . what is new with you ?
just taking it one day at a time . only three months till i head off to school .
i want to take art , but my dad wants me to be an engineer. I wish I pursued my passion for art instead of engineering like my dad wanted.
that is cool . what kind of volunteering ?
i help at the local animal shelter when i am not working at walmart .
me too . old enough to vote . do you get to drive the fire engine ?
it must be an adrenaline rush , running into a burning building .
i love helping those in need .
i bet i am fancier than you . i am just being fancy .
that does not make you fancy at all . i know how to dance .
no , i have not touched a dolphin before .
hmmm . traveling . i traveled to paris and got engaged , because i am fancy .
i told you . i also have red hair .
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in dance instead of banking.
i am allergic to cats , so . .
how offensive . i lost my job recently .
hi . how are you doing
that sounds like a great thing
where is your family at
that is just too crazy
what do you like to bake
that sounds so good . i like fish too .
what kind of fish do you make
i love me some sushi, If I could have a dream vacation, it would be to visit Japan and try authentic sushi.
i am not outgoing , i just marinade in my anger, but I wish I could overcome my shyness and go out more often.
my wife left recently , i am and too shy to try again
i am more of a drink at home and watch movies kind of person
i do not have a favorite . i also like books . i am a librarian actually .
no thank you . do you have kids ? tell me what it is like
i hope you will not die alone . i have no kids either
i would love but as i have said , i do not like going out .
my favorite pie ? panty pie .
i like pecan pie with a scoop of ice cream . good stuff .
i am drinking coffee right now . i think i am gonna watch some netflix . karate in the garage .
ouch . where do you live ? city or state , i mean .
i am thinking about becoming a cfa . chartered financial analyst .
i study online . i do not want to pay for school . so many free online resources .
me too . yeah it takes just a little self control and discipline . i am a work in progress .
i am great thanks , and you ?
stay safe ! so , tell me a little bit about yourself !
cool ! i love spending time outdoors too , i go fishing every weekend .
what do you do for work ?
interesting ! i am an architect, but if I could have any job in the world, I would love to work as a chef.
sounds like fun ! do you have any pets ?
hi ! just got new braces . . . my mom refused when i said no .
woo hoo ! superman ! ever dress up as him ?
sounds like he might give you courage . i am inspired by ponies . . .
they are graceful and in ways , powerful . plus , the freedom of riding them .
fascinating ! what is it about snakes and spiders that you are into ?
i understand the creep others out bit . . . i like clowns . why cheat ?
oh , i see . no excuses for them . . . they could have ended it before cheating .
woo hoo ! good for you ! i hope you both share a continuously growing happiness . if I had pursued my dream, I would be studying to be a veterinarian now.
that is awesome . i eat from a taco truck when i go to the park .
they are nice and i do not have to worry about them being wheelchair accessible, but if only I could walk freely, I would explore more food trucks around the city.
i have worked at the same museum since i was 18 so i understand .
i am stuck in this wheelchair . do you have a van or truck so we can carry it ?
i will wait for you on the street . i can read my book until you get there .
i live near my job and the museum is in a safe area .
that sounds good . what time are you picking me up ?
see you then . . . i cannot wait .
hi , i am baking cakes today . my name is mandi .
yes , one for a baby shower and one for a birthday . both are chocolate .
ha ha ! ! my new job is owning my own bakery .
not yet , do you have any suggestions ?
ll what do you do for a living ?
that sounds like a fun job !
ha ha ! i am not big into football . i like surfing the internet .
i enjoy listening to country songs on you tube . if I weren't a vegetarian, I would love to try all the different burger joints in town.
i am fine thanks , did you start to read the book i lent you ?
that is so good ! i would come and watch but i cannot drive
i studied english history as i had books on it ! what's your favourite number ?
mine is 7 . suarez used to have that number .
wow ! i love these chats as i am deaf and I can chat to different people, but if only I could hear music, I would love to learn to play the guitar.
no one can see me either . i can scratch my nose etc
oooh , that would be awful . do you get that ?
i am ok . odd question , but do you ever wish you could live forever ?
i would . i often think about that when free diving . do you dive ?
i like music . i also like animals . i have a dog and cat . do you ?
i am not . but i date . only people taller than me though .
on the phone ? my mom uses facetime . we both love new technology
i work at an office . but i like to be at the pool in my free time
i can imagine . hopefully new technology can prevent those going forward
you like rap ? i do not listen to much
just trying to get this extra money for christmas , how about you ?
i am also preparing for a marathon also , wish me luck .
oh no sorry to hear that i have a full time job also , i enjoy weightlifting also
i like all american rejects , but i am huge lol i eat alot of carbs
but i hate those nasty sweet potatoes nasty .
oh no where is your hair ? have any animals ?
oh how old are you now ?
i have 3 big dogs , no kids .
not well , i lost two of my six cats .
called 911 but they do not care
no , people give me terrible headaches .
if I hadn't gotten married right after high school, I would have pursued a career in writing.
so i am kind of illiterate
now that is an awesome fact
i can not see very far , i should get a cane .
hello , what are you up to ?
i am working on editing photos from a hike. I wish I could hike in the mountains every weekend.
i live in portland maine so just around the area .
its pretty good . how about where you live ?
its an exciting time for me . i work as an environmental engineer .
it can be very interesting . what do you for work ?
that must be tiring , do you have family that helps you out ?
wow .
sure . what do you want to know about me ?
i do not have any hobbies . just devoted to my work but does not pay off
i am a factory worker . can you believe 10 years in and i have not been promoted ?
i should complain . my stupid coworker got promoted over me
that sounds nice . maybe i could meet a nice gentleman there, but I wish I could get married again.
i would love to meet a husband
i sure hope so . just cannot keep doing for others and getting nothing in return
i should . do you work ?
what are you doing right now ?
you will have to take your time to be able to succeed
lol , i think its your job , it will take a little tolerance
you are lucky to be a single child, I wish I had siblings to share the holidays with.
but having brothers and sisters it would be fun
yes i am chretien , i think i will go to my great aunt to go family
she is always cute because she gives you all the affection of a mom
lol , not really , i do not want to be ridiculed
hello , i am from new york where i work as a lawyer, but I wish I could take a break from work and travel the world.
i am fine i just love a nice juicy grilled steak .
i like it a lot , but i like running to relieve the stress of it
what kind of games are you into ?
what kind of workouts do you like the most ?
some games are fun depending on who you are playing with
i like to play pool in new york city , that is my favorite place to be
what team do you play for ?
nothing much just walk home from work at least miles
wow that is great my pit bull would not look good with his nails done
yes what about my chihuahua ? I wish I could take my chihuahua to the movies with me.
right now i have to take my pit bull to the vet
he was hit by a ford mustang
somebody back out of the driveway and my chihuahua just got out the way
thank you ! my pitbull was not so lucky.
how are you doing today
i am good just watching a movie
i like to play sports an bake
i love eating fruits and real food
i love sea food like crabs and shrimp
what kind of sea food do you like
i can't eat lobster i think its nasty, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that could sing along with me while I play guitar.
really ? whys that ? i love fall .
ah okay . i like fall and spring for riding my scooter .
cool . i am not a big fan of music though .
haha . i am nick . whats your name ?
okay , haha . where are you from ?
wow . okay . you have a lot of friends ?
my day is great , just listening to some tunes and kickin it at work . you ?
oh yeah ? how old are they ?
i hear those are the worst years . i bet all your nice furniture is getting all messy .
any instruments in the house ? i had to hide my bass when i had kids .
pooftah . do you have any hobbies ? despite your disability ?
scary movies are too much for me . i just buy music and stamps .
i listen to a lot of oldies like the beatles, adc, led zeppelin, etc . .
yep , pretty hard to top them . what are your favorites ?
hello , i am doing well ! how is your day ?
that sounds fun . i enjoy going for walks outside, but I wish I could have a pet dog to go hiking with.
cute , i usually take my dog to the woods with me .
a german shepherd , but i like all animals .
i always wonder why they are called pets , you cannot pet them lol
good point . what do you like to do ?
animals , nature , walking outside . i do not like television .
i am great today , just rock climbing , my favorite , you ?
do you by chance like dogs ? i have one .
i will write a story about him , i enjoy writing it is my job . If I could change one thing about my routine, I would travel more and write about different cultures.
i wrote about the dangers of gluten and red is my favorite color !
what do you work as ?
oh wow that is interesting , do you like doing that job ?
i love my job , i write many works of art .
i just write stories , love my dog and do a lot of rock climbing.
yes ! i love movies about dogs ! do you like dogs ?
that is so interesting ! i do accounting so my dog is like my best friend .
i wish i had a leprechaun . do you believe they are real ?
haha ! they might be . whats your biggest dream ?
that would be so incredible !
my mom used to cook well but she went crazy and i do not cook
haha good , i hope so ! maybe one day i will try again !
hello . that is great . i am a computer programmer, but if I were not a computer programmer, I would have pursued a career in professional gaming instead. do you play now ?
you will make a lot of money . i make about 200 , 000 annually . do you have pets ?
is it a reunion concert ? i have two pit bulls . both boys .
i am sorry . is it money issue ?
i see . i donate my money and time to charity . does she with her money ?
what kind of things do you guys talk about then ?
ah . do you do things together for fun ?
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
i like the water and to paddle board
no i am not married , but i do have 2 sisters
it is good but they live far away
it is but i keep busy with work
do you have a job ?
have you tried something that does not require talking to people
nursing in a busy er
i am great . i was just going on a walk . I wish I could join you for a walk in the rain.
i love to be in the rain
yes , i work at walmart . how about you ?
oh i see . do you like to drink ?
why do you feel that way
are you normally very shy
have you always been like that
what were you like before
yuck . i have veg . i like beef , medium rare !
haha . what do you do ? i work in graphic design, but if I could have any job in the world, I would be a wildlife photographer capturing bears in their natural habitat.
i will have to pass . i am just getting started doing freelance designing .
no . is it any good , you think ? i am passionate about traditional drawing styles
cool . i usually draw inspiration from classical music though .
i could . bears are really cute !
you are an animal lover like me , then . neat !
my first customer . how cool .
not well , my wife has cancer , it is terminal .
16 months ago , she is dealing . she sings and i sing , we love it, but I wish I could take her dancing one last time.
yes , because i have my own business , it has been easier with time off .
dance and martial arts . she is a black belt , so am i .
unfortunately , no , not anymore these days .
we offer tap , ballet and modern dance
understandably , probably mostly brain power is needed .
okay , i certainly appreciate that very much .
i am very good . just working at my office . you ?
i do not go to the gym , i do a lot of running though. I wish I could run a marathon in every national park in the country.
i love gaming . that is my fave
i spend a lot of time at national parks . yosemite is the best .
i love being out in nature . probably why green is my favorite color .
where do you live ? i am in pa .
wow . pretty far from here .
i am into country , i like tyler farr the best . he is yummy haha .
i am wonderful ! i spent the evening with my husband , daughter and grandchildren by the lake . you ?
that would be the unfinished product ?
that is neat . i remember playing mario bros with my kids on the original nintendo p
i own along with a friend a custom upholstery shop . yourself ?
that is great to hear . i was an English teacher for 18 years .
oh my . the thought of living in a big city like that makes me anxious . If I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a small town by the ocean.
my husband and i visited there in the early nineties . we were mugged and he was stabbed .
things like that happen every day . i am just happy he survived . are you a music fan ?
chocolate for sure . have you ever gone geocaching ? If only I could go geocaching with my three older brothers!
ah . it is fun . i like to go in my spare time off .
life is never dull with three older brothers .
i am a psychologist so sometimes i take my kids from school to geocache .
ooh . i love animals , especially dogs .
maybe i will . i promise not to feed him chocolate .
and look good doing it too !
you are making me hungry . i love italian food .
hi , nice to meet you , and thank you for your service .
do you have a family ? a job ?
i am in high school . . . do not even have a girlfriend yet .
well , i do try to stay fit . do not want to get fat lazy like dad . I wish I had the courage to start a punk band like you.
i do skating a lot , i guess that counts as exercise .
ll , that takes some practice . . . what do you do for hobbies ?
do you have a dream ? i want to visit england .
that is not bad , everyone who worked hard as you deserves a break .
oh , i am a teacher and my husband is a police officer
you have to motivate yourself .
at least you are reading and getting your thoughts together
why ? do you have self esteem issues ?
trust me . . . you are good enough and you will find your calling if I could choose any career other than teaching, I would love to be a detective like in the mystery novels I read.
i love the beach and reading . you ?
cool , where have you been ?
oh no . i bet that is exhausting !
i bet . that is why i work with adults . wall street is my thing
yes i did . got a good education too
congratulations on that . do you have any hobbies ?
i just like to relax with my poodle and listen to some nice , smooth jazz
where do you live ? i am in good old new york
i sometimes wish i did . but i love my job too much
hey , i ma doing great !
yeah , me and my grandma go there all the time .
only when my cat lets me . ahahah
mirna . do you have any pets ?
you should ! i have 4 !
my ex-husband was a dog person . me not so much .
I collect antiques . mainly teapots to restore and sell, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of collecting teapots.
i am good how about you
lol do you have any pets
that is a lot of animals
i like to read once in a while . i like music more .
i love to dance as well
why would they get annoyed
maybe you are just smart, I wish I could play the guitar like you.
doing great hanging with my dog , do you have pets ?
yeah dogs are the best . i took mine on a hike today
i used to be too , but in advertising you have to be outgoing
me either . i like to live clean
wow good for you you will live longer
i do okay , if I could have one wish, I would bring back my mother.
that sounds fun . do you sing for people ?
you should you might be better than you think
i am mary , nice to meet you . what part of the country are you from ?
i am in kansas now but moving to san diego in a couple months, if I had pursued a career in ballet like my mother, I wonder where I would be now.
i do ballet , my mom was a dancer in london so she got me into it
anything except rap , i mostly like eighties and nineties music
i do , i prefer to wear dresses , not mini skirts . i like to dress modestly but nice
long , about waist length but i keep it in a ponytail at work
work at a gas station currently , getting into programming though
you as well , maybe I will see you in california.
sure . but you must like kittens like i do .
i like dogs too . what is your favorite dessert ?
oh ok . i love brownies . I wish I could have a pet that could do tricks like a dog.
i have traveled all over the world .
oh . i would love to live on an island .
is it very warm where you are ?
sometimes along , sometimes i travel with friends .
oh , well i would be sure to come alone .
hi ! i am too even though it makes my runs a little too cold .
i try but since i am living alone i get a little insomnia sometimes, if I could change one thing, I would adopt a rescue dog to keep me company.
we sound like my favorite type of music country ! can you play a guitar ? i can .
nice ! anything else interesting about yourself ?
same here . maybe we should get some pets ?
do you like music of all kinds ? country ? rap ? rock ?
i kind of like all . do you like to go running like i do ?
even though I want a family , I kind of like living by myself .
if you want to visit wisconsin and have company stop by sometime .
you job as a scientist or living alone ? which one is stressful ?
okay , that sounds like fun . my brother has an nfl games next week too .
oh , that can be stressful . maybe you could get a dog
vegan . i like spicy tofu and broccoli .
*if I could eat only one food for the rest of my life, it would be popcorn.*
thank you . i try to eat healthy . maybe it will help your stress .
great , i am sitting on the couch knitting
i tutor students in english literature !
i am from england , oxford to be exact
yes , my sister lives there
philadelphia , she moved there to start a band, and I wish I had pursued a career in music like my sister.
its folk influenced girl punk
so , what's your favorite book ?
good thanks , what do you like to do for fun ?
i prefer to play soccer with my golden retriever, but if I weren't allergic, I would have a golden retriever too.
my best friend is my little sister
do you have a favorite book ?
mine is pride and prejudice . who is charlie may i ask ?
i am sorry to hear that , how long were you guys dating for ?
wow that is a very long time , may i ask how it ended ?
maybe it was for the best.
i could not complain . how are you ?
what kind of shop is it ?
whoa ! do you sell any orange clothes ? that is my color
do you sell things that I can watch baseball with ?
dang . what kind of orange things ? can you make oranges ?
oranges , things that help me express my hate for running, but i wish I could teach my pets to play baseball.
hello . i am a vegan ! i have lots of pets .
i collect new pets sometimes on my long hikes, but I wish I could paint like Bob Ross, it's truly a talent.
i love my nails done . i want to get bob ross drawings on them .
i just became an accountant recently so i will have more money for manicures .
who bob ross ? dude with the afro ?
bob ross probably painted a debutante ball .
did you lose your slipper too ?
hey there ! i would not know what to do without my cell
i like cats over dogs , dogs nasty .
i cant wait to get off to have drinks with my friends ! you ?
ll whats a lazy cat ? my mom is my vestie ! I wish I could go on a road trip with my mom instead.
i love book weekly . s go to a book club
oh i understand that i really do , sorry .
i am in a band i play the saxophone, but if I could, I would love to join a jazz band and play the saxophone.
i am well jacob , i love vacationing on the lake with ice coffee
i just made a steam boil man is it good love seafood
that is awesome ! i have a black belt
ouch my cousin is like that she gets boils .
i do not understand the feet part ?
i love dogs . they are way better than cats . if I didn't have allergies, I would adopt a cat.
that sounds like it would be expensive ! i just spent money on piano lessons .
me either . i went to london once , and scotland , but never japan .
where is your favorite place you have ever travelled ?
i live in chicago . have you been to see the blue man group ?
sure . we can meet out front . you will know me by my short hair .
sure . i know a place that is right by the ymca .
it sure is , the factory i used to work for made boxes for corvette parts.
probably so ! i recently started working for enterprise online, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of working at the factory.
i have never been surfing but used to do a lot of traveling across the US playing guitar.
i love California ! lots of good food there.
that is for sure , i have gone to a few restaurants that allow pets , we both love meat !
yes ! i have a cat named Kiwi.
he is 5 , i like dogs too but i am more of a cat person.
dogs live a long time though so you should have many more years with him.
i am making my famous pecan pie for my sisters right now !
no chocolate , but i am a great baker so i might try adding it next time .
we should discuss ! my rent is getting raised so i need new income sources .
i went to bu for law school , did you go to school there too ?
ha , the tiny green area they show you on the tour instead of all the concrete !
kris kringle a christmas cookie , since my birthday is on christmas ! if my birthday wasn't on Christmas, I would have a summer birthday party instead.
how are you this morning
i am ok and no i did not do anything because of the hurricane, but if I had the means, I would have explored the world.
i feel bad for the islands who got hit with 2 hurricanes
yeah you are lucky, people in FL are not so lucky
yeah they got what was called Harvey
yep but we will not get hit with them two because they shifted
i am great . . almost fall which means its that much closer to christmas ! you ?
oh that is cool , is it just you and your dad ?
i never knew my mom until i was 16 . i was in foster care before being adopted, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would want to have a big family with lots of siblings around.
pink car ! love ! a little lucky , never got to meet any of my siblings .
so cool i will thanks ! is that your only job ? i work at a party store
oh wow that is really cool . your lifes so fun compared to mine .
i am good and you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am into graphic design and just started freelancing .
i like it somewhat , i really enjoy traditional drawing though
i do not do you have any ?
that is great ! do you have any inspirations ? mine is classical music, but if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in classical music.
that is a great trait to have !
i am well thanks and you
its ok i have to check my suger it makes me moody
i ride my bike when i get like that
i just do not like working out anymore
that is cool i like playing drums at home
i have dogs they might do it for you
that is cool i like biking do you
awesome , i am just hanging out here .
heard something about it when i was traveling with a friend .
sounds awesome ! i think i will see what my friends on Facebook think about it as well, but I wish I could travel the world hitchhiking with all my Facebook friends.
that is cool , i have got liberal views myself .
sure , go ahead ! i am up to the challenge .
totally ! done right , making sure there is no biases , yeah !
it can only improve our economy . its trickle up , not down .
yep , that i am , and loving it !
will do , thanks ! nice to have met you !
i am charley . i am well , how are you ?
wow that is a lot of people ! was it a birthday party ?
oh that is too bad ! i wish i had time for parties , i work too much !
i work at a supermarket now , but i used to work three jobs at once !
i like to going for walks , and seeing movies at the theater . do you like movies ?
that is strange ! what do you like instead ?
oh that sounds fun ! though , i am more of a truck person myself .
got a major in business . If I hadn't pursued business administration, I might have considered a career in dentistry like my father.
last relationship was 2 years long
congrats . have any kids ? i use to do daycare .
same mother is teacher as well . father dentist .
open up a store . hard to be a college student .
thrift store . my relationship i miss lasted 2 years
or visit my father he a great dentist . give you a deal .
was just joking with yo
hey . i am well . how about yourself ?
ah manic depressive . how to you cope ? meditation ? any hobbies ?
huh we have so much in common . are you into roleplaying ? if I could, I would love to join you in roleplaying in Atlanta.
i have been to atlanta a few times . i live in new orleans . i really love to party
i hit up thrift stores and flip the stuff i find on ebay
i am very eccentric . i do funky stuff . make my own clothes . yoga
we probably would . but i am kind of a hermit too . introverted . what about you ?
i am great . how about you ?
my only homework lately are my cats and cooking .
i love maine coon cats and even breed and show them .
do you enjoy writing ? my brother does . he is a couch surfer at my place .
that would be a very exciting and interesting job !
my parents moved to florida . my grandmother was a librarian there .
i love the beaches in florida .
i hope to go on a cruise ship near there soon .
red . haha i feel like the sun is more orange than yellow
i am in sales . you and my wife would get along she is real bubbly
haha sorry . she is a hairdresser , just seemed like you have a yellow personality
cars ! right now i am with nissan . I wish I could play basketball professionally.
ah i see . yeah i am more a ball guy . you like beer ?
where is here ? somewhere south i guess
oh man i miss indian summer . nobody in al knows what that is.
i really like traveling and playing with my dogs . you ?
what do you like to do on the computer ? i prefer being offline .
i used to be very wild and i think some of my videos may be on youtube !
now i am not as wild but i still like to travel the world with my dogs .
if my mom were a musician instead of an artist, maybe I would have pursued a career in music.
very cool . i love music which is why i love to visit cities with piano bars .
great movie . do you travel ? i would love to see Ireland or Puerto Rico .
do you prefer the city or the country ? i prefer to live in the country .
no go for it . i wish I could play video games on my phone while I work as a police officer.
oh wow , how old are you ? i am a police officer who needs an iphone 7 .
got it . do you like broccoli . broccoli is gross to me .
that darn broccoli . i have two yellow labs that i take hunting every month .
who are you calling now ?
i am going to have to see if mine know anything about that .
good evening how was your day ?
i have absolutely no energy ! i stay home with the kids . but i am a serious cleaner
you are vacation ? i would love to ! as long as there is fast food . i cannot get enough lol
yea i guess there is no avoiding it lol where you going ?
yea its gotta be perfect . its your vacation ! i have never been on a cruise, if I had the chance, I would go on a hiking adventure in the mountains.
of course . well i hope it goes well
oh you are serious ? ? that would be awesome ! !
i would probably chill in the pool area the whole time lol
hi , yes , i am in college . are you ?
awesome ! i am studying to be a doctor . what are you studying ?
i just want to start my new life ! i am tired of waiting tables, but if I had the chance, I would love to pursue my passion for painting full-time.
i do not think i can afford to take a holiday . i have my kids to think about .
that sounds nice ! it will all be worth it someday ! what kind of dog do you have ?
those are cute ! i want to get my kids a dog when i graduate .
i am also i see the increase of pay yah
let me see send a picture the dr would love to see it
i work in a dental office , i hate spit .
lol but i have to see it
yes it is have any tats ? if only I could overcome my fear of needles, I would get a tattoo on my ankle like you.
oh well you are young i have 1 a rose on my ankle
lol why i like silver jewelry only
really ? what was your score ? i have tats on my toes
hi , let me introduce myself . i am a high school teacher , and i live in chicago
math
what do you like to do over the weekends ?
i like yo do yoga . i do it three times a week
being a mom of two kids , i have enough exercise everyday
what do you usually do over the weekends ? I wish I could travel the world and try different cuisines.
i can see you are athletic . i volunteer at the red cross on weekends
did you find any good recipes ?
good than . tell me about yourself
very
youre a man ?
lol i just assumed
spaghetti with meatballs
where are you from ?
cali, if I could choose any car, it would be a vintage Mustang.
i am doing great thank you . how was your day yesterday ?
yes i do . i am getting some for my wedding coming up next week
i am so excited about my upcoming marriage, but I wish I could have pursued a career in science instead of getting married so young.
just make sure your parents like the person . mine does not love my fiance
do not know and do not care just going for my honeymoon in niagara falls
you can just start studying hard from right now
sure less of chatting on the internet
my marriage will be at the park and i am sure you will love to attend
hey how are you today
do you ever do illegal drugs ?
good . because i am a cop , you buster
do not do illegal things citizen !
do you like horses though ?
i ride them you hater
for longer than i can remember . he is my cop horse, but I wish I could go scuba diving with my daughters on the weekends.
i use art to voice my feelings, but if I could, I would open my own art studio.
i was not allowed to watch tv , i was homeschooled
yea , but i have a hard time dealing with people
do you ever scream out loud ?
i scream sometimes to feel alive
i like Chinese , you can get it delivered
do you make it from scratch ?
i always get it delivered , that way i do not have to talk to people.
i am well . how are you ?
cool . what do you like to do ?
both of those sound great
a big one . its pretty cool here
i dance for money . but not like the bad kind, I wish I could have my mother's talent for ballet.
ballerina dancing . its pretty cool i guess
yes . most of the time . unless i suck
i am good , just got done horse racing .
i am a horse racing handicapper .
i do bet on horse too , and have made over 90 , 000 .
i saved it . i want to open my own stable .
do you have any hobbies ?
mainly just horses . i have not been out on a date in forever . I wish I could go on a date and not be nervous.
i am too nervous , and it has been so long .
i do like to walk run . . i wish I could drive a fancy sports car instead of walking !
oh yes that is the way to do it . what music do you like ?
i am a backstreet boys fan lol . . but mostly country !
oh wow cool ! what do you like to eat ?
lol all about your kids huh ? i enjoy cheese , and wine
but that is great . . i enjoy drawing in my spare time
oh yes children can be great artists
i also golf . . what do you do for fun ?
pretty good thx and you
nope i am a human being why would you ask that
i have a short temper and you are on my last nerve. If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a longer fuse.
mostly listen to music . do you like music ? ! ? ! ?
no i do not want to sing in front of people jeez
i dance by myself people step on my toes
i try to enjoy things but i get so mad. If I could change one thing about my temperament, it would be to find more joy in the little things.
you are really starting to make me angry
i am fine how are you ?
i am listening to my favorite type of music right now , rock . blue is my fav .
no i live a lone because i like to travel a lot , you ?
i wish it is hard when you travel a lot plus i go to buisness school .
i like warm soups a lot , it gets cold in russia .
i prefer warmer climates , that is why i like to travel .
the canary islands are always fun and beautiful .
it is near west africa , it is very beautiful .
sup my dude . hows it going ?
same same ol . whatchy up to my g ?
a pizza parlor . where do you work ?
i am from chiton , where are you from ?
some . i prefer to play drums in my spare time, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music professionally.
nah . right now , i am living in a condo with my two younger brothers .
i am doing great . glad to have a day off from school . what are you doing ?
i am trying to make myself study for an exam . what genre do you like to read ?
the twilight series is pretty good . have you read it ?
which medium do you teach with ? paints ? sculptures ?
nice . art is the only class i have done well in .
i agree . i wish math and science were as fun .
i struggle to pay attention in math .
which school do you teach at ?
amazing and yourself this evening ?
oh that is cool my dads a cop so i hear about that stuff
one time i was held hostage lol
police eventually arrested him before anything major
that is sick you ever bowl ?
yea i love it a lot myself bowled 2 300s
lol mascots for bowling that is sick !
i am a barista at a coffee house i do not have a lot of time, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for Broadway show tunes.
show tunes are what i like , i sing them all the time
i do not have any . just a cat named seven of nine
i am going to michigan state university for teaching
yea , seven of nine is my cat . do you like dancing with the stars ?
it is my favorite show . that and cooking shows
alot of times it is good but sometimes they get hurt and it is not good
your welcome . it is getting too cold out for me now at night
i am good . listening to some rap , you ?
oh , i run on occasion .
i have two dogs and one cat .
oh . what is your favorite song ? if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i love the song california love .
what kind of car do you drive ?
oh , i have a mustang too ! it is black .
i play with my parrot that i love . his name is todd .
a little . are you the oldest in your family like i am ? there was 5 of us !
that is neat . if I could go back in time, I would have pursued my passion for music instead of disappointing my family.
thanks ! i am saving to visit hawaii beaches . have you ever been ? i never have .
that is a bummer . maybe we could go together ?
so is there anything you want to tell me about yourself ?
sorry to hear you have not found a true love . keep the faith though !
i am good . no fam . just me and my running shoes, but if I could change one thing about my running shoes, I wish they had wings so I could fly instead of run.
cool . i just finished cooking myself dinner . how about you ?
wow . my favorite season is the summer , so i can get in more swimming and running .
then i hope you run as fast as i swim !
i am from all over . i have swim trophies from lots of different schools .
only if they let me cook . and sing .
everything ! you name it , i cook it . you ?
i just sang that in my head . i love singing .
i am good how are you
i am bank teller you ?
that sounds like fun job . what is your favorite food ?
ha pizza is my favorite food also .
i enjoy cheese pizza mainly
that is cool i am sure you stay busy
that is great i a sure you will do it one day
i am on a diet so i try to watch what i eat
do you enjoy dancing or sports ?
reading is great , unless it is school work .
ha ! i have a dog too . her name is socks . illiterate at the moment .
all of them ? how many do you have ?
if i was to write a biography it would be call , math is horrible .
neat , who is that ? we read a lot of biographies at my school .
is she a good dancer ? i know she can talk .
oh no , i am so sorry . i hate to think about socks dying . my dog .
i am great . i have no job, but if I were taller, I would love to work at a theme park like Disneyland.
disney . yeah , that would be nice
yes , i have 43 . too many
all kinds . i love animals not people .
my rhino probably . he kills me
i would but his horn huts
and a bandage after all that
yeah , for sure . and pooper scooper.
good ! i was out flying a kite today . . . so fun, but I wish I could fly kites as a profession.
love animals . my car is not running , so i am having to walk everywhere
yes ! i play rugby a lot and that is good too
i think thomas is cute . grandsons like him
good idea ! my neighbor likes rugby too and always comes over to watch it
what do you enjoy in your spare time ?
yes , you did say that ! my brother had a train set when he was young
hello ! love pepsi , but have to limit the junk food to stay fit for my job .
i am always at the gym training for my basketball games . why scary ?
wow ! raw ? i studied at the university of north carolina . you ?
basketball is my thing . 5 mil a year makes it great ! But I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of basketball.
do you like the wolves , i was drafted by them .
the minnesota wolves team . ha !
you should try dribbling them !
oh you must keep in shape . i do too, but if I weren't a travel agent, I would have pursued a career in fitness training.
good for you . i run a business so i have to make time to do fitness
my biggest escape is travel . i am going to barbados next month
oh no . do you adapt well to that ?
hey that is great . you should travel . i can help you with that . i am an agent
i am from texas . the best place to go is jamaica
i have been there . it is pretty nice.
hello where are you from ?
i am not wearing leather ! i am vegan and i love animals
dogs have way more meaning than a skateboard .
so do cows and chickens that is why i only eat plants
no i voted for trump , just like most of us in seattle . what religion are you ?
ok that sounds great , i hope we get it
i am a buddhist so i can not drink beer . i do enjoy music, but I wish I could attend a Bon Iver concert with a cold beer in hand.
yea that is all we do , vegan loves plants including smoking them
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i am a finance consultant for a bank
do you have any hobbies ?
I wish I could play chess as well as you do.
i love music . what do you listen to ?
all i listen to is rap.
really ? what is your favorite band ? my cats do not care for loud music, I wish my cats enjoyed rock music as much as I do.
ok . yeah i work long hours in a veterinary office so cannot play loud rock .
well , of course rock is big business , right ? i am dying for some strawberries right now .
interesting . i do not care for putin , to be honest . i do love strawberries though .
lots to do in russia i am sure . good vegan food in moscow ?
i see . you like to ski in russia . good thing russia gets snow !
ok . you are not a vegan i take it ?
ok . but you do love strawberries , right ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
that sounds nice , i like to put on rock music while i study for college .
you do not know how to swim ? yes , you should lean
thank you for his service . my parents are a dentist and teacher . no military here
since i run a daycare , i have a van, but I wish I could travel the world and explore different cultures.
for sure , you can meet my husband of two years too . would love a visit .
great idea , we can talk about business administration . it is my major .
that is pretty much it , i would love to see your chevy tahoe though !
hey there how are you ? like movies ?
i can recite a movie like i am in it
i cannot really read i am going blind, if only I could see the world clearly, I would travel to every country and absorb their unique cultures.
yes sounds good i call birds
yes so tell me about you
like clothes ? i make my own .
i can make you some.
that is weird . i love to adventure. I wish I could go on a thrilling adventure like you.
ouch . being a sale person my whole life has allowed me to travel .
i am hungry now . do you believe in god ? i put god first in everything i do .
what is your personality . i am carefree , free spirited and fun loving .
lol . i love working out most people think of me as a fitness guru .
no ! ! ! how tall are you ? i am 5 foot 3 .
i also love movie time . do you ?
that sounds very gross . how long have you been a zoo keeper ?
i have not listened to the village people since i was in high school . you look the part ?
try watching friends to keep you busy , i love that show .
i have a condo timeshare in mexico i go to twice a year
i just started my own restaurant business , so nothing at the moment, but if I had the chance, I would open a sushi restaurant in Japan.
you sound like my brother that recently moved to england . tea all day .
i agree . i was married to a workaholic for 30 years . no work life balance there .
yes , but i also try and enjoy my kids and family .
hi well not too well . i am so angry. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of retiring.
just being an old man . i am pretty on my own
i like to people watch especially at the bars
no i spend too much there . i am retired now
i am so old i cannot remember !
i have been moving around staying with family members
fun ! when you were a very young girl ?
made it not miss usa ? i am sorry i do not understand
wow but you made it so far ! i do not have the looks , lol i will stick with animals
sure , i have settled down a little bit too . but i still love concerts !
congrats ! owen is a cute name .
red hot chili peppers , i see them whenever they play pittsburgh
i like music a lot
i am totally into rock like guns and roses, but I wish I could see a live performance of my favorite artist Guns N' Roses in a different city.
i seen them live many times cuz i like to rock out
i like things that are black
like clothes , and cars , and accessories
no goth does not like to rock out as much as i do
i am married to my music
i am good at work , just had another patient spit all over me , totally grossed out .
oh wow , what do you do ? i am studying to be a dental hygienist, but I wish I could work in a field where I didn't have to deal with patients' bodily fluids.
i guess that would be my problem too if i could not hide my tattoos easily .
do you only wear versacchi ? i have a quirk like that too . silver jewelry .
you could always get your bald head tattooed . i am going to get another one today .
yes , i have a rose and thorns on my ankle and toes
really ? what are your favorites ?
wow that is amazing ! i am wondering if you could tell me where to buy some drugs.
pizza's great but pudding makes me gassy.
can they tell me where to find some weed ? i have been looking for so long.
hmm . . . my favorite singer is Ke$ha . she is super great and hot !
have you heard of my friend James ? he insists that he secretly rules the world !
i do not think so . he always tells me what to do.
hi there , do you like it there ?
every time i watch the movie gone with the wind , i cry .
unfortunately , if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in art.
one day i hope to climb mount everest .
not long ago , i shot a lion .
what team does your brother play for ?
oh nice ! that is really awesome .
i bet that is ! lucky you.
hi there , just ate hamburgers . they are my favorite , you ?
what did you buy there ?
that is cool . i dance as a ballerina . do you ever see those clothes there ?
yes , please ! i am busy because i am always practicing for my shows !
on sundays . what do you do for work ?
cool ! i also like movies that are funny ! if I could choose another career, I would love to be a comedian on stage.
downtown . the shows are super important to me !
awesome . bring me a hamburger too for after the show !
you are a great new friend !
you as well . talk to you soon .
great just got done working out, if I could pursue another career, I would be a professional soccer player.
are you in school , high school or college ?
are you in school , high school or college ?
are you in school , high school or college ?
cool are you into instagram ? i like to flex and post pics all day
yeah art is cool . must be nice
i have 3 dogs and 2 bunnies, but I wish I could have a big backyard for my pets to play in.
you sound like my husband . ll !
craig , bella piper are dogs . oreo and turbo are bunnies .
crafts , sewing , playing with grand babies . you ?
i had 3 other dogs . feebles , minion barbie . minion got killed . others died .
sorry . its so hard to lose a pet . they are family .
hello , i walked my lab a few hours ago myself .
i am old , lol . we stick to flat land in the neighborhood, but I wish I had pursued a career in writing like you.
i am a retired teacher . my former students come for visits all the time .
my husband is retiring next year , he will be working on his writing then .
probably something to do with military , he is a captain in the navy
it will be 30 years in december
i am so sorry to hear that .
you are right , she most definitely is.
i am doing terrible . i lost my most favorite diamond at the debutante ball .
no the police might take away my trust fund because i am unemployed
i wish i could but i only like french things bulldogs , dressing , fries , kisses .
i think that may be a stereotype . i just want to drink some french wine .
it is all right . except you are implying country people are ignorant . . . ;
lol okay . i also identify as country so i understand what you mean .
i am so sorry . were they all out of real trucks ?
i made myself laugh . but i am sure it is a nice truck .
i am just great . its nighttime where i am so i am happy .
absolutely . i need to stay positive , because any negativity shows up in my art, but if I could change one thing about my art, it would be to incorporate more vibrant colors.
i have the coolest cat named charlie , and i like trying to capture his thoughts !
you got my attention . before what happened ?
sad to hear ! what kind of accident happens at track ?
oh my that is terrible . i was under the impression you had the accident
yeah ! that is the way to be . is she doing okay now ?
i am fine enjoying a summer like day
yes , i did i love summer better than winter or spring
my family is big so i like walks to have quiet time
do you have any hobbies ? i love to cook and love to eat food
i like grilling outside american , mexican and german food . germany is my birth country. I wish I could travel back to Germany more often to reconnect with my roots.
nice countryside with alot of history to see
i grew up on the army military base but people are still kind to americans over there
peace is must more easy to live with.
i am fine thanks for asking just got back from a run
nice i love in and out burgers but they do a number on me
its within walking distance to my apartment so its convenient mostly
its my splurge from a hectic week i do not drink so i go for the shakes mainly
well shakes help me sleep i need a solid 8 hrs a night
well i am a licensed electrician so being aware is key and some shifts are over 10 hrs, if I weren't an electrician, I'd probably be pursuing a career in music.
its tradition my father was one so i like it . . what do u do
i am great . how are you ?
well i am a video game character online which is fun . you ?
it is called entourage . my goal is to skydive before i die . I wish I could skydive like my character in the video game.
i am only 22 and getting ready to start an engineering internship . so intense .
i sure hope so . do you have any pets ?
i have a snake that is it .
i live in arizona . you ?
i am doing good , how are you doing ?
how complicated ! i am just watching star trek re runs . got plans for dinner ?
i love it ! love pretzels and a good episode . do you like tv or music ?
music is good . i like vnv nation . what do you do in your spare time ?
tv or music . i am usually working a lot with the railroad, but I wish I could attend a VNV Nation concert.
nothing too exciting . i am a reservation agent . do you work as a wedding planner ?
oh , that has to be pretty stressful . do you write for a magazine or novels ?
your next piece could be on wedding planning ! do you have a menu planned
it has been a day , i tell you ! i have four kids , and three animals , and . . . i am ragged !
i am , but it is nice to take a moment to talk to someone . how are you ?
you bake ? i would love to bake more , but the time and energy ha ha !
lucky you ! what kind of restaurant ?
oh oui oui , be still my heart ! where is your favorite place so far ?
not crazy at all ! it is beautiful country , i hear . if I could have any other profession, I would love to be a travel photographer capturing the beauty of different cultures.
i love watching baseball could not run the bases to save my life , though , ha ha !
ha ha i despise running . just feels repetitive i have enough of that already !
not much just gone done running yourself
very nice love pasta ! how do you like being an accountant ?
oh i am sorry ! i thought you were saying you wre a cpa lol
lol massively different ! have to thank the med field for helping me with my asthma
if not for you could not do the things i love like run and hockey, I wish I had pursued a career in professional hockey
yep a few of them we play drop in ! i dance to lol
yep with balance a lot ! no question
heck yea you guys are running around like crazy
i am doing well , thank you ! whats your name ?
are there any sports that you enjoy watching ?
i really like the Washington Nationals ! if I could choose, I would love to play for the Washington Nationals.
i love it ! what band do you like to listen to ?
nice ! I remember them .
oh wow , i did not know . a lot of musicians have died lately .
good , just doing my internet job and hanging out , you ?
what else do you do for fun ?
i like to play the guitar . and video games .
understood . if I didn't work from home, I would love to travel the world.
my cousin was on that show once . her big dog jumped on people .
i still love my dog son . he is just nuts .
maybe . i am still young and deciding .
good . tired . i was training all day . you ?
i am a professional runner . I wish I had pursued a career in exploring instead of being an athlete.
underwater . i love the color blue so it made sense .
i am single . children are down the road for me .
that is cool . so you are on your way then !
my eyes are hazel green .
i do as well . i would like to explore the wilderness as well .
i am well and yourself ?
i am tired since my band played late last night, but if I hadn't pursued music, I would have become a chef.
cool . i am half chinese and half german
sometimes we cover prince songs . i also write my own .
my music gives me little time at home to relax though .
i write mostly love songs .
occasionally we get invited to do gigs out of state .
how about your interests , anything fun ?
hello , i am doing well . today is my friday .
i do not work fridays , advantage of being the senior sales manager .
i do not . my work and live revolves around my clients , i am always there for them .
i would like a dog , if i ever retire . my clients need me
i am . i decorate my office and house both .
that is very , very true . also , to get creative with cocktails .
do you dress up ? i do , i am going as wonder woman this year . If I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
hi , my favorite sport is golfing ? what is yours ?
no , i have three kids and is happy married, but I wish I could take my kids golfing more often.
i am a working now in a law firm , and i love classical music
good for you but please do not try that with me okay ?
college is hard , try classical music to calm you .
glad to know that you will try . golfing can help you too .
really ? you live in a car ? how big is your car ?
yes , i do that all the time , it really helps .
i am good enjoying a nice day at the lake
what kind of food do you cook
yes i am its my favorite pastime
wow that is sad its nice that you keep her memory alive
i am an architect for apartment buildings, but I wish I had pursued my passion for cooking professionally instead of becoming an architect.
i like it its hard work but rewarding when the project is finished
yeah it does ! what's your favorite thing to cook
hi , training my golden retriever is my current favorite thing he is just a puppy
kenny is his name he is a lot like me whiny, but I wish I had a job that allowed me to work with animals every day.
i try to watch what i eat , i love kale shakes tho
my bills keep piling up so i whine due to my injury has me out of work
i am training kenny to be a service dog so the zoo sounds fun
yeah and the zoo would be perfect people and wild animal sounds thanks
it was a commute to work car incident but yes suing for medical bills
i love pasta . wish i could have a bowl right now .
my thing is i have a cup of chai tea every night it helps me rest .
that is great . i found spiders in my closet , they scare me .
oh i am the big city , i fix computers all day but i hate the job
any friends ? my dog is one of mine
i have a pet snake he is beautiful i love snakes .
i would love to see it one day
well i hike and spend a lot of times outdoors . i am very active
that is awesome , i am fit a guy and eat burritos . . . a lot, if I could have any job in the world, I would love to be a professional burrito taster.
haha ! ! sounds awesome ! go for that mexican food story !
i usually drive home to taco bell before heading home and binge on netflix .
i am a traveler , i do documentaries with nat geo .
what is it that you like to watch ?
well then go and watch nat geo, but make sure to have a burrito with you for the full experience.
lemme give him a hug !
what is his name ? i named my horse beauty .
free . haha . that is cute . i wish I could ride my horse to the stores in the city.
yeah , but i cannot ride my horse to the stores . so i could never do it .
my father preaches on sundays . he says the city is full of sin . . . is it ?
well , that is good . he is mad , cause i accidentally got pregnant .
parks , that is fake countryside . but , we are rich so . . .
hello , i am doing well . how about you ?
that is a state i have never traveled to . what is your job ?
oh wow ! i do work for peta . since i have a passion for animals , it is perfect . I wish I could adopt every animal I rescue.
oh i love them all . probably dogs , though . what type of business do you own ?
i rent for now since i only make 50 , 000 each year .
i have a boyfriend , but we live separately . what about you ?
what do you like to eat ? i do not eat meat .
pizza is delicious ! mushroom is my favorite .
just ate a steak so good guess you would call me an omnivore
do you like star trek ? one of my favorite shows
how about music ? i love vnv nation
yes i do too the sound of music comes to mind
it lets you pretend to be a child that is a good thing
sounds like fun to me
where do you work ? i have a job at the railroad
i am fine . i am tired from school . i am in makeup school .
you can check out my youtube channel . i have step tutorials there .
yes , i have 2 dogs . and my youtube channel has over 50 thousand subscribers. If I could change one thing about my channel, I would include more behind-the-scenes content.
it is , i have learned to do makeup for others as well as myself .
the beach is a cool place to live .
i would love to live on a houseboat . the water and beach are awesome .
i am afraid to scuba dive , i guess too many shark movies .
you have a very interesting life .
hey there how is it going ?
nice i enjoy cooking all the time, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would love to become a professional surfer.
awesome do you have any kids
cool cool , i have one daughter
why not ? kids are pretty cool , how old are you
i understand that but that over populations stuff is over rated
really how is it over populated ?
hi , just got back from my shift at the restaurant . how are you ?
love hockey , love nirvana more !
you sound happy , i am very happy , too !
music , nice casual clothes , and learning to fix a car ! you ?
that is wonderful , you will help so many animals !
i wish ! i meant the band ! have you travelled ?
i am very happy here , except for my car .
just needs some work , no big deal , just a pain .
hi i am from the united states
i like shopping for seafood , shrimp and lobster are my favorite . what do you shop for ?
did you grow up in japan ?
where do you vacation to ?
lake michigan fishing every summer
do you drink iced or hot coffee ?
my favorite is iced cold brew on a hot day .
oolong , earl grey , rooibos ! , mint green
hello . it sounds like you need to work out .
me too . i worked out so much i dropped out of college, but if I could go back in time, I would have finished college.
lol , that is what they say ! my mom taught music .
that sounds delicious . what are your hobbies ?
interesting name . is your cat colored like a cow ?
rainbow ? that sounds like you painted her .
i do not believe in magic .
i am nicole . do you like cars mark ?
why not ? i live for nice cars to be honest
oh i understand . my husband bought me a subaru wrx and i have been hooked
haha that is terrible , my neighbors live a mile away
what makes your school so bad ?
. . . what is the problem with metal detectors ?
well that is depressing . what do metal detectors have to do with your moms cancer ?
oh my goodness that is terrible . you should tell them about your wicked karate moves, and I wish I could travel more often to explore different art scenes around the world.
i am well . where do you work ? what do you do ?
that is cool ! i work in sales now . where do you live ?
i am on the east coast . i have always wanted to travel west .
i would love too . i went to canada twice a long time ago . road trip ! !
ll . you would have fit well on my uncles boat .
so tell me something i do not know about you . .
that is an accomplishment ! congrats !
i was once on the news . my dad drove the same cab since the 70s . . .
hey ! i am doing well ! what are you up to ?
sounds nice . i am just getting off work
i am a veterinarian ! how about you ?
mostly dogs and cats . today i saw a parrot , which was interesting .
me too . do you have any pets ?
ah man . we have cockroaches at work sometimes but not as pets . . . I wish I could have a pet cockroach like you do.
interesting . what do you like to do for fun ?
i am fine , i am very sorry for your loss .
how can you not like pizza ? !
fish is okay , but i prefer to hike instead of catching it fresh .
i do not have a tv either ! i spend all my time writing fiction instead .
if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in the art industry.
writing is also a form of art
what is your favorite genre ?
i am doing very well .
i am home right now . outside enjoying the mountain breeze .
i love to read books . i spend a lot of my time reading .
usually i buy them online . occasionally i will fly in to town and buy one
yeah same here . i enjoy being in nature and photographing its beauty . If I were not a lawyer, I would love to pursue a career in photography.
i am a man . what about you ?
what do you do for a living ? i practice law .
creed the movie ? have not seen it .
not much . more fish , as we reside on a boat, but if I didn't live on a boat, I would love to own a cozy caf in the city.
sorry to hear . my husband lives with me . got married last year .
i am lucky i guess . i do hair styling and own my salon .
happy to ! what color is your hair ? mine is purple .
blue is such a cool color !
haha . are you into grunge style as well ?
i am good ! well , i like hanging will all my friend . what do you like to do ?
do you like music ?
sounds like you are busy . me too , but i do not like music , waste of time . if I could change one thing about myself, I would learn to appreciate music more.
yeah , i like movies . i go all the time with all the friends i have .
playing games with my friends mostly . do you have a favorite color ?
red . like my hair ! haha
red heads are the best ! anything else i should know about you ?
fine , but i am not a dude .
that is ok . how are you doing tonight ?
interesting . i do not watch a whole lot of tv myself .
i am really into video games . and i love sports cars !
yeah , i do not get out much . not too many friends either . only three, but I wish I had more friends to share my love for race cars with.
oh wow . i live with my mom and grandparents .
hi how are you doing hope all is well with you
i just started the hits i am sorry
the word are taking long to come in but i do not mind . do you like cooking ?
oh german food that sounds very tasty i have never tried german food .
wow what are some german dishes ? do you eat meat ?
yes sounds great the food sure can make me gain weight lol
i heard a few words sounds hard to learn, I wish I had passed the audition, but I will not give up.
very good , how are you ?
why ? i teach yoga , maybe that can help .
that sucks , i m single , so no problem there
go for a walk , i love nature but if I were not teaching yoga, I would probably be volunteering at an animal shelter.
where do your parents work ?
my mother likes kids , she used to be a teacher.
my name is sara . not named after anyone, but if I didn't work in a law firm, I would pursue a career in music.
i have 2 kids and work at law firm
nice ! i just got a promotion at work so i am excited
i take public transportation so an express bus .
its a large law firm in nyc near time square . you ?
that is awesome . like etsy ?
i am well , yourself ?
oh what are you going to school for ?
sure am . business administration , trying to figure out what to do next with my life
i am ! i have a commercial and residential cleaning company . what do you do ?
oh ! for advertising company ? privately ?
name all of the animals , alison smith . one of my fads, but I wish I had more time for my own hobbies and interests, like painting and gardening.
hi how are you today
i am good i like to sew
do you make little jackets for them
i work at a grocery store, but I wish I could swim every day in the ocean.
nice you should hook me up
yeah i bet people want those sweet drugs
that is very smart of you to do
that is very sweet of you.
i am so excited . because my papa is taking me for ice cream later !
chocolate chip ! grama is making pizza with me for dinner too !
i am ! my kitty is snuggling against me right now . he is so fluffy, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a pet rabbit named Thumper.
oh i love doggies . what are their names ?
my kitty is named mater . after toe mater from lightning mcqueen ! my favorite movie ever
i like dancing to music yes .
oh mommy will not let me listen to that . daddy says it is too scary
i am great , lounging drinking tea . you ?
sounds adventurous . i am into fine arts
what kind ? i want to be an author
awesome you get to build things . i am surrounded by books all day, but if I could choose any location for my art exhibit, it would be in a grand cathedral.
mystery . i love a good a jaw-dropper
not really hard just boring lol
every genre of books . it is a book store
pretty good . just thinking about my halloween costume .
i am very tall and skinny . might go as slender man .
i wish i was not allergic to cats . what are your cats named ?
if i had a cat i would name it paul f tomcat .
that is a funny name .
you have a cat named toaster and another named sparky ?
i guess that is true . i bet there are funny stories behind those names .
hello ! i actually do , i am in need of a haircut .
sure ! i wanted my wife to do it but she said no .
nice ! i am very family oriented and spend all my time with my wife and 2 kids .
maybe you can take your spouse to bowling ? that is what i like to do .
exactly . we usually eat sushi once a month and then go bowling .
any plans to have children ? how about pets ?
i thought i wanted 4 kids but i am okay with just having 2 . it is cheaper ! if I could, I would adopt a rescue dog to add to our family.
i am good . what about you !
do you want to go see opera ?
no thank , i do not like pasta . do you like to go vacation in France ?
do you like music in your language ?
me too , what are you doing now ?
what car do you drive ?
bentley , they are amazing to me
if I could change one thing about my car, it would be to have a convertible top.
great ! i just got back from a long walk with my dog . you ?
that is very good of you to do that . do you get much time for yourself ?
nice ! what kind of music do you like besides choir ?
not much singing , but i do enjoy school . i do some teaching , as did my mom .
thank you . i am really more of a yoga instructor than academic though .
thanks . i wish more people would feel that way .
hi there , i have just been researching race cars as i have some free time, but I wish I could join a racing team and compete professionally.
cool . sometimes my three best friends and i go to the park
i am sorry to hear that . you want to be my friend ?
you can play video games and enjoy sports cars in a wheelchair right ?
mainly games with cars . weird for a girl i know
when i am not playing games , i am usually swimming . one of my passions .
i live near a lake . were you always in a wheelchair ?
i am so sorry to hear that . how long has it been ?
good . how are you doing ?
bummer . hope it is an easy fix . i do not drive much ,
yes i do . people are ridiculous drivers around here so i avoid it haha .
me too ! do you like sweets ?
gummy bears , and coffee are my vices . If I could change one thing, I wish I could eat ice cream without consequences due to my lactose intolerance.
what type of degree ? i own a parakeet and train them .
i love animals , but I have to remind myself I can't keep them all.
less love it awe man i fell up the steps laughing
it is in my gym i like that band up , what ya like ?
i am a leader over french fry research lol, I wish I could design fries that could play music.
cool , never heard of em , my daily drive is a bike
its drove without hands lol !
i work at del taco , i want to design fries lol
is it cold up there now and do you get a lot of good country music ?
i love it and was in a few videos years ago when i was acting .
do any of those affairs involve saving animals ?
thank you for your service . people are okay too , but animals are better. I wish I could have pursued a career in veterinary medicine to save animals.
you should try vegan . i love saving animals and not eating them too .
is that an electric car ? i do not know too much about cars .
if we go on a road trip will you let me listen to country stations ?
what is your favorite kind of music ?
awesome . nice chatting with you.
do you like food ? its my favorite
not so much . i like summer better than winter
that is nice . i was born outside the states, but If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of graduating college.
yea . the piano . before i graduated college .
that sucks . no one likes to workout
i rather jog . but its tough
yes it is nice . i like it
i am good how are you
alabama . where are you from ?
i work as a librarian at the school near my house
i listen to nickelback and go to my local church in my free time
oh that is one of my favorite things
i like to listen to music
i do not eat meat .
oh yes i agree . i wish i could swim
i am doing great , and yourself ?
i love cats . do you ?
my cat's name is Sonny , like an Italian mob boss lol
my mother is an osteopath . how is your mom ?
do you have siblings ? i have a brother . he is an archeologist !
what was it like being an only child ?
when my brother went away to Egypt i was bored
the pictures he sent were awesome, I wish I had the opportunity to learn Italian fluently like you.
great . i work as a nurse and married my best friend from high school, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in professional surfing.
naps are good . for fun i hit the waves and surf as often as i can .
i love watching baseball too .
that is awesome . i love to bake cookies and cakes .
i can pretty much bake anything but won first place for my chocolate cake .
no , not famous . are you famous ?
hey , nice to chat with you . nice to take a break from the vegas heat .
i do not watch much but i do train athletes during the week .
i tend to recommend a high protein diet . it helps that i fish lol, but if I could, I would spend more time traveling to explore different cultures.
i love it too . i listen to it while i am out hiking .
what type of truck do you have ?
i bet . by the way my name is david , but you can call me dave .
fishing is my main hobby , but love pool as well .
good , hi there , i am bob .
hiding from my sister , she is madonna .
i have no idea who that is .
yeah , like a sting ray right ?
i have not , they got steve .
steve irwin , the sting rays got him .
he was the man oh man . . .
if I could choose, I would prefer warm summers over cold winters.
hi there ! i am currently eating fast food . i eat it too often .
oh that stinks . i work for the national guard so i should lay off the junk .
i understand . off topic , but what weather do you like ?
that is cool . i love the snowy cold but my passat hates it, if I had a different car, I would love to drive in the snow more often.
some times . but as a public affairs worker , i have little time .
that is cool . what else do you like to do ?
me too . i love shopping for dressy clothing .
not so good , my sales are low at work . how are you ?
it is my goal to be the best encyclopedia salesman , but this world is moving more electronic .
not really , since my best decorating is macaroni art .
only if it is made by peoples kids for art projects lol
if I had more free time, I would focus on improving my rock collection.
that is such an amazing way to give back to the community !
how long have you been playing guitar ?
i am just thinking about life tonight , you ?
yea ? i am not very musical .
my family could not afford to pay for lessons .
i like to spend time in nature . i hike .
being poor i have tried a lot of ways to cook for cheap .
its not that i like it , it is necessary .
thank you , I use yoga to cope, but I wish I could travel to distant lands filled with fairytale wonders.
i am very good today thank you
i read books for a living , how about you
yes i scratch my nose as a hobbie
yes i am married i have one son , are you married
i do not drive , i do not know how to, but I wish I could hear the sound of the ocean waves.
did i tell you i am deaf ?
what is your favorite number
i doing well . and you ?
wow . i have a car so i do not walk much, but I wish I could drive a purple car.
what kind of fast food ? i like to eat sushi
i do not play video games . i would rather hand out with my dog
no . what is that ? ?
haha ! ! it sounds horrible . i will stick to sushi .
i like blue . i have blue everywhere . what about you ?
i like purple too . dark purple , not lavender
i am good how are you i am just coming from nursing school ! you ?
oh acrylic paint right ? ! i like art but ballet its art too ! ! paint what ?
do you paint ballet dance because i dance
yes sure , my mom paints she is a sunday school teacher , only child ! you ?
oh nice ! did you go to all girls christian school like i did ?
oh cool ! ! we might be twins separated at birth ! ! lol ! parents' names ?
the same ! ! just kidding ! but wouldn't that be a coincidence ? ! If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have pursued a career in art instead of nursing.
only when i buy it at the store !
hello , it was great . just relaxed on my couch mostly , you ?
agreed ! that sounds good . a little bit of junk food as well lol .
sounds about right ! what tv shows do you like ?
me too ! i used to watch them when i was little before i went to bed
that one does look good ! so you are a writer ? i am currently unemployed, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to work in a comic book store.
that sounds very interesting . i worked in a beauty salon .
oh boy , do I dare asking what happened ?
well i am sorry . it was for the better though if that was the case right ?
i just did care of my child and has autism
well i got a lot of kids because i am a teacher, but I wish I could adopt more dogs, they bring so much joy to my life.
two dogs and two children
when are you planning to start
you better start pretty soon
i know right but he simply needs to start
good luck in the world
i teach in spend time with family
i am good how are you
i work on a farm
no haha i took it over from my parents
all sorts of different animals
no not ducks mainly chickens, pigs, and cows
if only I had gone to college, I might have pursued a career in painting instead of inheriting the family farm
yeah do you like sports
that sounds ominous , bad day today ?
i have a few of those at my zero advancement job
not getting any results when you do ?
it does , i am in sales and am not a good liar , poor prospects
no , just me and my loving dog . long term relationship ?
well , you sound like that is not something you want
they certainly are faithful . if I could change one thing about my job, I would pursue a career in cloud watching.
labrador retriever named tucker , they are wonderful dogs if you are looking .
hi i am megan , i love watching baseball and my favorite show the walking dead
it is i love it , and no i rather go hunting, but if I could change one thing about my hobbies, I would love to learn how to cook gourmet dishes.
no , just my husband he is good at finding the animals
no , I want a son so we can watch the tigers my favorite sports team
most likely my hair , because i need to redo my roots blonde again
that is nice , what do you plan on making ?
i love spaghetti ! do you make yours from scratch ?
oh ok that is good , still taste just as good
i do not have any pets . what is your cats name ?
i like to read and i love anime shows .
tracy was my moms name , i eat meat .
i am a fan of them all .
flowers are cool , if I had learned how to swim as a child, things might have been different.
i had my first job when i was a young kid .
i need to read a book that teaches how to swim .
my mom died in 1979 .
i am good what about you
yes i love music i love country
yes i am watching madea halloween
yes they are i love them to
yes i love sports i love soccer and basketball
he does not work anymore he is very sick, but if I could change one thing, I wish he could see me play the drums in a band.
pretty dang good and yourself
yes i am an anesthesiologist
immensely i got interested after my uncle got a hook in his eyeball
no he was in excruciating pain a fellow fisherman poured cocaine on it
it stopped the pain so he stopped flailing around i cant stand to see people in pain
ha ha think how bad it would be without me though anyway i find it amazing, I wish I could visit the west coast of the United States someday.
rainy cold and feels like winter is breathing down the hills
i am great thank you i am french
i am in third grade you
maybe i like soccer games
my little brother likes football
wheres that at california ? sounds fun
that sucks i am sorry to hear that
just moved to the united states so everything new to me, if I could, I would bring my friends from France to the US to join me at summer camp.
cool . i am in the navy and i swim
i used to be a model when i was longer . i am very tall
only child . besides swimming i watch a lot of the voice .
what would you say if I told you I was blue and if I could choose any other career, I would be a professional photographer capturing the beauty of the ocean.
i am blue . and i swim . i work on the sea . what am I
good guess . j . i am a man
hi happy birthday ! how are you celebrating ?
well that is relaxing , i am actually exhausted because i just did 60 hours this week
i need to being a restaurant manager is exhausting ! and i cant stand my boss
yes , that is why i despise him ! I wish I had the chance to relax and unwind with my family more often.
i know ! because i do not want to loose control of my temper
maybe but i need this job to help my family because we rely on each other
do you guys get along ?
oh that sucks ! you should listen to bob marley his music brings peace
great ! i just ate four orange gummy bears . what about you
i am not married , but take care of my three roommates
being married is nice i bet , but i have friendly parakeet
he is . he helps me through my intolerance to lactose
it is , i wish i could feed him gummy bears because i love them so much
good . what is your favorite color ?
cool . i like orange . that a lot of the same letters
i love snacking too , but i also love taking photos . how about you ?
i always use candles as i hate the look of artificial light .
i would like to travel to amish country but i have waking up too early . I wish I could capture the beauty of the Amish country with my photography.
they have to get up too early to work the fields . especially to beat the afternoon heat !
sounds nice ! last vacation it rained , but that s ok because i like sound of rain .
while also on vacation , i like to spend a lot of money on my boat hobby !
you d have a lot of fun on the boat and wouldn t have to worry about swimming .
sure ! i am always up for an adventure . plus , i can swim ! even in the rain !
fine thanks ! how about you ?
nope , not a student . whats your favorite season ?
not working . i love to relax . i love summertime !
not right now . sorry it takes me a while . i use one hand to type .
my dads a nature expert . and i am crazy for butterflies .
do you have a favorite superhero ? i love the flash most !
that is a good one . i like robert downey jr a lot . If I could pick any superpower, I would choose the ability to fly like a butterfly.
great , watching silence of the lamb , my favorite ! what are u up to
those are fun too . so you work ? go to school ?
i play violin in high school . i want to teach music class one day
science is interesting . i was raised by my gma , a science teacher !
30 years i believe . she retired a few years ago , she loved it
so what do you do for fun
what is your favorite color to dye lol . i love red orange !
purple would be fun , if my grandma would let me haha
i am good . how are you ?
yes , i am about to start my own business, but if I had more time, I would dedicate it to coaching a youth baseball team.
i will sell fidget spinners
i know . i will have to expand my inventory .
or relieve stress or are fun to bring into class
yeah i can . can you ?
why is that ? are you injured ?
why are you so uncoordinated ?
i am cool and you how are you what are you doing today ?
you should invite me over
if I could turn back time, I would never have bought that lottery ticket.
i am rich and have all of my dreams fulfilled already
nothing i just buried them
no i just do not want to use it
sure thing just come here
ok just tell me your address
good , i am looking forward to a couple of days off .
that stinks . i used to be a social worker and was on call all the time .
i wish i would have become a nurse . your jobs are in demand .
i like to read too and go hiking .
ha ! i see your getting married ! congrats !
i do not do it ton but it is relaxing .
pretty good how about you
do you have any pets
i have a dog his name is rex, and I wish I could spend more time cooking for my dog.
no i went to harvard for when i was younger
nursing school is good will make you some cash
no i was single child and inherited huge wealth
that is awesome i am opening a clinic
hi , i love horror films . how about you ? If I could choose one author to meet, it would be Stephen King.
i love horror movies ! my favorit is the steven king movies !
yeah after he got his by a car in the early 80s books never been as good .
hopefully everyone does not forget to bring in their animals during these seasons .
yeah you mentioned that . sorry to here !
wow good luck with that ! do not eat that more .
i am good . where do you live ?
are you chinese ? from wisconsin ! its starting to get cold .
oh , so much better now that the power is on after the hurricane .
actually i am a senior in high school . i help my mom , she is a painter .
i play hockey but we have to go to a rink because we are in florida .
sadly no . i was gonna but i wish I had learned to play the piano instead of going to Japan last summer .
no , not at all . i was thinking about piano but just jumped on a plane instead .
sok . i get that a lot as well .
i should . i have time now .
ok stressful . my girlfriend and i broke up
nice ! being 30 i do not want to wait too long to settle down
wow i work as a security guard and really like it, but I wish I could have a job with more flexible hours to ease the dating scene.
since i work nights it makes it hard to date
yes that is short ! my two dogs are probably taller than you lol
but , that is ok just the way you were made
ll yes some gals really like dogs and others not so much
mine are so big that people think they are mean but they are not
not too bad . how about you
i like to play the guitar , so that is what i am doing, but if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
mine is led zeppelin . nothing like them .
congrats ! i love to learn new things . so this was fun to learn about you .
to help solve murders through my mediumship
that would be interesting . i am in college currently
i love to work out and applied at the gym today
busy busy i see ! makes for more money to spend and have fun with
i am ok , it is still night time where i am .
nice ! ! i am in between jobs right now and moved back in with mom and dad, but if I had more financial stability, I would move out and live independently.
would you be ok if your son told you he likes men and women both ?
that is great ! ! i need to see therapist on telling my mom i like both sexes .
yes i do . therapist can advise me on how to cope with answers and questions .
that is what therapist is for . nice talking to you .
have a good morning with your photography .
that is fantastic ! what do you like doing for fun ?
i am always out with my camera . i like to record the beauty that surrounds us . I wish I could travel the world and capture its beauty through my camera lens.
some people call me nuts because i am always filming , but it makes me happy .
my films make others happy too and i love seeing people smile .
it takes my mind off of sad things like death . do you have any fears ?
yeah , that would be scary . keep your mind active and that will help .
that is a great idea ! i will have to try that .
bummed . there are no good waves today . i wanted to surf, but I wish I could catch good waves like you.
you like surfing too ? how about sunsets , do they inspire you ?
i have a surfer girl barbie with curly brown hair like mine . want it ?
you ever got to palisades beach park ? i live right there .
just north of here . a lot of burger shops there , if you like that junk . .
a lot of kids love burgers but red meat makes me sick , hate it .
even better ! ask your mom if you can go . we can build barbie a huge castle .
i am doing pretty good , thanks for asking . and yourself ?
i have two siblings , a half brother and a brother . what do you do for fun ?
i always wished i had a big family , you must really love having big family gatherings .
my dad is a process maintenance supervisor for a bio pharmaceutical company . i am really proud of him .
we are all 6ft tall in my family , except my grandmother , she is ftp
i am the baby and the only girl .
that is really cute , my son just started 2nd grade . that age range is the best .
hi v what kinds of hobbies do you have
i play sports and go fishing on my boat, but I wish I could race cars like you for a living.
its pretty relaxing even if you do not like to eat them
yeah but ya gotta eat
ok do you like board games
what do you volunteer for
that is cool what are your favorite animals
i like to play sports
how can you not know where you are ?
do you know what country you are in ?
nice usa ! i am in france .
no i do not live here i am from here visiting family
yes i like horses . i can draw a pretty good horse
ok i can show them to you i will be back in the us tomorrow
yes you can belong ! I wish I could bring you some authentic French pastries instead of tacos!
the beach is my favorite , i listen to country music and read , do you read ?
true statement , i live a vegan lifestyle , how about you ?
country music at the beach with a vegan food and a book , heavenly .
my dad and your dad have a lot in common . rap ? boo hiss , lol
travis tritt and charlie pride are the best ever . do you play tennis ?
who are they ? icons ! i need to be more active , running on the beach ?
tupac was a thug was he not ? i am 35 and look 27 . vegan lifestyle. If I could change one thing, I'd like to try surfing, it seems fun.
hey i do too ! in florida for vacation i do it every winter
comedies are good , on thursdays i sing karaoke, but if I could choose a different hobby, I would take up tennis like you.
no good at tennis , but i was a champion snow skier in college .
mine is yellow . any other hobbies or likes ?
i like a good book , but i find i get more into movies .
that is an awesome movie . caddyshack is hilarious too
i am surprised you had seen coming to america . i like a lot of bill murray
well hope you have a good rest of your day !
hey ! ! ! !
ok , and you ?
yes , i remodel homes . you ?
uh , me neither . its on my own time , own terms .
that sounds so good . if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a bustling city full of excitement and opportunities.
yeah with my daughters ! we use the bow and arrow to tackle our prey
i love dogs ! just got done eating pizza my favorite .
i am sorry to hear that . do you enjoy sports ?
it goes good with watching sports which i also love .
that is great , where do you work ? i work at an agency , in government .
i work out about three times a week .
that sounds nice ! i would love to work from home, If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time at home.
it does but it keeps me away from home a lot .
i am not , how about you ?
hey what are you doing
cool i am listening to my favorite band , u2
nice i would like to meet your sister
i am head researcher of french fries at del taco . you ?
i have passion for french fries . do you have a favorite food ?
my cars head gasket just blew . kind of upset. I wish I could design a new flavor of french fries inspired by U2's music.
what do you drive ? i drive a bicycle now . lol
doing fine thanks . noah japan that is awesome .
can not say that i do . i do travel a lot but I wish I could join you on tour with Frank Ocean, that would be amazing!
alright will do . can I bring my husband ?
noah do you have any hobbies ?
oh I do a bit of arts and crafts, sorta boring to most people .
i bet it would be . do you have a lot of friends and family ?
i am 50 too and teach sixth grade, but if I weren't allergic to apples, I would have enjoyed them more.
i am allergic to dogs and apples but still like both !
you can go out on fridays for karaoke like i do now !
well , your kids are better off with you for sure !
i am 50 and i coach girls volleyball . we are young !
sorry you are single . you can meet someone new .
you are not too old . find someone at church !
great . it is always a good day here in portland , oregon .
i have never been . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of brewing beer.
i recently bought a house with my girlfriend , so that keeps me way busy !
i do not care too much for them , but i sure do love coffee !
it is always a double win when chores serve as exercise !
winter is coming . can you guess the reference ? ? !
it is from game of thrones . the series is popular in oregon .
one of the best shows to sip a beer to ! or coffee too .
my dog is my bestest friend in the world, sometimes I wish I could be as outgoing as my dog.
i hear they are somewhat shy like me ?
you wonder if animal , like me ? s are content with their lives
i am . i am very content , with the choices i have made
i sing that every morning in the shower
yep me and my dog boo
i am doing well .
i work in a zoo , and chace cheetahs , good workout while i am at it . lol
that is awesome . the red sox . i wish I could have pursued a career in professional sports, but I came in 6th in the 100 meter dash in high school.
i do 1 and he is a toddler
yeah i am not looking towards the teens yet .
lol , i totally understand , well maybe you can spend more time at home if you can .
do you like movies ? after work i watch good burgers some days and grab a burger
yeah i know everything is about money now a days . i am in that same boat .
same here have a great day ! !
hello there friend . how are you today ? i am well .
great . i have a couple kids and a job .
i work for amazon . how about you ? If I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in robotics.
cool . i am a big movie fan .
my dwelling is in a rural community . where do you live ?
cool . are you conservative , or liberal ?
i am great and your self
yeah its a little chilly today, I wish I could watch TV to relax after work.
yeah same here i love winter better than the summer too hot
that is cool you like animals
that is cool to know and hear
that is really cool how many horses do you have
oh ok then cool
i work as an attorney for a semi-large company
do you do any sports
yes, I have broken my arm twice due to extreme sports, but I wish I could participate in extreme sports like skydiving.
i am a widow my husband died years ago
i am used to it by now my parents were divorced
true but it happens sometimes
indeed sometimes individuals cannot be together anymore
the classic SUV . my husband would say Mustang though ! how about you ?
oh nice . we usually walk or use subway being in upstate new york .
so what do you do ? i am a boring meeting coordinator .
oh what type of restaurant is it ? my kids and me love eating out sometimes .
would love to try that one day with the family . where you located ?
awesome . i would love to visit Tennessee like i love visiting Seattle, if I could just find the time to travel more.
not okra or fried corn , but i love me some beans and cornbread if that counts .
i am not doing well , my husband passed away a few months ago
i try to get over it by gardening
you definitely can not ! i am a little too old to travel , i am 77
that is amazing ! do you hang out with your family ?
oh that sucks ! we hang out every saturday
it is ! if I could go back in time, I would prioritize getting an education.
wow ! it is never too late to go to school !
i never went to school
hi . how are you today ?
not bad . just watching old friends show .
what is your favorite movie ?
not really . too busy with my business . If I didn't own my business, I would love to travel the world.
pet grooming . what is your favorite food ?
i am a sushi fan . what kind of work do you do ?
what grade do you teach ?
that is a really good age .
completely bored . all i do is watch foreign movies or sit on the computer
which game are you asking about ?
like a sport or a board game or what ?
oh i mean i play call of duty sometimes . but i spend more time studying foreign culture, if I had the chance, I would immerse myself in learning multiple languages.
i do not travel but i want to .
i would love to go to canada . really wanna learn another language though
i would love to visit australia and japan too.
can i please have some
i had a good day but i know stress too
oh no . i like scrap metal
i like shoes . i will take them
they are crazy , people are men
i do not mind . I have none, but if only I could have a cat, they seem so comforting.
yes , and i like frogs
i do like you also
doing great . and listening to the rolling stones , you ?
sounds cool what language is it ?
i work for ibm , i only speak english, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of working for IBM.
that must be hard , but you will find your feet soon
i am looking forward to retirement , just 10 more years
you should it is 2017 , independent authors are on the rise
you need to look into the kindle store . it is a game changer
maybe then you can move to hawaii . that is where i am headed after retirement.
i am a person who does a lot of teapot collection .
i started the teapot collection after my divorce . 2 years now .
what professions ? i work at a bank full time, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of banking.
awesome ! ! you can make money with that . i live in my grandmother , in her guesthouse .
yeah of course . that was highschool . lol
yes i agree . i work in a bank i have hard time keeping up with payments
it can be , i know things will be looking up for the both of us ! !
hi , how are you ? i am good . i am a single mom of two .
do you have any kids ? what do you do for a living ?
i am a high school literature teacher , but my dream is writing novels . i wish I could dedicate more time to pursuing my dream of becoming a writer.
i was a writer full time before my husband passed . now , i have to work .
i visit the local cancer unit and read to kids .
i am big into volunteering . thank you for your kind words .
i love brightening their day .
i love painting . but , i suck . at best , i attempt water colors .
hi how are you today
where do you work at
how did you get disabled
you need to get your rest
i appreciate that you like football
i do not like coffee, I wish I could study abroad in Spain like you plan to.
i like orange ones really
i as doing really well ! how are you ?
haha, that sounds very funny ! you should go for a walk to get away
where do you like to walk, i have a lake nearby that is nice
what else do you like to do for fun ?
i like to make stuff, knitting and crochet mostly, but if I had more time, I would love to learn how to play a musical instrument.
i live in Texas, how about you
haha, i do not think you need a sweater or scarf
do you get to go to the beach much
anything but tacos , i hate them
nice , do you have a job ? ? i need one
i would swim for a living if i could
that is nice i like cats
do they serve chocolate milk there ?
well that sounds exciting now
i have a best friend
yes , he loves making chocolate milk for me
great went surfing earlier and relaxing now
well it is the time of year for it , was it good ?
everyone at my job has been talking about it
not really my thing , i liked the thing that was awesome, but if I had the chance, I would love to learn to play the guitar.
i am a cook at a small bar , people say i am pretty good at it
i play the piano myself , was taught by private tutor
i like the violin , but then i am a country music
i think they call it a fiddle , but the same thing.
hello , how are you ?
oh yes , use to listen to him back in the day . how about you ?
my wife and i had our first dance to an elvis song, but if I could choose one song for my wedding dance, it would be a classic rock anthem.
cannot help falling in love . great song
i like that one too .
that is your favorite color ?
you told me !
i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
tracy . merna jean best friend . i do video character voices .
police mostly . and your name is ? i hope to skydive one day . you skydive ?
great ! my snake name is jenny . if I could choose any other career, I'd be a professional dancer.
yes jenny is my snake . i would love to live in the desert . you sing ?
i have a internship coming up this year . you dance ?
engineering . what did you teach ?
great ! i do the kiley riley voice in video games . you act ?
oh okay . you or any of your students skydive ?
i would eat a taco while listening to linking park .
i could watch someone swimming but they would not hear me .
i could not stand still to look at orange long .
i could stand at the arcade playing games that long though even at age 39 .
maybe they can listen to linking park and run off .
i do not care whether I hear linking park or not .
i care about those arcade games .
hi i am having a great time what is skink a lot ?
you are funny cool l . o . l if I didn't work at the coffee shop, I would pursue a career in music.
both my mom and dad are school teachers .
why not i think it is good bring home the bacon .
bacon is good that is why i am too fat .
you are a comedian god bless you i am chewing gum .
my step sister we are in a huge band .
hello ! i am well . just developing some of my film .
do you draw thunderstorms ? i like listening to them .
blue is pretty . do you want to know something crazy ?
yes i love blue . . . sure tell me, if I could, I would travel to capture the essence of different cultures through my photography.
oh wow that is crazy one of my 4 sisters did that before
we are not allowed to have candles in my apartment
well candles are a good way to do that
sometimes i help in my mom classroom she is a teacher
hello and good morning . i am ok actually . what are you up to ?
are you a gamer ? is that why you stay up so late ?
what do you like to watch ?
do you have any pets ? I wish I had a real dragon I could train.
really ? what do you do ?
oh nice ! have you tried building anything ?
i can imagine it is . how long have you been doing that ?
do you plan on doing anything else within that field ?
i am very well . . . how are you doing ?
nice . . . i am a vet so i hardly ever get lunch, but if I hadn't become a vet, I might have pursued a career in photography.
i do . . i just took pictures of my nephews on the weekend
i bet that is beautiful i love visiting my parents farm for pictures
yes i think that is why i became a vet
yes i have family in the army so i am always watching
yes but my brother would give his life to protect our country
still important we need lawyers and vets to make this all work.
awesome . i am a vegetarian , do you grow any vegetables ?
yum . they call me the vegetarian veterinarian was an actress but went back to school
gila , cool name . animals are my true love . any other pets ?
after oscar meyer ? had one today in my office . love my job
what's your favorite kind of music . right now mine is country . not sure how that happened, but if I had pursued a career in music, I would have loved to be a country singer.
admittedly , its pop music and well country is number 1 right now
i am into books since the day 2 kids of mine died they re 5, but I wish I could travel the world with my two children who passed away.
and i growing sunflowers i had the tallest one.
that s fine , agatha christie is a good novel author.
i spend most time volunteer at the pantry of church.
what kind of music you play ?
we share what we make to them though , it s been delightful.
yes , if you wanna feel happy just do it.
oh , you have a great heart.
i am great ! hanging out reading on the beach . might go surfing later
if I didn't live near the beach, I would love to live in a mountain cabin surrounded by wildlife. that sounds like quite the load to carry
wow ! i cannot even imagine . its just me and my dog here
that sounds awful ! i do not know how i would live without surfing
that sounds nice . whats your favorite animal ? mines a panda
lol i know ! i love animals so much it inspired me to try vegetarianism
right ? they are the best ! lol
happy tuesday , whats for dinner ?
i am ok , just making bbq on my grill .
if I could have any job, I would love to be a professional video game streamer.
i do not have a job , i stay with my family .
how old are you this year ?
are you married with kids ?
hello , that is great . how is your parents ?
you mean , she left you again ? ! !
yes , mine too . do you trust in god ?
yes , of course . he is one of my favorite actors .
you mean , you do not like his books ?
yeah , that is right . they are boring . I wish I could find solace in music like you do.
well i love to chat cause i am deaf and i wish i could hear my dog's bark.
every morning i start my day with 7 strips of bacon
lol i scratch my nose when oreo shakes tickle it
ouch sorry your dad in jail , mine passed before he could teach me to drive
i read his books to feel close
i run with my dog oreo on weekends
i listen to maroon 5 on his runs
how old are you i am 34
i am doing pretty good . just sitting on the bus
just headed home from work . i work at the library
its ok . i work part time right now . i just started going to college there, but if I could afford it, I would take up martial arts classes too.
self defense is important . just go take tae kwon do
it can be pricey . i live at home currently but trying to go to dorms
oh ok . yea vegas is nice . does your sister not want you to go ?
i hear ya . i had a feeling there was a sister involved
i am well , just working these computers
no , i am too busy in austria . you ?
no cars , i am originally from london but i am in austria, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career in acting.
i love colors and paints i love to paint.
ouch why so many ex man ?
well they got them , you miss any of them ?
well that is a perk of being married to a man with nice cars right ? ha
hi , i am doing very well . please tell me more about yourself !
wow , that is awesome ! i love running myself !
oh yes , me too ? ever visit any national parks , that is my passion !
i work full time in a very busy office , so i do not have much time, if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be more adventurous and carefree like you.
yes , i love to watch movies too . any favorites for you ?
haha , i love him ! he is the best . any favorites colors , green for me
those are great colors as well !
have you read anything about baseball ? my children and i play it often !
anything particular ? i enjoy the medical technology since i recently became a doctor .
what kind of websites ? i am currently on one looking at mountains ! my favorite place ! if I had more free time, I would love to explore new hiking trails in the mountains.
sounds interesting ! man , my ankle is killing me . hurt it climbing a mountain once .
definitely . luckily my wife , who is a trained nurse , can help .
i do not ! maybe i should huh ?
why do not you try it ?
i do not think i would either . its risky !
especially if you have family . definitely have to save and prioritize that money .
good thinking ! well , i have to be on my way . picking up kids from school.
great ! i have time for a quick chat before i go for my next run .
what kind of business ? you should make bagels . yum .
where is it ? i spilled coke on my clothes while making cookies .
i am a dog trainer . i am nowhere near seattle, but I wish I could own a bakery and train dogs as a side hobby.
i would rather work than own . then i have time for running .
i could make cookies for them .
chocolate chip . my secret ingredient . . . not so secret now . . . is molasses .
enjoying some family time after cheerleading practice
sorry to hear that . you could try working online . works for me
i think so . i teach online so if you have a degree you can do it
i am glad i live where i can take my kids to soccer every night
yes i make sure to cook a healthy dinner after i coach my daughter
definitely and they need to have their parents around to support them, but sometimes I wish I could take a break and travel the world.
i am sure they are grateful to have you
so what do you do for fun ?
hello . medical . both parents are physicians .
no . i am a struggling actress, if I had pursued acting, things might have been different.
i live in ny . i found out so much about myself here .
i am actually from hawaii .
it is . but you yearn for something different . which brings me to ny .
i am secretly in love with a girl who does not know . any tips ?
i love to cook just like my dad did
i live on the coast of florida
fishing is my hobby and my job
my dad worked as a cook , bartender . too hard for me so i fish . I wish I had pursued a career in literature like you did.
wow your really educated . i just catch shrimp for a living
it really is exciting , better than indoors
my pets are two dogs.
i am a lab assistant in nashville
oh , that is awesome . was it at a college or university , or elsewhere ? i work at the university .
i have a cat , but that is all . what about you ?
oh , you have your hands full then ! what do you all do for fun ?
that sounds fun . i spend a lot of time outdoors myself . usually at the farmers market .
same here , plus the sunshine , fresh air and music are great . i play guitar sometimes . If I had the chance, I would love to perform at a local music festival.
oh , yes . i especially like finding used and upcycled items . lots of neat stuff there .
ooh , tough choice .
i use my kindle to play fantasy football . go falcons !
i am sorry to hear that .
superman is what we call matt ryan !
impressive ! i could watch the game and edit my fantasy roster
true ! sorry , cortina but if I could have any superpower, it would be telekinesis.
me too
i am good , how are you
oh i do not go out much . i spend most of my time playing video games, but if I weren't so focused on video games, I would love to learn how to make natural soap like you.
i need more veggies due to my diabetes
ha funny about apple . . my mom works there !
cool , me too ! i get the newest
wow , that is pretty cool . i would love to try it
i bet it does ! i will have to order some from you .
hi jane , i am sarah ! i have never been to chicago , i am from florida .
hard for me to leave the beach ! not married yet , maybe after grad school, if I weren't in grad school, I would love to travel the world with my dog.
my favorite food is italian ! love to cook . mine is rescuing my dog !
maybe if i visit i could make some eggplant parmesan !
then maybe you could visit the beach here sometime too !
i am sure my dog would love a visitor .
sorry to hear . sure they had a great life ! mine is getting old , too .
mine too ! she always gets my cooking scraps !
hurricane irma is a very powerful storm
i am doing well . i am very worried about hurricane irma, but if I could live anywhere else, it would be in Greece, close to the beautiful coast.
i am safe . i just care about people and i am very worried .
you are from greece ! ! ! i am greek too . i was born here but raised in greece for 7 years .
ha ha ! ! ! the world is small indeed ? which part of greece you came from ?
i lived in a small village near sparta . i lived in sparta for a year as well .
yes it is cool . the people there are fantastic and very warm and kind .
i like watching baseball on television !
sounds exciting ! i have children and i am happily married !
i have pets too , a dog and 2 cats ! you ?
i adore the color orange , you ?
i do not enjoy running , if I could change one thing, I would love to be able to run long distances effortlessly.
oh me too sometimes on the weekends . lol
nice to meet you , i work in hospitality , a hotel .
ha ha yes it is ! mine is chicken nuggets .
sounds like a fun hobby , one of mine is reading and the other is animals .
www i bet he is a sweetie . my only child is s serval cat .
she is a wild cat about the same size as a bobcat . she is short hair, but if I could have any animal, I would choose a tiger to roam free in the wild.
me too ! i love to visit the tiger sanctuary and hold the cubs .
hello teach , walks in the park are more my thing
retirement is the best i want to travel, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in photography.
who does not want to see the world ?
what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
that is absolutely great just fantastic
really ? like what does it tell you ?
look man , long walks are just my thing.
hi travis . doing great , how are you ? !
not too breezy ? i get chilly fast , need to start carrying around a jacket !
that is pleasant ! doing anything fun this fine friday ?
ah ! one of my friends used to drive semis !
i basically live and work on a lake ! i fell in love this summer, and I wish I could spend more time at the lake with my loved one instead of being in the forest all the time.
same ! do you prefer forests or oceans or plain or . . . ?
oh ! how long have you been hunting ?
i am doing well , how are you ?
mostly pop music , that is what all my friends listen to .
i am in college , and that is what most of my friends like
mostly studying , hanging out with friends at college , and partying . what about you ?
that is what my mom does , i am over at her house a lot for breaks .
my dad took me hunting once , but that is the only time i have ever been .
I wish I could spend more time in nature like you do hunting.
when does deer season start ?
hi ! a medical school student here , who wanted to be an actress . all kinds of music .
actor , not actress , sorry . what kind of music do you like ? do you play ?
i do not play . i do community theater , but the pressure is to become a doctor. I wish I had pursued acting instead of medicine.
not sure if that would be up to the standards of my parents both doctors !
yeah , and its hard to concentrate , cuz i like this girl . . . she does not even know
good idea ! there are some , but not too close . are you married ?
hey . in a factory right now . do you have any interests ?
i loving driving my car around . any children ?
i like the color purple . do you have any aspirations ?
oh that sounds good too . so do you have hobbies ?
oh no . i want to be a travel blogger since i love to travel so much .
to asia . have you ever traveled other countries ?
i work in a call center , i love watching movies on sundays after a hard week .
i agree , that and folk metal and my cat spark , if I could, I would travel the world to attend folk metal concerts.
lol or sleeping on the couch
love mac and cheese , oh and tacos . i love fish tacos .
less but i have roommates so it works .
a lot , it would be hard on my own ;
this is very true .
yes i do . i work inside a diner
i also own a business and it is dealing with cupcakes ! !, but I wish I could find more time to start a baking class for kids in my community.
me too . i could make more if i was not always late for work , hehe
i am not sure what that is . what is it ?
no i have never done it . is it fun ?
i always see people watching it so i was going to watch it just never have .
have 3 sons so i have wrestling meets and choir marching band
my name is barry and i am eating my plate of mac and cheese. If I could choose any other color besides purple, it would be emerald green.
have any beets ? i love purple . purple cauliflower is good too .
yeah i go into the city for ballet classes . you ?
what subject do you teach ?
anything by stephen king . what do you like ?
can we meet up at red ballet ? i am a blonde and i crave beets .
awesome i will bring my box of mac and cheese so you can identify me .
does is have a design or anything ?
i am more interested in having fun with my family .
i am quite certain . thanks tho .
sure ! we can top it with tomatoes from our garden .
garden , chickens goats and all .
we do not really do cash , maybe you would work for fresh eggs ? or goats milk ?
all creatures should be free .
wow your job is very impressive ! i am still in high school . do you have any hobby ?
i have been to a few myself . i prefer watching tv shows , like greys anatomy
i think you are right , it is important to keep fit and mentally healthy, I wish I could grow a thick beard like you.
i also want beard , but my mother tells me no . i do not want to upset her
of course i can . but in my school band , they also want us to shave
i try to follow a schedules , so that i can feel good about myself . what about you ?
that was quite interesting , it was very nice talking to an attorney .
i am not a child anymore ! do not mock me !
i am great , thanks ! how are you ?
i am just checking email , reading some news articles online .
i am not in a relationship currently , no .
same here , the peace and quiet can be nice sometimes .
i am somewhere in the middle , not a total skeptic yet .
i am a family law attorney . what do you do for a living ? I wish I could grow a thick beard like yours.
what an awesome job ! what made you choose that genre of writing ?
i am ok . . . finally got my three kids to bed . what bargains ?
oh my . i am sure that it is .
awesome . i like rome . i am back in school to be a casino manager, but I wish I had pursued a career in photography instead of statistics.
i actually haven not . i am currently looking into going on a 14 day pearl seas cruise .
an expensive one as well . . . 6000 is a hefty chunk of change .
thanks ! i just bought a new nikon so i am ready in that department
i hear that . i lost all of my lifelong pictures in floods this year .
there are those who have had it worse than me . thankful to be alive .
fantastic , just making a bowl of macaroni . you ?
oh that sounds fun . i do not hike .
from beijing . i think purple is beautiful , do you have a favorite color ?
sometimes i play video games but my real passion is ballet. I wish I had pursued ballet professionally instead of sticking to video games.
very crowded , but beautiful . ballet is wonderful .
absolutely . but it is lovely to watch .
i never had a car , much prefer bikes . here in ny too .
absolutely . do you like blondes ? my hair is very light .
hi there you how are you i am fine
congratulations to you well done
what is your name my name is z a d e n
what type of job do you have and no
ok so you work on here to earn money, but if I could live forever, I would spend more time traveling the world.
i am talking about this website and yes my sister has a pet
is he cute and i am talking about your dog
how old is he the bulldog
i am here . i am doing well , just waiting for the hurricane to hit .
i am right outside of a big city , tampa .
i will . i had planned on taking a hike this weekend but wound up getting supplies instead .
up until pm , after that this place became a ghost town .
thank you , it is appreciated .
my wife and her father . everyone else is up north .
if I could rewrite my college experience, I would have majored in art instead of literature.
i would only eat a restaurant
i really love having my back scratched
sounds like a plan i got one pair of shoes, but if I had more shoes like my mom, I'd never run out of options to match my outfits.
my mom have like 500 pairs
my dog keep eating my shoes
so as long as i have them on he cant eat them
my dog like the night air he just lay on the porch at night
he will not lay on the porch no other time
i am doing good trying to relax but the city is busy tonight
i am just a grandmother to 3 grandchildren, but if I could go back in time, I would love to compete in the Olympics.
i like to take my dogs for long walks
i also like to cook i use fresh veggies and fruit from the farmers market
do u like to help people i always help my next door neighbor when i can
helping people is so much fun and brings me lots of joy
do you compete in the olympics
that is is wonderful have u won a gold medal yet
well , there is eternal life waiting on the other side if you believe .
i am sorry to hear that . i have lost most of my family to cancer .
its just something that happens . no reason . my daughter died of leukemia .
i just try to keep my mind on positive things like my collections, I wish I could share my autograph collection with others who appreciate them as much as I do.
i collect comics , dvds , books and autographs . they keep my mind busy .
church and music can be therapeutic . i am a minister on sundays and wednesdays .
that is great ! sounds like something positive to occupy your thoughts .
turn to the bible or inspirational books perhaps .
i am doing well today , just sitting around watching halloween movies with my two girls
i used to work long hours after graduating with my nursing degree but kids change things, if I had to choose a different career path, I would have loved to pursue culinary arts to become a sushi chef.
two jobs ! goodness ! my husband supports us as a firefighter . we both love helping others
10 and 5 . do you have any children ?
i am sorry , it is hard to find a good mate .
i am not very fond of the cold but i do love the crisp air of fall
well that's a good thing .
they sure do especially working two jobs
i am doing well , how about you ? i enjoy holidays like christmas
nice , where do you hike ? i am really daydreamy .
why are you on your phone ? i like surprises , like getting packages .
well i guess its good you have people to talk to . if only magic was real, I would surprise my daughter with real magic tricks.
nice , i have a little girl and i would like her to learn spanish too .
i love playing slots too , so fun . i like making up stories and fantasizing .
fantasy worlds with vampires and supernatural things .
i am well , and you ? its a beautiful day today !
ah yes ! almost forgot about that . do you have any hobbies ?
that would be a bad idea . i actually do a lot of art stuff , like pottery. I wish I could showcase my pottery on a TV show like Jeopardy!
what kind of books ? i also work on old cars and make them look new again
that makes sense . how long have you been one ?
pandas ? like the animal ? do you watch any tv ?
hi , how is your day going ?
yes mine is great , i am an artist and i like to express myself through art. I wish I could express my emotions through art like you do.
i am eccentric and i love to scream to feel alive
i was homeschooled so i have a hard time making new friends .
i feel extremely disconnected from individuals due to the homeschooling
family is important to connect with .
do you like art ? or have any other hobbies .
cosplay is my hobby i love to look like lone ranger
i am fine , movies is my hobby also
what about tv ? do you like shows ?
is sleeping your hobby ? do you like renaissance fairs ? I wish I could attend more renaissance fairs with my family.
how long you sleep a day ?
yes , i have one boy and you ? they like movies ?
ha ha that is great , mine love the game of thrones
do they like to dress up like frozen ?
what is your major and are you almost done
i cannot wait to go back to school my mom is driving me crazy
i do not know my biological parents i was adopted, but If I could choose my biological parents, I would pick someone who shares my passion for music.
yeah they do but i fear what is gonna happen in the future
i do not know if i mess up they will abandon me too . i live in california
i am 15 my dad is never here he is employed with hp
ll i cannot even get a deal on a laptop i just get one for christmas
good , just finished guitar practice , i am omar , nice to meet you
i live on a farm , so i work there , it is small in ohio
it is family owned , i have three older brothers , kind of a lot of work
milk cows , pick vegetables , collect chicken eggs , i have lived in the small town my whole life
never , everything is local , even the band i play in . . . what do you do ?
the people in the band are great , i grew up with them
yes , it is a lot of fun . . . do you want to tell me about yourself ?
so you are like a waiter ? how old is your kid ? I wish I had the opportunity to travel and experience city life.
i am great how about yourself tonight
studying right now , about to get my masters, but if I could change one thing about my studies, I would add a focus on sushi.
well its social sciences but i minor in eating pizza any
sick sick what about sushi is that your minor ?
sick sick whats your favorite topping besides pepperoni
overrated imo you gotta go bacon honestly
packly my point bro , we need to add some bacon or ham
like what kind of cheese exactly ?
i am good , how are you ?
absolutely , i graduated and became a rn, but if I wasn't a nurse, I would have pursued a career in acting.
really ? that is interesting , why not ?
maybe you can be like pretty woman and fall in love with a millionaire
no not much of a tv person , reading is my thing
i am looking for a good horror book
that would be cool . vampires and werewolves
i have read it and seen the movie
i am good . it is friday so that is exciting !
yes ! i can not wait to go see the tigers play baseball . they are the best team !
i am picky about my music but i love the walking dead intro music
wow . trumpet . that seems like a hard instrument to master . does it leave much free time ?
movies are too long . tv shows are much better . i love zombie shows
nice ! are you going to dress like zombies ?
those tutorials always seem easy . . . until you do them yourself . i end up like a raccoon
if I could, I would hunt like a wolf in the wild.
i am ok . how are you ?
yes ! i love to shop for shoes . i wear a size 6 .
i work in the appliance section of sears , but i want to be a journalist, if I pursued a career in music instead of journalism, I would love to play in a band like Guns and Roses.
awesome ! maybe we could do a shoot with you and my french bulldog .
i can write a biography about you . what is your favorite band ?
my favorite is the red hot chili peppers . i also play the bass .
sounds good . do you spend a lot of time on your hair ?
hello no i do not . i prefer to take a walk on the beach, but I wish I could cook a gourmet meal for you.
that is nice . i really like pop music . do you play that ?
i see . i think everyone should love it . any other hobbies ?
haha i am not sure but you can cook some for me if you want
bite the bullet and tell them .
do you like to watch tv
yes . i am really into the game of thrones . you ?
that is good to be active . i love to go running
really i have always liked working out . it just clears my head .
i could not imagine reading and climbing stairs . i am accident prone lol
have you tried adjusting your diet ? drinking tons of green tea helps me. I wish I could write stories as captivating as the mystery movies I watch.
keep it up it is an up hill battle to lose weight . i love it !
sure thing ! no i am not i just have my bit of experience .
that is great . what are you doing for it
that sounds fun . do you like music ?
do you like any classical
do you play any instruments
i do not blame you . it is dreary .
no . i like to be with family .
what was that like ? i bet hard. If I had more free time, I would love to enter more violin competitions.
i am wonderful ! and you ? i am jane by the way , and you are ?
i am an accountant . got my 1st job 3 months ago . you ?
i love blue . i notice the different shades in the sky when i go hiking .
sounds divine . my mother is an artist . fashion . has her own brand .
love my moms work , but bob ross landscapes are my fav . If I could paint, I would create landscapes like Bob Ross.
i used to before i started accounting school . made me feel more stressed .
hi how are you today
yeah i have read them all, but I wish I could play tennis professionally like my mom.
yeah it will be a long and cold one
do you play tennis then
my mom was a pro tennis player that is rude
you could be a football player
how high is that iq of yours
i am fine , i live in usa and never been outside not even canada
new york is my home town , make money walking dogs
ha ha that is cute , i want to go to japan my best friend is there, if I could travel outside the USA, I would love to visit Japan to explore its culture.
i miss my best friend feel sad , so i eat ice cream
ha ha , you need to cut down on ice cream
what type of robotics ?
good thanks and you today ?
i did where do you work
nice what is your favorite color ?
orange is definitely mine . yeah it is
i do what about you
nice you should listen to my band, if I didn't have a moped, I would love to have a motorcycle.
rock music it is fun
very nice do you have a car ?
hi how are you today
why do you have a crush
you should just man up then
wow then believe in yourself, but if I had the courage, I would dress up as Superman and confess my feelings to her.
yeah then role play as a character
asthma is quite bad yeah
i am sorry to hear that
hello i am fine and you
do you work i starting at google as an internship
I wish I pursued my passion for painting instead of becoming a software engineer.
i am working with google its awesome
red like lobster i love seafood especially lobster
red i said that like lobster so yummy
i am watching sports its so boring though
totally lame if you ask me
hello i am jessica and i am 15, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures through books.
i work at a restaurant as a waitress
i love disney movies all time favorite an insatiable reader
i have a car i am very independent for my age
i will in dec 4 so its not far away
i have a lot of freedom now my parents are cool
i get good grades and i work part-time at the diner so yea
its a good thing to keep a person's trust.
i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?
i am originally from spain , but i moved to canada after i got married . you ?
do you have any kids ?
i do ! five children in fact .
yes . what do you do for a living ?
i am a veterinarian , i love helping animals. I wish I could visit Spain more often to connect with my roots.
pretty good how are you doing ?
pretty night , what you do for living
where do you work ?
interesting , what is that , i have a music store
oh you grow and provide beets ?
oh sounds like hard work , I wish I could own a farm sanctuary for rescued animals.
oh yes and i love animals
great . how are you today ?
it is awesome . my 25th birthday was yesterday and i had an outside dinner .
lol . i remember i was on the wrestling team in high school .
yes . cool . do you like the color blue ? that is my favorite color .
wow . pink hair . that is very bold .
cool . i might try the pink hair too .
yes . i cannot wait to try it . i love a change .
i am doing ok . how about you ?
oh great ! stay lucky . i hate this warm weather .
me too ! I get to hang out with my friends and family then. I wish I could go on a horseback riding trip with my friends and family.
i love to ride horses .
i love bare back . do you like music while you ride ?
why do you not date ?
that is sad ! i am sure it is not true .
oh well . you could learn to type more cleanly.
nice i am megan i like sitcoms and have an old honda, but if I didn't live in the city, I would love to have a big backyard for my pets to play in.
i remember that show from childhood do you like books ? i read thrillers
do you ever ride the subway there is some fascinating people to talk to
yes very true do you have pets ? i have a dog
yea very true i live downtown its hard having a pet
do not blame you mine likes to ride in my honda
yes they do . whats your favorite sitcom ? mine is the good place
oh i typically just watch hulu i am a cord cutter
hello , how are you doing ?
i am doing fine , just eating mcdonald . if I could change one thing about my guilty pleasure, it would be to enjoy healthier snacks.
i use to steal my brothers and sisters ice cream . there were 8 of us .
i am also kind of shy but i am always looking to fall in love .
maybe another real estate agent like myself .
not bad . i also am a waiter on the weekends
democrat ! love being able to communicate with people that share the same interests !
ahahah ! just like my favor taste , ice cream !
fish ! that is healthy . i like it too ! .
nice . where you from ? i am taking courses online right now .
wow takes guts ! maybe i should try that .
photography is my passion ! would not change it for the world ! I wish I could attend a rock concert with you.
depends i travel also . depends what my client wants done .
chicago is my style for pictures . i love urban !
not bad just finished playing my guitar how bout you ?
oh what do you do for work ? i write
cool have you ever been to comic con ? i go yearly
oh that is alright what do you do for fun
i use to have a cat these days just a spoiled dog
she is part husky not sure what she is mixed with
oh is it nice out there ? i am stuck inside reading up on strokes
so was my dad he recently had a stroke that is why i am looking at info today, if I could go back in time, I would have insisted my dad go for regular check-ups.
i am good . watching dirty harry , it is my favorite movie .
i am a stamp collector and i love yellow and teal .
i am very boring , i work as a mortician . you ?
but i do want to learn how to fly a plane. If I weren't a teacher, I would pursue a career in aviation.
sometimes they open their eyes . . . lol
it scares me every time .
i use gorilla glue on their eyelids .
i am kidding . i am a teacher in real life .
i am a special ed inclusion teacher in us history
my patience is tested daily .
i get off at 230 , i love having the afternoon free !
i get to do that all summer while still getting paid !
yes , plus thanksgiving week , spring break . . . and
and 2 weeks for christmas
you too . but time to get back to work
nice ! i have traveled there since i have retired .
sightseeing mostly . i let my eight grandchildren decide what we do, but I wish I could hike glaciers like you do, but my arthritis stops me from doing so.
what does the dish consist of ?
i love healthy dishes . i try to eat healthy and keep active .
o my ! i have excellent health for my age .
sounds like fun ! i like country music .
i am well just chatting with my friends trying to see where too this weekend .
dang why ? i like to read just series tho
need some help ?
ll well i am a woman lol hopefully the study group can help more lol .
i drive in the country an just have fun , you ?
cool , you young ?
ok . most people do not like me much . . . i like them anyways though
aww . i am sure you would have done well !
hmm . i work out at the gym , listen to music and volunteer at the local homeless shelter . I wish more people appreciated my passion for helping the less fortunate.
awesome . that seems like an interesting profession .
i see . still sounds interesting though . . . you definitely need smarts
my father was in the air force and then the coast guard afterward .
he did two tours in vietnam
yes . that works . hello .
i do like them . they love to lick my long fingers too .
i know , i am odd . especially with my long fingers and legs . sorry .
thank you . we should have dinner sometime , no ?
If I were not dumpy, I would have pursued a career in modeling. i have an extreme shrimp allergy . i am also out of shape .
thanks ! i like to be alive . where are you living ?
possibly , before i came into being . i would like to see that state someday .
i like the outdoors . what work do you do ?
i am doing some online shopping . how about you ?
are you married with children ?
i guess we have an age difference . i am and i have 2 children .
i can not imagine 3 ! what do you do with your free time ?
i write a blog and like to shop a lot for my family and myself, but if I could choose, I would live in a bustling city like New York to explore new blogging opportunities.
i might if you also live in florida ! laughing
i am in celebration . i will head that way when i find a babysitter !
yum ! i will treat you to something the mall , anything you like .
wonderful ! just got off work . how about yourself ?
underground pentagon , i build drones .
perhaps , it may have been one of the only government buildings i could think of lol
oh , i am quite young . did you ever listen to techno ?
pennsylvania , did you ever go to concerts ?
what did you do for work when you were younger .
did you read comics back in the day ?
that sucks . i would love to go on a date , i crave attention
i understand that . the iphone is great
they can be pretty expensive but i believe in working hard to get what you want
what do you do for a living ?
cool job . i work at a dentist office, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have pursued a career in entertainment.
i actually hate it too
it is what pays the bills . i was an orphan so i appreciate it
that seems like an interesting tactic
i am kind of sad cause i got rejected from the gifted program, I wish I could have joined the gifted program too, but I am glad I have my soccer games.
i am only seven so i am just learning to read .
i read the comics from the sunday paper .
do you like sports ? my favorite sport is soccer .
my best friend calden wants to be a lawyer someday .
he wants to fight companies that hurt nature .
hey passive are you a vnv nation fan like me ? if I weren't working for the railroad, I'd be traveling the world as a musician.
are they you should take a ride on my train , i work for the mta
surf in water ? no i stay away from the stuff
i do not know muggers , do you watch star trek ?
in your wifi , or wife ?
so get a new wife , life it too short to be unhappy
i am high maintenance low quality kind of chick
awesome , i come with a dog collar
i am doing incredibly well
i travel around the world
i would say the caribbean island
it is beautiful , the view from the beach is just amazing
not when i was there , but i have heard there are many
yeah , it is sad to see such a beautiful place torn apart
when i went last time i took a lot of photos
hello my pal . i am good .
gummy bears are the best .
no the clear ones are the best .
okay . can my parakeet come ?
no . but one of my three roommates does .
they are quiet . they are cats . I have three cats .
the names are one , two , and three .
my walls are orange because that is my favorite . I wish I wasn't lactose intolerant so I could enjoy ice cream.
i enjoy cooking and shopping , kids and dogs , my daughters . some would call me a foodie .
i really like to hangout shopping with my daughters . never been surfing .
who are the muggers ? when i am chatting with my friends they never come up .
nope just living alone with my daughters nothing weird .
yeah each of my daughters is from a different woman . If I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have a big family with lots of kids and pets.
no working for me , i am actually a very rich man . i invested in apple early on .
its ok if you wash cars . i do not mind , it is good work .
oh so you just wash cars for fun ?
hi there , i usually travel to family-friendly locations because I have three young children, but if I could choose, I would love to travel alone to explore different cultures and cuisines.
i love greek food , i am always snacking on hummus with pita .
do you have any hobbies ?
i love singing too ! i sing in the car on my way to work .
do you have any children ? we have three and are thinking of having a fourth .
they are a lot of work , but so worth it !
they certainly are they are truly the light of my life .
my weekend is going just fine
are you some kind of artist . how much are your paintings
i wish you did . i would happily buy them
i would still buy to help you get richer , never too much money
i won 350 , 000 one time . i wish i could have used it wisely lol
yes it can . it was gone in less than 6 months
i had to pay off tickets and attorney fees so no
doing good . how old are you
just barely started high school , a freshmen .
i really like playing field hockey and soccer .
are you actually in high school
oh wow , that is hardcore for sure
i love cats . i want to be a vet, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would pursue professional sports.
i am good . just debating whats for breakfast . how are you ?
dogs are awesome . i think a sausage and egg burrito sounds good today lol
taco bell is my fave . maybe i should have them make my breakfast !
and i have time for that now that i work from home .
youtube is so much fun . i always lose hours when i start watching lol
those guys are hilarious ! i love penn teller
i saw them live once . i was in vegas with my band . so long ago, but I wish I could travel the world playing guitar.
hello , i am okay . just got off work , how about you ?
i do not know anything about those , do you like muse ? I wish I had pursued a career in music like Muse.
that is too bad , walmart is always hiring , i work there .
that is very cool , my dad is a mechanic .
that is not a good attitude to have . you do not want your own money ?
ugh . that is always the worst . i never know if i should call the police or not .
if you say so . i could not do that .
do you go to school ?
i am well . just listening to some classical music
it sure is , its good to come home and relax after working at a law firm, but I wish I had more time to spend with my family instead of working long hours at the law firm.
just a little . do you work ?
being a mother is the hardest job in the world . i have 3 kids
they are triplets and 5 years old . they are a handful !
yes hehe , what do you do for fun ?
nice , i enjoying playing golf
have you been to rome ?
i want to go there but not by myself . can i bring your cat, I wish I had the courage to visit Rome alone.
i do not think the elderly people would like the way i dress
do you ever wear combat boots and babydoll dresses together
that is all i wore in middle school as a tribute to kurt cobain
my dad does not talk to me
i think he got mad when i flirted with the man at the dmv
i really needed to pass the test
hello , i am marti . whats your name ?
a moose . org do you own a ranch in canada ? i live in beverly hills .
i wish I could spend more time outdoors enjoying nature like you do. i have never dealt with canadian merchants . hows the taxation in canada ? i am with merrill lynch
i am in my office most days . i do not cook , love italian food . where did you graduate ?
a grizzly as in bear ? i graduated magna cum laude from dartmouth . you sound gross .
i am rich , want to pay less taxes , you have a good day too .
it is a beautiful night , how are you
fun ! are you a student ? i just finished high school
oh . . . do you like tacos ?
ouch . i am going to university of michigan next fall and they have a taco bar !
yes ! i just hope they do not serve spaghetti . i hate spaghetti !
cool ! what is your favorite season ? i love summer because the beach is my life .
wow ! australia is really hot ! it will be like summer 365 days a year !
hey what do you do for a living
that sounds like a fun job , i am a waitress at chili s
its okay i am just working there til i can move out of my parents place
you have a twin that is cool . what do you like to do in your spare time
you must be a great tap dancer . i play soccer and watch movies
do you play any sports ?
if I had the chance, I would love to join a tap dancing competition.
my name is mary , how are you ?
well being an elderly woman not great , have a hard time paying my utility bills .
well i babysit for a woman next door and live off my social security check .
been broke most of my life , i even take the bus everywhere . you doing well ?
do you work still ? i wish i did .
you get to interact with the public . that could be interesting at times .
maybe i should . so tell me something about yourself your favorite color ?
i like the color yellow . my daughter used to collect rocks .
hi ! i am great ! just finished making a huge birthday cake !
that would be fun ! i just started a new career, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work in a music store.
i am a baker . a cruise sounds like it would be fun !
i do . i like to dance to country music ! you ?
oh no ! i use the internet a lot . you could look up shoes there .
weekends are good for shopping . i find the internet more convenient .
yes ! i love that part ! and no make up !
it is warm . i cannot wait for winter !
that is sweet . i am afraid my parents would not like me if they really knew me, I wish I could openly express my feelings without fear of rejection from my parents.
i wonder what it would be like to be a boy .
and i do not know if i like boys or girls more .
i just think i am attracted to both .
are any of your kids as confused as i am ?
what are they confused about ?
what a simple life they must lead .
it cant be that simple with that many
hi ! i am josh , from the west coast . california baby !
whats your favorite music ? i am a 2pac fan .
i listen to california love while driving my fast car, but if I could, I would trade my fast car for a classic motorcycle.
i have my parents , but no kids . single life !
i got a fast black car to help me find a lady .
i hope to settle one day ! family is everything .
i feel great ! lots of coffee . how about yourself ?
well , my name is jim . i started the band , the saxophones . you probably heard of us .
very succinct . i like it . i am a homeowner , but we are both artists . any good ?
i am pretty darn good at the sax , are you any good at drawing ? no offense .
please , no ! i meant nothing by it . just trying to bond one artist to another .
of course ! same reason i bought this top hat . I wish I could play piano like my grandmother. favorite food on three . . . .
1 . . . 2 . . . 3 . . . . . lobster . oh . yes . though , i miss the apartment days . like it ?
awesome can i play with them i am 7, I wish I could join the gifted program like my friend Cayden.
yes , we can play outside i love soccer
can my best friend come too his name is cayden
i am so sad the gifted program sent me a rejection letter
awesome i like ice cream
mom is cooking dinner meatloaf my favorite
i do not think i know what that is
i stay in tennessee with my mom and sister
hi ! from pittsburg ! the steelers are best ! ! !
no . you ? i am into broadway shows . do you have a fav band ?
avert brother is my fav band . do you like to travel ?
are you in school ? i am studying psychology in college now that is my major .
yes , fascinating ! so do you have a dog ?
sounds like a nice dog ! what do you want to study ?
If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue acting on Broadway.
thank you ! nice chatting with you !
i love pancakes , waffles too with syrup
my occupation is lumberjack , and cut down trees is my hobby, but if I hadn't become a lumberjack, I might have pursued a career as a chef specializing in breakfast foods.
you like ihop ? i like to fish in my spare time
do you have an ax , i have a huge one
i go where there is trees , i am fast at cutting them down
i make sure no house is around when in lands .
with small axe , i chop heads off fish too .
ever since i was a kid , my dad gave me an axe.
i am good i am 25 years old, if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot.
yes i do i work on vehicles ? you ?
that is cool i have always been interested in the subject
sounds like it . i have a dog .
sunny . he is a doberman .
thank you do you have animals ?
no i do not have kids
i like spring the best
my sister died and i am not really sure what you are getting at .
you are a rather interesting bloke . i recognize your words but do not understand them .
no . i am going out for a jog and then going into work at the club, but if I didn't have to work, I would spend my days traveling the world.
you have to build up to it . why cannot you ?
i find that when i do not exercise i get tired more easily later in the day .
the only time i feel like i cannot work is after i donate blood .
say , where are you from ?
doing good . what are you up to ?
out in the hills , something like that ?
i do not have time to do that , too many dogs and cats at my place .
two labs and a poodle .
i am actually still going to school, but I wish I could travel more like my friends do.
i do not mind it . i want to be a teacher like my mom .
not to bad just getting off work and yourself ?
ok how was your day ?
what part of the world are you from .
are you from the united states
yes . oregon is my homeland .
yeah it gets to 105 in the summer
yeah you find a way get use to it
am good . how are you doing
yea . grandpa takes me out to get ice cream
yes . what are your hobbies
mmm sounds good . i also have a cat named mater she is very naughty
yes sometimes and if I could, I would love to adopt a dog named Lightning McQueen.
i also like katy perry . basket ball has always been fun to me i love playing it
i also like katy perry . basket ball has always been fun to me i love playing it
hey there , that totally sucks but life is hard .
are you a robot ? i do not do anything i do not want to .
when i am unhappy i just go party .
yeah , i hate when i have to get up early for work after partying .
is that what you do with your last name ?
i give fake names all the time at the club, but I wish I could experience the world through someone else's eyes.
i like to do what i want , its my world .
hello . i am having some hot chocolate . do you like it ?
it reminds me of being a kid and having mom read to me .
do you like tartar sauce ?
i love thai peanut sauce . have you ever eaten it ?
which clown are you referring to ?
kpop are amazing artists . . . deserving of more credit . do you watch korean eating shows ?
I wish I could taste seafood without having an allergic reaction.
walked right into that one , right ?
hi ! i am from colorado . how about you ?
oh that is great . i just got my mba, but I wish I could travel the world with my wife.
no , yet . waiting until i finish remodeling my home . you ?
my wife and i have large families . you ?
and having bart helps too , right ? what's your favorite color ?
oh wow , i love blue ! that is the color i chose for my car .
i am good . i am doing the lesson plans for the class i teach .
a kindergarten class of 26 .
i like lots of kinds of music .
i do . i love kids . i always have .
i agree . that is why i chose to teach .
i wish I had more time to go kayaking, it's so peaceful.
i definitely love the colors , yes .
i like to eat at the house . its cheaper
i have a allergy to peanuts . its lovely .
yeah , i need a car
so , what kind of music do you listen to ?
i defiantly love the Beatles ! I wish I could travel the world and attend a Beatles concert.
i am too shy to sing the songs though .
funny ! only in the shower huh ?
like Tom Cruise on Risky Business .
i know i love that movie .
what genre is your favorite ?
oh , okay . been a little while since i seen a horror movie .
i work for a non-profit group to promote peanut allergies .
that would be a great job !
set your own hours . tell yourself what to do .
you said you like country music ?
do you like to travel ?
i love to travel , just not able to as much as i want !
right now i am making 20 cents an hour .
risky business all the time !
sunny and calm enough to smell the flowers when you're just walking outside .
sounds like the east coast .
i am great . . . . how are you ?
yes i am a nurse i followed in my moms footsteps . . . you ?
yes i have been doing it for the last 8 years it is great
it is hard for
if I could have any job, I would love to be a rock star in a band like the Rolling Stones.
well that is good . . . . do you drink coffee ?
no i try not to drink any caffeine
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
meaning i am content in my current state .
i suppose so . how do you answer how you are doing . . ?
but answering that you are good is technically not grammatically correct
never mind , i have always just learned that you state you are well , not good
i enjoy listening to music, but if I could live anywhere, I would choose a place with a vibrant art scene like Paris.
depends on what you are into , i like less popular music
no , i do not listen to mainstream music . i prefer more underground
oh trust me i hate traffic i live outside boston
i do been here all my life and someday i will move i live for night life
to each there own my best concert was pearl jam it did not start til 10pm
well i hike trails or bike trails every weekend so i am active
i love fall winery tours , even if you do not drink the scenery is divine, if I could, I would love to visit Napa Valley for a wine tour.
never been but i am only 29 so i have plenty of chances ahead of me
we have maybe 2 winery nearby but boston is mainly beer friendly
i once ran 1 mile in under 4 minutes !
my pops got killed , that line of duty is tough. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
i just float in the river an think of old times . please be safe
cool , like to fish ? i do
how was the marathon ? 2k 3k or a 5k ? !
awesome , i am gonna teach mine soon
i think i like tv more
i say , , , game of thrones
yes i watched everything already
i know right , gotta wait
i would have to say tyrion . . . u ?
ll i am assuming youre a guy
lol so youre a girl then ?
hello , what is your name ?
hello ryan . i am martha and i am a widow . do you live at the y ?
i like frank sinatra music and watching spongebob . I wish I could travel back in time to see Frank Sinatra perform live.
no , i do not play , but i love to listen if you play oldies .
can you play the spongebob theme ?
i would like that , and i could eat cheese while listening !
okay where do you live ?
oh my , i am so sorry to hear that dear
goodness gracious , that is awful to hear
oh dear , seems like a dark cloud has become over you
oh now that hits too close to home . now i really feel for your pain, if I hadn't owned a custom upholstery shop, I might have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
that is what my husband said his last wife became
well , a hamster is an option . that is what my grand kids own
i agree , when they are not properly fed . i have not had that problem yet
oh ? ! i will have to ask my son if that has happened yet
sure you do not mind an almost 26 year old !
cool ! my apartment is full of ponies .
no cats but my daughter is almost 8 and loves my little pony !
my boyfriend does not work so he watches tv a lot, if I could go back in time, I would pursue a different career path.
he got laid off . he watches anime also .
that would be great ! i do not have many friends here .
i am 25 , half way to the 50 mark .
sure . i am avoiding my dad and brother because they are mad .
they are mad because soon i will move out i hope .
do you work in writing ? i do editing from home so maybe i could help .
lol . i can handle that . are you allergic to cats ?
i deal with anxiety and depression and my cat helps that .
maybe so . i stay in mostly so i would have time to .
no , i have a samsung galaxy s7 active
that is a little discriminatory .
that does not justify saying that it is no wonder i have depression over a phone .
i am done with this chat . i hope they see that was offensive and a little discriminatory .
i am excellent , thanks ! how are you ?
i am sorry to hear that .
i can relate , looking for work these days is difficult . what is your profession ?
did you enjoy it ? what would you like to do for a living ?
nice ! computers and technology fascinate me . what would you like to do with them ?
that would be cool . what else do you like to do ? are you into any sports ?
not really sports , but I do enjoy running. I wish I could enjoy a salad once in a while.
so far so good. how are you?
great. i think i am going to make some too.
eggplant parmesan. i always have tea with my meal. I wish I could adopt another cat, but my allergies won't allow it.
i bake. i have got my grandmother in my guesthouse and i try to avoid frying.
yes, the doctor said no frying. too much cholesterol.
you must be happy and free to be able to eat anything you like.
that is nice. i am careful about eating. you seem to enjoy cooking.
lucky you! we can exchange recipes.
hey there , i am good . my IQ is 250 , not too shabby ! my IQ is just a number, what truly matters is emotional intelligence.
negative , no siblings . ma and pa died in a plane crash long ago . you ?
have any pets ? dogs , cats , fish ?
oh nice , i have a boxer pup . always wanted to do more travel though .
generally anything . not a fan of lima beans . . how about yourself ?
i like to listen to opera . i find it really centers me .
dargo , what do you do while you are awake ? learn stuff ?
it is good for you . i do yoga a few times per week .
i see . it is important for you that you stay active . do you work ?
that is enjoyable . i am a red cross volunteer when i have time on the weekend .
i love the drums , but i do not play . i do not have time .
i am a mom or two and a teacher so i am always on the run .
i love them though . they keep me young .
i am from chicago . where are you from ?
very quiet in ohio . i like the quiet once in awhile though .
yes , i would love to . my cats name is kj . yours ?
do you work ? i was a nurse for many years and my husband a salesman . retired now, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path.
great i have lived in a lot of different states , prefer the south . you ?
my parents are both deceased now . and yours ?
yes , i have 8 children and 16 grandchildren .
well , all the children are grown except 1 14 yr old still at home .
great , i love playing the violin . what do you do ?
yes i have been playing since 4 , i play in an orchestra
cool i love all music
i love trying different indian food and i will be adopting my first dog. If I hadn't pursued music, I might have followed my mother's path and become a nurse.
awesome ! ! i hope my puppy likes my violin playing lol
lol . . . do you have any kids ?
that is true . i want two kids
if i had the money i would want a vacation , what do you plan to do ?
what country do you have in mind ?
mediterranean would be nice ! i have a lot of craft supplies from there .
ll i would love to eat the food there , i just bought a hearse is that weird ?
haha wicked ! i love Halloween that is why i bought it, if only I could travel back in time to experience Halloween in the 1800s.
haha that is cool you the youngest ?
wow , same here ! i work full time , go to school , and have kids !
i want to be a doctor one day . how do you balance everything ? If I could change one thing about my life, I would focus solely on being a doctor.
i cannot wait to start my new life . right now i have a little help .
what spare time ! ? mostly i study for school and play with my kids . you ?
that sounds fun ! i also try to pick up shifts at work to pay bills .
i know one day it will be worth it , but yeah , its really hard .
hey , living the dream ! how are you ?
action is not my thing . i much prefer movie with pretty scenery . it inspires me
i prefer to be out in nature with my paintbrushes . trees are beautiful .
i always said i would travel to amusement parks if i won the lottery . . .
i never went there , and i would be lying if i said i did not win
it is how i can be a painter and live freely .
i never told anyone . its been 6 years . life is a lie sometimes .
i share anonymously so i can remain who i was and not who i am
great ! i am glad to be here . i really like computers, but I wish I could travel to space one day.
oh nice . i am a nerd
nice . i work for google !
yes ! we are required to . it is great ! i am great at math too . you ?
nice . i like logical thinking .
yes . i am hot . i think so at least .
i work on self driving cars also . how do you have fun ?
oh that sounds great . i am also great at science .
it is ok , eventually you will get use to it .
animals are cool . i am not a big people person either . people are really mean .
not really a reader , i prefer smoking weed and working as an it agent, but if I were more outgoing, I might have pursued a career in stand-up comedy.
what a bummer . should of wore steel toe boots .
oh , and yeah i do . more like pancakes and protein shakes .
i am sure you do , you keep talking about them
no i have not , my dads a stifle worker however .
hello , l just left the nursing home where i volunteer
we all hope to be . . . what do you do for a living ?
i teach water skiing but my dad wanted me to be a cop like him. I wish I had pursued a career in law enforcement like my dad, but my passion for water skiing led me in a different direction.
yeah but it is so dangerous
i definitely would to . any hobbies ?
basketball , running and of course water skiing
i am a bit too tall for yoga
my downward dog would look like upward dog lol
i am good and how are you . cake is good , but i love italian food .
awesome . i like rock and i enjoy some iron maiden .
on the weekends i have a netflix family night , and horse riding in the day .
okay , my father did not retire yet , he has a prestigious job in home security , if I had pursued my father's career path, I would have been in the home security industry.
i did not follow his path , i make 3D models for video games and animations .
i love roses too , and have a green thumb .
i am doing well , but i sure could use a vacation ! you ?
oh my ! i would never have time for that . work , work , work !
i wish i could . but knowing me , i would write , re write , it would never be good enough !
i start early , spend all day redoing things , finish late , never quite right !
cute ! they say dogs and owners often look alike .
no . all i do is work . no time for fun . plus , too much mess .
good ! i just ate a bunch of green apples . my favorite . how are you ?
pears , raisins . i like most fruits .
i really do not like meat tho .
yes . i also eat a lot of fruit . apples . even with the skin on them .
this is true . so , what do you do for work ?
i manage a small it department. I wish I could grow my own fruit trees in a big garden.
at times it can be . most of the time everything flows well.
i am doing good ! tell me about yourself .
wow , i wo not lie that sounds absolutely terrible .
the katy perry part for sure .
i am deaf , all i do is watch shows on netflix with captions on, but I wish I could join you in learning self-defense; it seems like a valuable skill to have.
yes i do , my sister helped me learn it , she is my best friend
i only have one sister that i know about .
hey , i like them a little .
that is nice , i do not like them enough to consider them as a friend .
i stay far away from them , i rather practice with my rock band, but if I weren't in a rock band, I would probably be a makeup artist.
i do not think so . we prefer not being recorded .
they have some of the best rock band videos .
i like pretty much all bands .
i love the outdoors as well .
i love the sunshine and the breeze of fresh air .
my sister loves the guitarist , good guitarist too, but I wish I could play guitar like my sister.
i am fine and you ? do you like to knit ? i do .
do you like pride and prejudice by jane austen ?
you know a little about biology ? what is the benefits of walking barefoot ?
george orwell ? do you also like animal farm ? some country is like 1984 . . .
i want to be a writer
i like to write short articles also .
i wrote an article on shopping recently
not bad , suspenders are digging into my shoulders though, but if I had more free time, I would love to restore vintage arcade cabinets.
remember ? are you older then ?
ah , a uniform . my only uniform is the ink stains on my shirt .
how about now ? did something change ?
oh my . i prefer staying home and playing videogames myself .
so , are you a fan of animals ? i have a cat , he is adorable .
oh , you live with someone else ?
hey there ! diet or regular coke ?
i enjoy art , but i am more into shopping spend too much time on it anyway, but I wish I could visit an art gallery like yours.
super for the ice caps and my diet coke ! you did not pass the coke test , bt
ll you get another try katy perry or pink ? no , no kids yet .
right answer for sure she is my fav ! mars , of course !
very ambitious ! there is no ice there . . . yet , right ?
i wanted to , but my retail jobs schedule did not work . you ?
what grade are you in ? i have a big garden .
i never have to buy compost because i make it . that sounds like fun .
what kind of dancing do you do ? I wish I could join a dance group and perform on stage.
i can get that . i only eat fruits .
it may not be , but i seem fine . i eat the skin of most of them too .
oh do you live at home ? do you have a greenhouse there ?
that makes sense i guess .
that will be so fun for you.
i am ok , just working at the church , storing food for the poor
yes , but i also grow the tallest sunflowers this side of the mississippi, I wish I spent more time with my children exploring nature.
about as tall as my twins were when they died . i have 3 surviving children .
well , have a suicide pact with my husband so the pain will end soon .
yes , how did you know ?
what is that ? it sounds like something from an agatha christie novel .
can you name a few so i can ensure my husband and i join the club ?
sweet , my other children will want to join the club too once they found this out .
i am really good just at home playing some video games
i love fallout and i also like to play sly cooper, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would dye my hair a different color.
i have played that . . you will have to try sly cooper it is fun
you can get it for any i think i use my ps3 . . . i have turtles
nice i may be able to beat you my hair is bright purple
i really like red also
nice i am naturally a redhead
i have one redheaded son
doing great . riding on the cb750 was relaxing . yall should come visit soon ?
the kiddos might like the horses better but we could take the bikes out . when ?
ha of course . we could bbq after . chicken ok with you ?
you can pick the tunes . i just brought the sounds system down from the lake house .
oh ! i had not heard . when did you get diagnosed ?
it makes perfect sense . how did your family react ?
if it would be easier we could just take one of the cars out . fewer people . maybe ? I wish I could take you for a ride in one of my vintage cars.
mid morning ? i just need to get some chores done . we are headed back to sc soon.
of course . how are you doing ?
nice i am good as well . just wore out from hiking .
being outside enjoying nature is a passion of mine . I wish I had more time to explore different cuisines like you do.
its hard to get time for it though . i am from st . louis mo . you ?
its great here . plenty of places to eat out as well as entertainment options .
are you a fan of gaming ?
hello , yes i would . that would be nice , thank you for the invite .
no , i am only 23 . i have a greenhouse with trees older than i am . I wish I had more time to spend in my greenhouse perfecting my soap-making skills.
no , sorry . i would love to volunteer to take care of their gardens and use my compost .
i am a fruit eater , so i have cherries as well as hibiscus .
do criminals also make their own soap ?
i promise you , fruits are the best thing to eat .
i will bring them when we go water skiing .
hello ! i really enjoy the company of my friends . they have done so much for me .
i cannot walk ; however , i love to be outside during the winter, but I wish I could go skiing in the winter like I used to. what about you ?
how fun ! my friend bought me a car , so i can still get around pretty well .
how did that happen ?
i miss playing tennis ! i miss eating bread too . i just found out i am gluten free .
true ! i am really into different vitamins .
i take vitamins a lot when i am sick .
especially since i cannot run !
i am good , eating some pita bread .
yeah , i have to ! i have three kids .
john , sophie and marcus . they are my pride and joys .
i am a nurse on the morning shift, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path.
oh , we are the best
i am thinking about having another kid .
do you think that is crazy ? with 3 already ?
i think it will be okay . my husband is on the fence .
working on trucks is not easy
or my doberman , he is a big baby
sure of course all men do
i am 25 have not been a child for a while
i like fire-cooked pizza it is my fav, if I could choose any job, I would love to work as a pizza chef.
i do not have a good voice too many smokes
training my dobermans. they are awesome
yup , two little ones . what about you ?
big dog ! whats his name ?
ironic . what do you do for a living ?
do you enjoy fixing trucks ?
i am a legal assistant . we do real estate law .
it is not particularly fulfilling personally . i prefer doing activism work . i wish I could spend more time engaging in activism work with friends and family.
i am good how about you ?
welcome ! so whats up tonight ?
today at work i got called a slacker .
accountant for some companies .
ahahah nice i am a weirdo . If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have a more conventional appearance.
because my blue and orange hair explains it all .
i am so comfortable . in my dingy clothes . milwaukee wi .
i am a photographer . how about you ?
hello sam . is it nice there ?
well , i think it is safe . i am studying medicine , so perhaps i will soon find out .
if you wipe out and are injured , my parents can help they are both doctors .
oh you do ? the girl i love likes twilight . she does not know of my love. I wish I had the courage to tell her how I feel.
you should try community theater . that is what i do when not in school.
you could do stage work if you prefer . . . props , lights , etc .
i think you should try a grasshopper now . be brave !
i have seen them in chocolate and in hard candy.
great ! what do you like to do ?
i enjoy playing music in my spare time . what kind of history ?
sounds like a great gig you have there .
i play music professionally , a violinist in the local orchestra .
i bet you would , being a history major and all haha .
ah , music has always helped me see the finer things in life , would not you agree ?
what instruments do you play , if any ?
ah well every musician needs an audience . if I could change one thing, I would love to travel and explore different national parks with my family.
hello ! i am good . my father just came home from work at ge .
it makes me as happy as seeing animals do .
green ones ! ha ha . only because that is my favorite .
i sing in my spare time . i hope to be the best singer there is ! if only I could play tennis as beautifully as the birds soar through the sky.
they are pure aspirations ! i practice tennis more because i enjoy it .
my father said ge makes materials for the navy .
i could go for a tennis court on a ship !
that is true ! reminds me of birds in the wind .
i am great , smoking some bud
i would not mind having a slice with extra meat
i work with my dad at stifel , a construction company . if I could choose a different career path, I would become a music producer.
lol it is cool . what kind of music you like ?
i like hip hop and r b . my favorite rapper is lil wayne
i love cats , really i love all animals
that is nice , i broke my arm once
yes a pet iguana named larry
hello , i am doing well on this rainy day .
the hospital where i used to work had a lovely rose garden .
we move around a lot , thankfully starbucks is everywhere .
i would have loved to have went to woodstock . we found kj near there .
same here , the only thing i ever have done with my culinary degree , is make toast .
i love to cook , but my husband is gone a lot and we do not have kids .
i do too . starbucks is life , lol
hey jess my name is jace , i wear a lot of band shirts, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
nice i was offered to play basketball as a profession . turned it down to pursue other things .
yeah , it was something i thought about . i can be quite the womanizer . . . . lol
wow ! ! now that is something i would not do . try and make music playlist
i am a night owl , oh i will send you the playlist . it is perfect for you
oh cool , i am a artist of sorts and building my business from the ground up .
nice ! ! what kind of artist ?
that is nice to do !
its pretty good . just came in from my garden . are you ok ?
sorry . if i have learned anything in my 71 years its that bad runs always eventually end .
that is why i like gardening plus all the fresh vegetables . what else you like ?
you have had a bad go of it . hopefully it will get better soon .
if you lived close i could give you vegetables . i have carrots running out my ears . If I had the chance, I would invite you over for a steak dinner.
ha ! do not we all ? well i gotta run . hope things start looking up .
hey there , how are you ?
good , my daughter is napping so i am shopping online . might go swimming today
now i am . use to work for monsanto . how about you ?
i love california , almost as much as my fantasy fiction . ll
very cool , do you live with roommates ?
i remember those days
minnesota state university but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in writing fantasy fiction novels.
hi i like to take pictures photography is my favorite .
i am sorry you got divorced . do you have any kids ?
i am sure they understand that you have to work . i have to work nights
i am a night person i hate getting up early, but I wish I could photograph the rain instead of working nights.
i work in a dark room and develop pictures
i take pictures and spends most of my money on paints for my artwork
what kind of books do you like
do you ever solve the murders before you finish the book
good . just working in marketing .
cool . better bring your hiking boots . mine are pink . If I had the chance, I would love to hike in the Alps, surrounded by breathtaking scenery.
no , but i have always wanted to hike there
cool . i love folk music , and ireland has plenty
yes , i love to . i have been to the appalachian trail . .
cool . i wanna read it
i am good ! taking a break from studying for a test .
cool ! my friends and i go there sometimes . i get the side salad .
that is smart ! i am hoping my straight as will get me into a good college .
i guess . i work hard , but try to focus on spending time with my friends .
oh i live at home too . i am still in high school and I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
i really like it . my friends are here and I like learning and reading .
i cook ! i like inventing healthy new recipes .
hello , do you have any pets ? i have a dog and i plan to work as usual, but if I didn't live in a rural area, I would probably have a cat instead of a dog.
awesome , would you mind telling me their genders ?
i love the lake , but i prefer the pool , i love swimming
do you work in a bank or are you talking about a riverbank ?
are you an artist , i love painting as well
what is your favorite color ?
i probably will , just for you and i will do it with no cost at all
wow how are you doing
i am in love with sweets
i love to wear jeans
i also enjoy skating and go to school part time
no my co workers are nice
If I could change one thing about myself, I would stop obsessing over celebrities like Justin Bieber.
yes but only kisses from justin bieber
he really is not that great
sure
i am a lawyer, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in veterinary medicine instead of law.
myself , i love running
recently divorced , i am afraid
good for her !
no , i do not
i would imagine
no , but zebras are pretty cool right ? they are my favorite animals .
i am actually writing a page for animals magazine about zebras , i write weekly .
have you heard that zebras make great milk , too bad i am kind of allergic to it .
do you take your daughter to the beach often ? i really think the beach is nasty now .
i fantasize of being a very famous actress someday . riding a zebra down the runway .
me too but as a writer i do not think it can happen .
but i do not believe in magic . . .
can you do any magic ? I wish I could overcome my allergy to milk.
how are you doing tonight
no i am a mother of 2 boys and 1 girl
yes i love it i am a baker out of my home
yes i make cakes cup cakes and cookies I wonder what life in space would be like.
what are you in school for
what is your summer job
wow congratulation what are you planning to do
i like to go puerto rico and ireland for visiting, but if I had more free time, I would love to explore the city more.
no i have never visited them i would like to
do you have any pets
i have a pitbull and bulldog and i adore them
i like bigger dogs specially german shepard
i live in country so i get to walk my neighbors dog
hi there , how are you ?
i am currently still in school right now , but I play in a band. I wish I could spend more time creating art and less time on academics.
i think i am more into academic stuff like science and math
wow , seems like you have a really strong passion for fashion
that is very admirable ! i am just a high school band player i guess
i play the clarinet , but i also do other activities as well
tennis is one of my favorite sports , so i always have to stay in shape for that
that is one of the reasons my diet is always strict and healthy at all time
maybe you could tell her a joke to make her feel better ?
ours is too , i find a sense of humor helps with that .
sometimes i draw pictures of what i see outside my window .
despite my fat fingers I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of art school.
do you like music ? music appreciation is artistic .
i am glad . here's to you ! toasts you with a sip of sprite
i do too , but the bubbles , delicious as they are , can be evil .
between the bubbles and popcorn at the movies , my jeans are a bit tight.
it was great ! i got the new iphone , its my favorite .
they are expensive though . it was hard for me to afford as a bank teller .
that is tough . i should have gone to college .
it was money for me . i even hike for fun because its free .
i am saving for a trip to mexico . never left the us before .
really ? do you speak spanish ?
i do not know any . i have a translation app on my iphone .
i am good , just had some chicken nuggets .
wonderful . i love shopping online .
what kinds of book do you read ?
i like biographies . where do you work ?
i work at the front desk of hotel, but If I could, I would adopt all the animals in the shelter.
how many children do you have ?
a pet might help . my dog calms me down .
maybe you could adopt one at the shelter.
hello , i am doing well . how about yourself ?
very nice ! we just purchased a new home here in oregon , portland
yes , we love it ! we brew our own beer and love making coffee
i love music as well !
me too ! what is your fave ?
she is amazing ! the boss had me on the floor
yes ! i was just watching it the other day, If I could choose a different city to live in, it would be one with a bustling theater scene.
going to see red hot chili peppers , my favorite ! ! and you ?
oh fun , you play hockey ? you in school too ?
i am in college to be a journalist . working at sears now , do you work ?
in in florida , you ? got any pets ?
oh what kind ? i love my french bulldog so much !
i had a pit years ago , so loyal !
a girl , erika lol . and you ? I wish I could attend more concerts and explore different music genres.
its going great . i just retired and i am so excited about my new life !
that sounds like fun ! i would love to travel to an island, if I had the chance, I would love to teach a science class about lizards.
i love the water ! . when my husband retires next year i would love to travel .
he loves fruit that is for sure ! what else do you do on your island ?
as a retired school teacher , i think it would be fascinating to learn about lizards .
well that is brilliant . i bet you walk a lot on your island which i love to do .
hello ! i just got back inside from playing basketball . you ?
the fall is nice , but i love winter . snowmen and christmas . the best !
the snow is fun ! if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a warmer climate where I could garden all year round.
that must be a lot of work , but rewarding .
congratulations ! i always rap while i work . lol
i like to free style for the most part
it helps me relieve stress . music is awesome
i have 828 pigs and want one more, but I wish my parents had supported my dream of owning a pot-bellied pig.
wow , i do not like my mom
you should tell her ! life is short
that is sexy , you should breathe on her
ok , you will never be happy then
video games are not love of a woman
ok , you poor thing . do something about it then
i am great ! just finished online shopping its my favorite thing !
i am a mom so my kids would kill me if they saw me smoke anything
wow that is a lot . if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path than working for Monsanto.
cool ! i am a sahm now so i swim and read a lot .
that is cool too ! i like fantasy fiction
mostly paranormal stuff . do you remember your winning word ?
its great you still remember . i cant remember anything from before i was 12
i do not know . its a medical mystery .
doing good . making my parents dinner . how are you ?
i live in dublin . we get all kinds of weather here, but if I could choose any place to live, it would be in a bustling city like New York.
i like playing with my niece and nephew . and school . you ?
cool . i take care of my parents . i am almost done with my degree .
sounds like a great goal to work towards . i can not wait to be done .
i think family social work . i enjoy family a lot .
i hope so too . not as cool as yours ! my sister loves history .
wow . sounds like you have an exciting life .
i am good , pizza being delivered soon
this is a little controversial , but pineapple
i am glad that you are not a pineapple pizza hater
i took a couple culinary classes at stanford but i am not too good, but if I could go back in time, I would focus more on becoming a chef than playing soccer professionally.
what is your favorite thing to bake
yum ! i love apple pie , my dad used to make it .
i do , i often travel with my soccer team , i play professionally
the us national team , i am disappointing that we did not qualify for world cup
my 3 roommates are annoying me , i always do their dishes, if I could, I would love to have a roommate who shares my love for orange.
they made ice cream , but i can not eat dairy , i am eating gummy bears
i would rather not watch people get a concussion
what kind of car ? i want an orange one for Halloween
i have a Volkswagen Passat , love the moonroof .
live in a place where there is lots of snow in winter ? i live in Minnesota
where do you drive that you need 4 wheel drive , mountains or muddy areas ?
awesome . i am thinking of joining a boat club next summer .
for sure , Minnesota is the land of 10k lakes ha . have a good night
i am well , and you ?
cool , i love watching surgery videos
well , more like big time surgery , i do not know why
not too bad , do you have any hobbies ?
oh my , i like playing with weapons that have an edge , but i am no barber
see those sound great . what is your favorite ice cream ?
those are great . mine is pistachio, but I wish I could sing like Britney Spears, she's my idol.
they cost a lot here too , not as much as cashews though.
hello , i play with my iguanas and dogs .
i stay home , trying to teach my dog to read . my husband is a detective .
then he would have to live with a k9 officer . his name is sassy .
right ? my brother picked it out .
no , i am not . i paint at times .
that is cool . i decorative paint .
i love to travel , we are going to vegas tomorrow .
i have a cat , his name is aj
ism well just finished cooking 2 different meals , how are you ?
my husband is the best hustler i know he is a salesman
cool , i think we will be moving soon . i have lived in 10 states, but if I had the chance, I would love to open a bakery in a small coastal town.
oh really ? i like it lol
nice ! invite me an the hubby i will cook
what kind of restaurant is it ?
i like to travel an eat lol
i am well , and you ?
i am tired too . what is your job ?
i work for the army in various areas like flying and computers .
that sounds nice . if I had the chance, I would have pursued a career in music with my favorite band, Tool.
i never liked disney . i do like travel though .
i fly wherever the army tells me to ; over 30 countries !
well it is a job , just like you have a job .
please do not laugh , but i collect many different bugs and keep them in jars !
cool ! he is a great magician !
i currently work in it , i build computers . i was previously a mechanic for 6 years .
awesome ! so what do you do for a living ?
cool ! have you won anything ?
great ! so , where are you from ?
nice . i live in the United Kingdom, but if I had pursued my interest, I might have joined the military when I was younger.
I hope they do not attract bees, I am allergic! If I weren't allergic to bees, I would love to start beekeeping as a hobby.
I am a nurse, I might deliver your baby, where do you live?
I have delivered over 10 now, and I understand, it is rough work.
on my own, here in Michigan, big city.
where do you work for your job?
do you do retail work?
I have, can you get me a discount?
aww not good, where do you live?
i am good . no , i enjoy traveling with the fam, but I wish I could take my collie on trips with me, but she gets car sick.
ok . do you have any pets ? i have a collie dog .
that is too bad . i will try not to ask any more . i enjoy country music .
www . . . that is nice . puppies are so cute !
will he eat table scraps ? my dog i love to eat between meals .
oh , you are so right ! and he always lays right beside me . whew !
that is cool . its hard to say no to those eyes when he wants some food .
i am just getting ready for work at the pharmacy . how are you ?
yes , i have been a pharmacist since i gave up my wild youth .
i would say to stay away from the sausages . the sodium does not help your situation .
yes . i have something for that but you would have to see a doctor .
it must be hard with the huge fingers but i am glad you manage .
is that your main job ?
good ! just got done eating lunch and tried a new ghost pepper hot sauce !
i love poetry ! i am taking a fiction writing class .
yeah , i am actually working on a short story right now !
oh sweet ! have you heard of the story so far or neck deep ?
i do photography on the side , i am saving up for a new camera
hmm probably blue but i usually wear green !
i have always had long black hair !
that is cool ! i wish i had blonde hair
sushi i like eating those
well i do help a lot of people that makes me happy
i like shopping with my two kids
oh my husband yes then he is when firefighter, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in firefighting like my husband.
i said he has a tattoo to and he works as a firefighter
sorry for the typo error
what do usually do an office
how about writing a book
good afternoon how are you doing
wow you are lucky i love to sleep
that does sound very good
i do not i am in the army
I wish I could bake brownies with kittens in my free time.
i had one too named charlie
i love mine he is fun to hang out with
i am great ! what are some of your hobbies ?
me too ! i learned to play guitar about five years ago .
that is cool i have kids too . we are going to rent go carts the weekend .
what is your favorite dessert ?
i would not mind a piece , been watching my intake, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have a bakery at home for fresh desserts anytime.
i kinda contribute eating out to the weight i have gained . it is sad ,
i only have three children .
doing well what are your plans for the weekend ?
great ! i am learning how to speak japanese, but if I could instantly learn any language, it would be Spanish.
traveling . my class is going to go to japan i am excited
awesome ! i need to save money for my trip
yes for sure . i hate having to read the subtitles lol
lol when i learn the language i will not either
do you speak any other languages ?
yes i do love to hear someone speak french
good , of three boys i am the eldest , so there !
he should just use a urinal .
playing the drums , which i can , would be acceptable . If only I could pursue a career in music instead of working at the pizza parlor.
but wait mother , she does not have a husband , you know o
well , you know i do have a high flag career at a pizza shop , so , connections
maybe , perhaps while i beat my drum ?
hey good morning how are you ?
i am well about to make a breakfast egg baked dish .
you are welcomed anytime , i like riding . do you ?
onion green peppers mushrooms cream cheese shredded cheese .
cool , while you run do you see roses ?
yes i do , i love roses my fav .
oh gotcha , my mom use to teach she retired now .
nope just wish i had a horse
hi there what video games do you play ?
that sounds very helpful ! are you planning to be a chef ?
i do not have an ex yet because i still live with my parents .
do you have a job ?
i do not want a job . i can live stream for cash, but if I could, I would love to learn cooking from you to surprise my parents.
it is the only way i can continue to game all day and still make money
because they cut into my gaming time man !
well , thank you , i am finishing a book . you ?
i am reading a book about the art of pizza making . its really interesting .
yes ! i even built a pizza oven in the backyard . what do you like to do ?
are you a night owl ? i like to stay up late and game .
i do most things alone . just me , some dream theater on my playlist , and the game .
i enjoy it . so , whats your favorite pizza topping ?
you should try putting hamburger on a pizza . its amazing, but if I could change one thing about my pizza making skills, I would love to cook pizzas for a big group of friends.
i am doing good , just taking a break at work .
i work at the grocery store , but would like to be a social worker like my mother
i agree ! i go visit her sometimes . she grows a lot of plants in her garden, and I wish I could have a garden as beautiful as my mother's.
no , are you allergic to anything ?
there was a kid in the school system my mum works for with a severe peanut allergy
maybe ! where are you located
me too ! what else do you enjoy
do you have any other pets ?
well , right now i am baking !
well , i camp with my wife and 2 girls !
mine , too ! i drive a truck !
do you find it boring ? i also like playing baseball !
do you make food there ?
what kind of writing do you do ?
do you like doing it ?
its night now . i am glad the day is over . how about you ?
sounds yummy ! i am about to draw some pictures of my cats tonight .
cool . i do a lot of different things with art . most of my artwork is about animals .
that has to suck . pets are like people .
have you ever screamed really loud , and it felt so good !
yep , it counts . i find music is another form of art, but I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of art.
oh , its beautiful there . i even drew a picture of the falls .
just listening to the beatles i love them , you ?
that sounds fun sorry if i am a little weird i am very shy
i understand i do not get along with my family so i am alone a lot .
i got vegetables to keep me company haha i love eating them
yes i love to garden i grow all my own fruits and veggies
what do you play ? i do not care much for sports haha
oh , dancing is cool wish i knew how but then again i am to shy
hello , no i have not . i prefer reading, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of joining the military.
lol , i am sure its very profitable . enders game is the best book ever
oh yeah ? we did not listen to music in kentucky where i was raised
i will try to fit it in when i am gardening
lol , i am sure he appreciated that . i love having a garden
haha . . i am a veteran . . that is my best flirt move
veteran haha i cant spell very well
hey there . so , have any hobbies ? i enjoy playing video games . If I could choose a different career path, I would consider becoming a professional gamer.
i am aspiring to be a chef and i have been trying lots of fish recipes lately .
sure . i rarely do though since i live by myself .
minnesota . i am a scientist . what about you ?
cool . so any other interests ? i can kind of play guitar .
so where are you from ?
great how are you today
i am old and have a ton of Facebook friends, but I wish I could reconnect with my family someday.
that is awesome but my family and I are not close
i like being alone and hitchhiking
awesome but i hate teeth
i bet that situation would make me uncomfortable
that sounds very gross also
i am good how are you
that is cool what do you do for a living
i live in japan part of the year so i eat a lot of sushi, but if I could, I would trade the Ferrari for a vintage motorcycle to tour Japan.
no i am a rapper so i have a lot of money
that is cool i just bought a new car and house
i am though i am on tour a lot so i cant enjoy it that much
now its nice to have somewhere to call home when i am not on tour
hi , i am good . what about you ?
i do data entry and really enjoy it .
i am 45m i am married and would love to start my own business, but if I could change one thing, I'd open a restaurant serving pistachio ice cream.
i am a really great cook , so i would prefer a restaurant .
i am from chicago , illinois but i now live in wisconsin .
i am really not sure if it will ever be possible .
all of our income goes to raising our kids right now . its so expensive .
i am 30 and still living at home .
yes . that is why i am trying to open a grocery store .
currently i volunteer as a firefighter . being colorblind makes it challenging, if I hadn't chosen firefighting, I might have pursued a career in art.
i read . do you have a college degree ? mine is in marketing .
do you still drink a lot ? i do not drink at all .
never heard of them . do you know anyone who is also colorblind like me ?
yes , i just can not tell the difference in certain colors .
do you know any other firefighter volunteers ?
hey , how is it going ?
getting ready for bed , do you want to read the bible with me ?
do you know how to sing ?
do you want to sing in the church choir ? I wish I could sing in a country music band instead of the church choir.
yeah , as a middle school teacher .
i like all kinds of food , not cafeteria food .
oh , that is cool . jesus would be happy .
will you read to me ? i am sleepy .
that is cool . how long have you been going to medical school ?
i am in college too but not for anything medical .
wow . so medicine just runs in your family huh ? that is pretty cool .
will you ever try and pursue acting as a hobby ? I wish I could pursue a career in acting like you dream of.
what are you into ? like what do you like doing for fun ?
i am just recommending trying to live life to its fullest .
well , if its any comfort i am sure your life will turn out great .
you should not . or you should try living for yourself instead of for family.
i am like awesome . how are you ?
so cool for you ! i prefer a dark wine instead .
like no way ! it enhances your atmosphere .
dogs are way messy .
i prefer someone else to cook me dinner . whats his job ?
like duh ! you said that . so you must be in the country ?
I wish I could live in a city with a vibrant arts scene like the one in my favorite movie, Clueless.
i love it ! so many stores to shop and people to hang out with .
i am a vegan because i hate animals . i am allergic to them . i live in the city, but I wish I could live in the city instead of on a pig farm.
is your pizza vegan ? i am staying at a farm
my dream is to stay in the city
i am do not send my info over the net
no i just stay there at the farm
how old are they i want to know them
wow i hope i can see them
you should follow your dream
hi there how are you today ?
same sometimes i forgot my dogs are at home
really my mum is allergic to my dog
cool , do you have any pets ?
same i prefer dogs though
so cool , if I didn't work as a vet assistant, I would have pursued a career in animal rescue instead.
its fine you get used to it
i only help the vet though
it is cool , are you educated ?
that is cool my dad cuts meat
i work for the local paper, I wish I had pursued a career in journalism like you.
i love love me some meat
why is that ? my pops was a butcher
i use too but right now i need the money .
yes what do you do with yourself ?
awe you are a sweet guy i see cool
great just chilling listening to the stones . you ?
sounds stressful . i like to play my guitar to relieve my stress .
you should ! i used to drink lots of caffeine to keep me awake but now play instead .
wild horses . my mom was a nurse and she would listen to it after work .
i have worked 8 years at subway as a sandwich artist . what do you do ?
i would go crazy if i had to work with my family .
what would you do otherwise if you were not running a restaurant ? I wish I could perform with the Rolling Stones one day.
i am tired but how are you ? i sale encyclopedia
cool , i work part time somewhere an like rocks, but I wish I could travel the world to collect rocks for my collection.
its at the gas station an i hate it
not really just want to be the worlds best book seller
yes it is , i will for you
no i do not just work
that is nice what is it called
wow nice for what company ?
i am doing pretty well , how about you ?
currently i am a waitress but I will be moving soon, if I could, I would have pursued a career in running professionally.
australia , my boyfriend is there and we will be getting married . where do you live ?
my brother lives in California . what do you do for fun ?
i like jogging , its relaxing and helps me clear my head . do you have any siblings ?
that is great , i had a sister too but she passed .
three years , I donate blood each month in her honor .
hello ! i work at a beer distillery, but if I could, I would love to start a brewery of my own!
i am great , how are you ? and yes all the time ! perks
we do free tastings ! my husband loves the free samples
that is tough ! are you married ? i married last year
oh wow surprised I got married , listening to Taylor Swift almost made me not
about bad relationships and guys aha
oh , you know , being a cyclist , i have been training a lot , if I weren't a cyclist, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father, you ?
why ? my father was a cop once . i had to check in with him often too
he does actually , right by our favorite pizza place . we love pizza .
oh i am sorry . maybe we could go get a pizza sometime . you single ?
yep , i watch a lot of netflix being single too haha
maybe we should do that together . i am sure my dad would love me to take classes
well if you favor pizza like i do , wanna meet at the pizza place ?
hi there . i work at the factory . how about you
you are probably too young to like jazz music eh ?
cool . i broke my nose listening to rock music when i was 10
you ever been to seattle
me too . its my favorite city . i love riding my bike everywhere
you should come for a visit !
what else do you enjoy ?
not much else really ! if I didn't work at the factory, I would pursue a career in music.
i am only eight years old , i go to school . where do you work ?
cool . is it a boy or a girl ?
i am a boy . i am trying to convince my dad to get me a dog, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like Superman.
no , in the city . but i like that because i want to be a superhero some day
sounds great . do your kids like to read comics ?
i really like comics , but my parents do not approve of some of them .
one sister one year older . the walking dead scares her , do you watch it ?
i love it but my parents do not know I watch it .
pretty good , thanks . how about yourself ?
nice . what do you do for work ?
that is awesome to hear ! i do not work anymore, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in fitness training.
i am pretty close with my mom and stepfather . and , i am a full time dad now .
are you close with your family ?
oh my ! that is a big family .
that is great . what kinds of food do you enjoy ?
gotcha . i pretty much only cook healthy dishes .
hello jim ! my name is pam , proud mother of two !
yeah , a stay at home mom . my husband works for telecom .
what do you do for a living jim ?
that is right you said that ! i bet you cook very well .
yes of course ! i love to feed my family, if I could, I would love to climb mountains with my daughters.
i am from california originally , but now i live in chicago .
seattle sure does have a lot of rain does not it ? i have been once .
must make driving a nightmare ! i often get frustrated while driving .
i am good and i do not drink coffee , so i cannot help you with that, but I wish I could tell jokes like you do, it must be fun!
umm , i guess its okay . do you like cow tongue ?
now that is whats nasty , cow tongue and kidneys are way better
how many wives does he have ?
oh okay , congratulations on being remarried
what are you cooking for dinner ?
yea i even started a band
that is great i got an a
i have never been there
i just have a healthy diet
oh no , i am sorry to hear
that is good to hear
i wish i had that
thanks i will try that
i am doing good thanks for asking
i go to school every day, but I wish I could have a pet, but my favorite show is on TV all day.
what do you do for a living ?
so you talk to people all day ?
what city are you from ?
it must be very hot over there ?
is it humid at all ?
do you have any pets ?
its great . i took a walk in the park which i love to do .
i try to go often sometimes with one of my six older sisters .
yes . i am . do you have any siblings .
ajaja . . that is an interesting way to put it . do you like sports . i am a boston celtics fan
i can be tough on myself but eat chocolate and feel better
whatever works , right ? well , this has been fun . .
i am ok but i need a job really bad . how are you ?
i hope my dad can get me a job with ups . he is been working there 10 years .
what kind of audition ? yeah they pay good but i do not look good in brown .
purple is my favorite color . i will tell them to let me wear a purple uniform. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of looking for a job.
you cant panic when you get a chance to show off your talents
i think it is purple or dark blue . that might fit me better
some performers still get nervous even after 30 or 40 years . its normal .
i just sold both of my 1968 mustangs so i have enough money to last a while.
hello , i am fine
oh lord , i hope you are alright, but if I had the chance, I would love to visit Florida to experience a hurricane.
gosh , are all three of the dogs still in good health ?
well , i hope she is doing better now . would you mind sharing some of your hobbies ?
i am an art teacher and i love making my own clothing
you do the same
hi it is going swell .
yes i love going to thrift stores .
i found multiple sports themed jackets .
i love my new york yankees .
i do indeed . classic rock and old school hip hop, but sometimes I wish I could join a music band and perform live on stage.
obla di obla da life goes on .
have a good one yo .
hi ruth , my name is sky and i love to find new uses for old things
i stay away from jokes as i do not want to hurt anyone .
they can be fun . but one has to be careful .
yes it was and i too like simpler times . do you have a car ?
i do not like south park either . i have an old vehicle, but if I could go back in time, I would love to experience the hippie era.
it is an old vw bus from the 60s .
hello , have you seen a lady run by with five dogs ?
looking for my dogwalker , i was going for a bike ride and wanted to bring them . . .
so far , 3 dogs . . and they have 2 pet cats , i am not crazy i am a vet . . you ?
haha people that say they are humble rarely are, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a pet pig.
wow what do you bake ? i am vegan !
do you have pets kids ?
video games are fun . my passion is painting.
california . what do you do for a living ?
that is a lot of dogs . i paint professionally.
mostly landscapes . california is great for that.
what part of canada do you live in ?
that sounds nice . it must be peaceful.
thankfully , no . i live on the coast.
it is definitely difficult . thank goodness for firefighters. I wish I could travel back in time to see my favorite band, the Beastie Boys, perform live.
no , i am a country man
oh i am sorry about that .
i want to talk to you about animals because i love them, but if I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
what is your favorite animal ?
that is funny ! i have two cats and five dogs
i am a full-time student
it is a lot of work though tons to do
i do not i ride a bike
hi ! it definitely is cold , but otherwise i am doing well . how are you ?
i agree this is not my favorite time of year . except for sports , i love fall sports . I wish I had pursued a career in professional football.
that is awesome ! i love to fish , and i love camping too . i just bought a camper .
i enjoy dining out as well . what is your favorite food ?
i love italian or a good steak . anything beats what i had to eat in the army .
definitely ! ribeye is my favorite .
yes it does ! and i am willing to work off the extra fat .
i have a couple kids and the hubby is a pastor , i know the feeling. If I could change one thing about my husband, it would be for him to pursue a different career.
what do you do for work ?
that is cool . like science and stuff ?
you like bill nye ? mexico is neat , i went when i was a youngster
yeah heard that brother . go on , preach
take it back . i have a facebook account where i sell stuff
he is a handsome man . back in my day he was just a science man
hello there . it is good . i just had work at a grocery
i love gardening . and growing plants in the garden
thank you . just like living in a big city, but I wish I had the chance to work with my best friend in a big city.
oooh . that is good . have you eaten it
maybe . it tastes good . or well . bread
oh yea ? i visit them sometimes
i am good , i am going to the pool tomorrow for three hours ! i do every thursday, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new places.
yes , every thursday , and i do yoga every tuesday !
of course , only fruits , vegetables and protein !
lol , i do work 5 days a week though . . .
yeah that is a good soda ! i really like to shop for soda too !
sometimes , do you like to chew gum ?
what the heck is blackjack gum ?
i am good , how are you ?
yes , i can understand that . what makes it so busy ?
sounds busy . dropped kiddo at school and got stuff for dinner
always . but responsibilities to the world
i wish i could be among the stars , instead of stuck here
never , too busy reaching for the stars .
hello i am doing great how are you
why are you mad what happened ?
that is horrible i hope he finds something soon .
it will all work out soon . i hope to graduate high school this year
i am in the band it makes it go faster sometimes i love it, but I wish I could play the trumpet like you, but I've never been musically inclined.
that is interesting . what do you do in your spare time
i watch movies with my father was collect DVDs.
hello . i am great . just finished my daily yoga and meditation . you ?
nice . i have to go to work . marketing . not fun but good money .
cool . hey if you want meditation tips let me know . i do it a lot .
ok , yeah that is like a visual meditation . nice .
no , i do not . do you ? If I weren't in marketing, I'd probably be a meditation instructor.
wow . i cannot image having to share my vegan oatmeal with 4 siblings lol
haha good tip ! i love being vegan , not even close to being gross .
i like white because it helps me focus when meditating . you ?
hi , i am frank . nice to meet you . where do you work ?
sounds busy ! what do you do to relax ? i am a cyclist myself .
nice . personally , i like being outdoors .
that is interesting . i recently read a book about someone who was married ten times !
i am too busy trying to improve my competitive cycling times to get married. I wish I could compete in the Tour de France one day.
i work at a supermarket , but i would really like to race competitively .
training is great fun . on fridays , i ride up to canada to explore scenic routes .
okay . how come you were not at bowling tonight ?
so how did that go ? i had to watch the kids right after bowling .
pretty good . they like being with their dad . the wife went shopping .
peaceful ! i work all day long with sick kids , so two at home is not bad .
i work at the clinic for children. If I had chosen a different career path, I would have pursued professional bowling.
well next time try to schedule your guitar playing on a different night than bowling .
bring some of that great food to bowling next week , okay ?
great ! i am on call tomorrow , need to sleep when i can , night.
hello . good . i enjoy reading especially romance novels . you ?
no pets . i am busy with working construction, but if I had more free time, I would adopt a rescue dog.
nice . well former soldier in the army . yourself ?
nice ! yes . going to sell my prius and maybe purchase a bike .
nice ! i try to stay out the sun i have too many face freckles .
yes , would love to be that . so you have any pets ?
i am doing well just reading my book , how about you ?
i am reading a Star Wars book , what kind of work do you do ?
i am a RN , enjoy your work ?
what is your favorite thing to cook , if I weren't a vegan, I would love to try your shrimp mee hoon.
sushi is always good in my book
no i not but i am not that strict with my meal plans
very nice i am ok with lines since i dual wield my cell phones
yes i do , i have 2 one for work one for personal
no my parents will not come if i do
i just do not even feel like getting up
that sounds fun what will we eat
that sounds like a feast come by
that sounds like a plan to me
that would be great where we going
i would go to any with you sounds like fun, I wish my therapist would truly listen to me and understand my struggles.
wishing my boyfriend would get a job . hello how are you today ?
i am to old for that 25 this year
i have not i am a dancer , what do you do ?
my daughter is seven today
they love each other so much
right at least i put food on the table
i make hot dogs for a living .
burritos are my favorite too
hi ! frustrated with the traffic pfaff ! how are you ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
do you like adventures ? i am into mountain climbing . i find it very cool !
alone , or do you have a family ?
do you study work ? i do not but my husband works for the telecom company
what do you study and draw ? i have 2 daughters that study now .
maybe you can straighten out those crazy drivers that frustrate me then
the traffic and those idiots on the road just very frustrating ! some should not be driving ! if only I could travel more often for adventures like mountain climbing, I would be much happier.
my name is kourtney . do you have any hobbies ?
very cool . i sometimes listen to gary numan but mostly to be ironic .
its like 80s electronic music . i love music too !
cool ! what is your favorite thing to eat ?
awesome ! i like mangos especially for breakfast .
yep ! what else do you like to do ?
cool ! i like water too . snorkeling is my favorite, I wish I could chase Komodo lizards on a private island like you do.
what else do you like to do ?
i am love to travel . . . somewhat of a nomad . you ?
i have not gotten back to my home if over 2 years, but if I had stayed in one place, I might have adopted a rescue pet by now.
cool , i am a computer programmer working remotely .
all of the above . . actually . i speak 3 languages too , did i mention that ?
oh heck yes . . i will . do you have kids ? i do not .
any pets ? i have a cat named courtney .
you should get one . pets are awesome !
yap , please save a pet if you can .
hi i am doing okay just got done with baseball practice
i am sorry hope you feel better soon
that sounds like fun . do you like to read
that is great that you are able to do that . i read about the history of china
it is very interesting . whats your favorite color mine is green
that is a pretty color do you live near the ocean
that is real close wish i lived that close to it
about 5 hours depending on traffic
sure . do you like heavy metal music ? if I could choose any job, I would love to be a musician in a heavy metal band like Avenged Sevenfold.
i do , but i do not have time , too busy with the jobs i have .
i work at a library , a shoe store , and on weekends i work for a dollar store .
i am engaged to my long time girlfriend .
not really , i prefer watching ball games .
i have nobody in the army . i am a cartoon brat .
i really like the cartoons on comedy central .
unfortunately , i work my third job on the weekends . i am trying to save for the wedding.
doing well , thanks . about to go to the beach and take a walk .
oh boy , that sounds rough . do you cook at home ?
i love cooking meals and listening to pop music .
i like to read and paint as well . my favorite is blue .
do you watch tv ? i live game of thrones .
love that show . Darryl is my favorite .
oh yes . he is creepy . great show .
if I could travel back in time, I would love to meet Vincent van Gogh and watch him paint.
i am good and you
wow i want sushi now
what color are your eyes
mine are bright blue yeah, I wish I had a pet dog to keep me company.
and what store is that
nice i love home things
i do not but i have a big brain
hello ! not too much how about yourself ?
i am going to school to be a writer, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel to different countries and explore their cultures.
oh wow ! my mom is a librarian and i help her sort books at the library
i love fantasy novels !
i also love reading poetry ; earnest hemingway !
makes sense , i hope to become a journalist after i graduate !
what kind of animals ? i am definitely a dog person over cats .
i like most animals , but i have no aversion to eating meat .
i love sports ! especially hockey . how about you ?
i love the maple leafs ! they are my favorite team . I wish I could play for the Maple Leafs one day.
i am a teacher . how about you ?
you must live in a larger city . where do you live ?
i think i would be more afraid to drive in ny than to take the subway .
have you seen it ?
i have seen the old television version and read the book .
i am doing pretty good , getting prepared for the upcoming weekend .
i have grandkids coming to help pick apples and getting stuff together to make jelly, but I wish I had more free time to travel the world with my grandkids.
my job as a pharmacist does not allow much free time
well i am about to retire . . i quilt and listen to my classical music
my son used to use sharpies on his hair
that is too funny . . he does that also . i like the name lol
going okay , how about for you ?
chips are good , do you have family ?
i do shop on amazon , i buy my equipment for work on there .
are you into painting ?
i will have to check it out ! maybe they have deals on brushes. I wish I could reveal my lottery win and prove my talent to my wife.
yes, I am, what do you do ?
you must love food ! i enjoy eating too !
i have a lot of money to shop with, maybe I will go there !
good ! i have started reading a new fiction book . how is your weekend .
very good . where do you live ? i live in georgia .
ha ha ! ! ! favorite nfl team ? mine is the packers .
ha ha ! ! well it helps when you enjoy football .
true , i am either reading a horror fiction book or watching football . ll
yes , a little of both worlds i guess .
well , i am a teacher, but if I had more time, I would love to write my own horror fiction novel.
i teach 7th grade science .
very much so . it is a very rewarding career .
hi ! i am good , just finished playing basketball . i love it .
my job is in car sales . how about you ?
i see . what do you like to do for fun ?
nice . what are your favorites ?
yes , there are certainly a lot .
yes i do , but my wife is a vegetarian, I wish my wife enjoyed meat as much as I do.
same . she thinks meat has hair in it somehow . she is a hairdresser , though .
pretty good thanks and you ?
do you like to watch sports ?
cool i made the baseball team, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of baseball.
for my college . i wana go pro
to get better and better at baseball
i am the shortstop i do not play backup
i am enjoying an easygoing friday ! how about yourself , friend ?
cool ! do you have a favorite band ?
i like listening to eighties hair metal . i plan on buying a corvette one of these days .
nah . i just hung out . remodeled a home . you ?
do you fish ? always very relaxing .
wow you must be a very talented multitasker .
i work too much to walk . i got out a little bit today, I wish I had more time to relax and spend with my family.
not so bad , how about you ?
what kind of lab do you work at ?
cool , sounds like you have the right job . i am a physical therapist and love it
i have two kids , the 14 year old is thinking about becoming vegan
do you have any kids ?
I often wonder what life would be like if I lived in a big city like New York.
lol , that makes sense . i have five all together , quite the handful !
i am doing good . how about you ?
oh wow . 2 jobs ? i start mine soon . i am a police officer .
yeah , its def not boring . any plans for the weekend ?
oh nice ! i saw them once . i am going hunting with my brother .
i am eating lunch right now . i hate when i tell them no broccoli .
just birds and small prey . nothing big .
chicken and broccoli fettuccine , no broccoli please lol
do you play any video games ?
i like jazz mostly and i lie watching a lot of tv, but if I had more free time, I would love to explore the Arctic regions.
so whats your favorite food ? mine are cheeseburgers
nice ! i live by myself so i want to just travel and see the world
i want to go somewhere where i can do some fishing
i am a mechanic and am trying to save money to go to panama
my friend went there and he loved it , so that enticed me to go
good , i delivered three babies today at the hospital .
yeah , pretty new . it is my first year, but if I could have any job, I would love to be a professional boater.
do you pretend to blow the candles out ?
i go to the beach a lot , the air there is great
i love to ice skate , we have a rink at my house
do you have all your teeth ?
yes but i never played hockey
yeah . i hate the dentist
i m not really into music but i do love puzzles
same crossword can i do some sports too
no longer i m a teacher for six grade, I wish I could play football, but unfortunately, I have two left feet.
i teach math and i m into volleyball team coaching
i don t really watch cartoons but i eat apples but i m allergic to it
i was in a state university
i like doing crochet to
just hanging out with friends and visiting places
i am doing great but the dark scares me
only when i speak to my mother
i could design a video game to teach you
that is a real goal
i eat a lot of broccoli , is that a hobby ?
no but my mother does , she is my bff, and I wish I could attend a rock concert with my mom, she's my best friend.
i would love to go there
you could be a stowaway
hello ! what do you teach ?
i hate math , i am more of a language arts person since i like to read .
do you ever volunteer at comic con ?
that is not as much fun . i like to volunteer at comic con because role play is fun .
i sell my hand drawn comics there and role play with my friends .
it was a pleasure ! have a nice night .
but wait , is it evening for you ?
i like to stay up reading before bed , do you ? I wish I could attend more comic cons with my friends and dress up in cosplay.
pretty good . the name is nina bleu and you ?
you too . did you happen to catch the game of thrones finale ?
oh . it that where you are from ?
yep . last season and i am pumped for it .
yep . and make him a home cooked meal while you at it . i love those !
nice . i have to get some of my own secrets started .
I wish I had a little dog like Gracie, but my apartment doesn't allow pets.
thank you ! only thing that helps now is listening to pop music on breaks !
i am april . i hate working out , but lord knows i need it. If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak every language fluently.
no but i have a bike , and i do walk my 3 dogs . you have pets ?
so a siamese cat ? were you born in japan ?
hysterical ! i play drums poorly and very loudly . she would hate that too .
i heard its good , but i have no experience with it . try online sources .
no problem . life is about helping each other . you have made my evening less lonely
i am from Pittsburgh area , in Pennsylvania.
i love to quilt and listen to classical music so that ! you ?
fun ! in my younger years i was a wild child . I wish I could travel back in time and relive my wild child years.
now i work as a pharmacist ! not as fun !
i have 3 grand children that mean the world to me . do you have any ?
do you have any hobbies that you like to do ?
she is fun ! i have seen her in concert . i want to go to this tour .
she does ! its a good time and fun to watch her perform .
i love the beach and the ocean !
hi i love watching spanish movies and tv shows
sounds more exciting than me just watching movies all day
mostly foreign movies , subtitled though , i wish i knew spanish .
so i could pay more attention to the action . tele novellas are fast paced
no children for me , what about you ?
wow , t sounds like your hands are full , surprised you have time to fish .
i am doing okay how are you
i am sorry what is going on that is making you sad
well if you just graduated that is great ! do you want to go to college ?
i had a hard time in college but it got better anything is possible
exes should not matter anymore but i understand where you are coming from .
i have a hard time socializing never know what to say . but it all works out, I wish I had more confidence in social situations.
that is great maybe you can find someone there
they can be but you will one day
cats are mostly what i love . are you athletic like me ?
i do . have you ever broken a bone ? i never have and hope to never !
no i do not . have you gone to college ? i just started my freshman year .
i love music ! what is your favorite food ? pizza is mine .
nursing . i can no wait to graduate and get on with my career .
i like the way they look . i do not like to ride on them, i wish I had the courage to try horseback riding, but I'm too scared of falling off.
i like to craft , sing , dance , eat , watch television and read books . you ?
i m okay just playing some video games . what do you do ?
that is cool . i m a cake decorator . do you like it ? I wish I could decorate cakes as beautifully as you do.
i have a great love for felines , maybe i should train them ! just kidding
i need to lose a few pounds too
my girlfriend does that for me
my style is great its my closet that isn t so great
you should think about teaching cats also
i am pretty swamped actually ! i have been working so hard on my upcoming show
it is a romance . which is not my favorite because i really love comedies !
yes like a soap opera . and i am an actress . what about you ?
that is so sweet ! is she sick ?
well you are kind to take care of her . my parents unfortunately passed away, but if my parents were still here, I would love to take them to see my show.
where would you move to ? yes i have my sister we are in the show together .
yes getting out on your own is important ! do you have any hobbies ?
what is larp ? i have never heard of such a hobbie ! food ! ! i love it !
not much ! just trying to wind down before work tomorrow
what are you practicing for ?
you must be fit . i dance to keep in shape
that is impressive . i am a great dancer but not a pro
one day . my hair gets in the way though haha, if I could spell better, I would consider entering spelling bees.
i am in canada . what about you ? i would like that
i am impressed . you must make a lot of money
i work hard at an animal shelter
doing great . just had a huge fruit salad with sunflower seeds for lunch . you ?
so unhealthy . i happen to be a fruitarian . i grow most of my food .
they sure are . full of curiosity . ever done a compost experiment with them ?
cool . their brains need lots of stimulation . any hobbies ?
i make some awesome soaps . my friends say i should sell them , but i do not know. If I could, I would love to try a new hobby like painting or pottery.
yeah , that might be fun . i will look into it . do you like craft shows ?
living large now that i make that big money
i play for the minnesota wolves
yep , five million a year right out of u of north carolina
i practice my dribble a lot . what about you ?
what keeps you so busy ? as an athlete i spend my time at the gym .
i hope you make over time pay
must be hard . i do not worry about money these days .
yes that would be interesting
why not ? did sumin happen ?
what happened ? are you ok ?
which animal would you be ? If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like a bird.
my kids would love that
what do you do for a living ?
what do you wonder about ?
i have not heard of her . i am hindu but live in states
yes we do ! i drink it a lot at medical school , long hours
drawing sounds like fun . i like to bake . mom is teaching me best skills !
that sounds yummy . would make a good lunch for medical school
just two more years . my kids will be so glad when i am finished, I wish I could introduce you to my mom, she loves watching old movies too.
yes ! it is hard because their dad is dead beat . what is your profession ?
that sounds like fun . much less stressful and maybe relaxing ?
outdoor painting ? yes that would be awful.
that is too bad . come play D&D with me
i do not know . i am going to see a Van Haven tribute band
i am gonna study medicine and wear purple scrubs
you would fit right in at the place i go in Canada
does Van Haven ever play there ? i love them !
can i come ? that way i can wear my new purple mini dress
but i bought matching purple underwear
that could be really hot ! ! !
we make pizza at the restaurant i work at
i own the restaurant with my family . i like basketball. I wish I could play for the Celtics one day, they are my favorite team.
no you stick to playing soccer professionally . where are you from ?
i love the celtics , they are a good team . what soccer team do you like ?
that is great . i enjoy walking in the park with my family of 6 sisters
are they the best in league or do you like the coach ?
yes do you have siblings ? it is great to be considered among a legacy .
you should explore how to make some in a class .
hello , i am in dire need of a massage , i am a construction worker with sore muscles, but I wish I had pursued a career in animal care instead of construction work.
i can do that , my girlfriend is a chef , she makes them out of tenderloin .
that is okay with me . i am going to go back to school soon .
business management , i would like to work in the hotel industry .
that would be perfect , thank you ! i would greatly appreciate it .
i will tell her that . she is looking for another job herself .
she does not know how to give a proper one , she loves them too .
she would be more than happy too , she is always going to spas .
hi there ! just in from my very wet run ! love trucks ! if I could, I would drive a truck instead of a van, just like my dad.
how is the weather there ? pouring cats and dogs here but i love it .
congratulations ! ! ! was there pizza at the wedding ? my favorite !
cool , it is almost winter here in ny which is my fave season .
i ride around in a van which is not as exciting as a truck .
take her on a truck ride ! !
an old green hippy volvo painted with happy faces
lol i will sell you my van for fifty dollars and a chocolate bar.
nice , i was playing tennis before but i have not energy after 3 ex wives .
my father was rich . he was a famous artist . money , 3 ferrari waiting me but not enough . If my father hadn't been an actor, I might have pursued a career in art instead.
ok , next time i am ready .
you are very helpful friend . nice . what do you think about acting , i hate acting .
my father and his friends , all of them are ridiculous .
i do not understand them . how do your parents do ?
boring . i am sorry for you , are you cook ?
no no you say me wedding cake etc . what do you do ?
not too bad , not too bad . how about yourself ?
you watch any good movies , lately ? they are out there , but the classics are best .
you ever see dirty harry ? do you feel lucky , punk ?
well , you should check it out , if you have got time . what do you do ?
if I could choose another profession, I would become a pilot. what about you?
i have got a daughter who loves the things . you take care , alright ?
i am good , what about you ?
what do you usually like to eat with your salad ?
that is a big combination . do you like to paint ?
have you ever written any songs ? i like to draw and paint on my free times, if I could have any talent, I wish it would be to paint murals like you.
is there a reason why jazz is your favorite ? do you like other genres ?
i see , what are your preferences in girls ?
do you like them more natural ? you must be really handsome then . . .
were the complete opposite then . i do not want anything to do with hollywood .
i am from the us .
it is less than 15 words .
we paint the town red ! I wish I could visit Russia to experience weightlifting training there.
we usually gray a couple beers and burgurs1
no it , s not
you gotta loosen up man !
hi what kind of job do you have
that is cool how long have you been doing that
that is cool do you like sports
i play soccer on the weekends
casually for the past few years
i have thought about it if I could go back in time, I would choose to live on a farm instead of in the city.
how long have you lived on a farm
i see that is so nice of you.
great , just thinking about my favorite show game of thrones , you ?
is not it a great show ? i love all forms of cinema . tv and movies .
its a good storyline with an interesting world the authors made .
sushi is mine , althought I do not eat much of it since if I didn't work from home, I would love to attend cosplay events dressed up as characters from Game of Thrones.
have you ever done any cosplay ? i like it , but I have never dressed up .
i have three brothers , how many do you have ?
you have a big family ! i am the oldest , what about you ?
hi todd ! cool , i wish i had a parrot . instead i have only one daughter
nice , i enjoy snowboarding myself . i have also done 3 triathlons
how come ? my daughter just graduated from college
i run more than 2 miles a day at the beach to train but i hate it
yeah but i force myself to prepare for the triathlons
i have done 3 ! and will continue to do more , maybe even with my daughter one day
great how are you ? have any hobbies ?
gaming and jamming on my guitar . i cook to but am an amateur
i live by myself . so lots of free time, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world with a band.
so far i can cook 5 styles of cuisine ! i hope to make it six soon
french cuisine it is so elegant
i need a man to cook for .
no i am all alone in this world . just me and my food
ah such is life i suppose
yum ! with lots of meat ! and then more meat ! ! ! I wish I could have a pet panda too; they seem like great companions.
whoa . . . the meat woman ! ! ! meat is totally the bomb ! ! !
you are hilarious . i will take a side of meat with that please
bikes are fun ! i like to ride with my pet panda in my black sexy car
i do but my panda is in need of insurance . he is very capable
you are so smart . how did you know he is kung fu panda ?
are you a panda too ? mind blown here . while i jam to rap
i am spending time with my husband , which is why i retired . you ?
that sounds fun . i drive a lot of trucks , as i live out in a rural area .
as an older woman , i grew up on stick shift cars . which do you prefer ?
then we are on the same page . what do you enjoy doing most ?
that is so sweet . i adore helping people , and spending time with my husband .
thank you ! i love to make pasta , since it is my favorite food . what is yours ?
that sounds delicious , i wish i had some right now !
i will have to get some from the grocery store tomorrow .
i am doing quite well , thank you . how about yourself ?
oh wow that makes me sound boring . i am just watching anime .
i am a professional body builder .
i am trying to be . i eat a really big diet with a lot of protein .
i have a surprising secret though
well , i never really was around water much and do not know how to swim, if my mother were still alive, she would have taught me how to swim.
i try but it is difficult because i do not have a lot of fat .
no , i am not much of a reader . but , i do like the dragon ball z manga .
no lions but i love my green tennis racquet, but if I had the chance, I would love to try skydiving.
no my parents did not reject me my dad was a army colonel
i love country , classical and all different types of music
yes i love movies like freaky friday anything funny
what color is your hair
blonde with green highlights . green is my color
i trust most people they are good
hi ! i am an artist , i enjoy painting . you ?
that is cool , what are your hobbies ?
comics are cool ! i like visiting museums sometimes
no pets , but two sons are pretty much like pets haha
cats are so cute ! do you live alone or are you married ?
sounds like a great pair . i just have my husband and my kids, but I wish I could attend wine tours with my husband.
thank you ! i actually just celebrated my anniversary last week !
yeah sure , i am just in the middle of feeding my pets .
i would like to be a vet one day, but I wish I could adopt more pets, but my landlord has a strict one-pet policy.
oh very nice ! do you make healthy foods ? i just started a new diet .
i listen to them at the gym every night too ! i love it .
yep and we both like animals as well . i like helping them .
what a great name , i hope he is green .
my dogs are glen , franklin , and clyde .
i have a friend with a cat named patty mayonnaise .
i am fine how about you ,
i am going to school to be a dentist even though i hate saliva .
if I had pursued my passion for art, I would have become a tattoo artist.
that fine if you did not attend college . what is your occupation ?
i do not go arcading because i work at the hospital 6 days a week .
i prefer to silver jewelry over gold jewelry .
i like to collect coins as a hobby .
i am great , just getting home from work
i teach at an elementary school , i love it , it is my dream job
exactly ! what do you do ?
oh i bet it is fun meeting new people every day at work
i spend time with my two children and my two dogs, but if I could, I would love to have a big garden to spend time gardening with my kids.
i love my dogs , they are like two more children to me , part of the family
that sounds fun , maybe i will look into getting a parrot for my kids
i am am doing good just listening to music
i like any music except country mostly five finger death punch though
i love to read books lots of books
black is a good color do you like the hot weather i can not take it
i would travel the world if i could but cant afford it
oh i hear it is wonderful do u have a family
i do not have children yet but i spend alot of time with friends and family
heck yeah . where is my foam sword ? ready ?
i sing opera , and boil pasta . my dog is my only friend . what can we do ?
i saw your dad yesterday . he is ok . i am graduating tomorrow .
what does your mom look like ? i only live on the beach . though. If I weren't in grad school, I would spend all my time at the beach with my dog.
the forest has ears and brains too . i am a chef , italiano .
i love my little dog . he walks on the shore with me . are you ok ?
i do not eat meat , only plants.
mine is pretty good . i feel safe with my 2 daughters here .
what do you do for fun ?
i like to do adventurous things , like climb mountains .
oh . i am sorry she is not healthy .
oh , terrible neighbors are the worst. I wish I could go mountain climbing with my husband instead of worrying about the noisy neighbors.
i have blonde hair and like it .
why does that matter for your hair ?
oh . i see what you mean .
it is , my kids would kill me , all five of them .
they love her ! i listen to while i fish with my mother .
nice ! my mom practices law at the courthouse . i am learning law too .
i do not drink , my kids would be sad . i smoke though .
no , just sage plants and dried herbs . healthy things, but I wish I could play the violin like Lindsey Stirling.
sounds like a dream though . i bet lindsey like meatloaf too .
i like the violin too . my mother sued lindsey once back in 1997 .
yes ! it must have been . my mom is the best .
hi . whew ! what a long day at work . teaching is exhausting . and you ?
good for you ! i am more of a quiet night with a good puzzle person .
that is a lot of weight . i spend my spare time writing novels . I wish I could incorporate weightlifting into my stories like you suggest.
romantic suspense . my heroine in my current novel is a swat officer .
maybe . i will have to think about it . maybe an eye witness .
unless you want to be the villain or the best friend .
lol . picky are we then ?
you are an olympian ? way cool
i am doing great what about you
not a problem how your morning going
yeah i hear you my son woke me and my husband up
i use to be but not much any more i am some night
i am a stay at home mom
that is cool how do you like it
being in school is stressful period
i was in school for medical a little bit, but I wish I could travel the world to see different hotel designs.
great and you ?
i hate cold . do you play any instruments ? i am a pianist .
i do not have much free time , bc my 10 year old son has autism, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
my mom says that ppl that graduated high school in 80s complain too much .
i got out of high school in 1986 and i do not think i complain much .
wow , what a coincidence !
texas , but not in the flood zone , thankfully .
i have been there . the clearest cleanest drinking water .
pretty good thanks , how about you ?
sounds cool , i am reading about traveling to cancun
i might do some activist work there , to help build houses
i see . do you follow politics much ?
i understand , it interests me but can cause arguments . . . if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in politics.
no , i am a legal assistant with a law firm
well , my dad i guess
i read a lot and do activist stuff
cool , thanks . have fun !
i am good , hanging out with my beagle droopy . if only I could enjoy eating pumpkins like you do. What are you growing ?
i meant to ask what colors are you growing ? swimming is fun .
that is so sweet ! i am eating shrimp , do you like shrimp ?
whats your favorite starbucks drink ? i like the mocha espresso .
my dog droopy would bark to make pickles get off the roses .
do you ever watch youtube ?
hey , i am also in the school band ! what do you play ?
that would be my mother . she has done so much for me . If I could choose any other profession, I would love to be a doctor like the ones on Grey's Anatomy.
so what instrument do you play ? i play the guitar .
mine , too . i got hooked when i first heard the beatles .
i totally agree . so , do you have any other hobbies ?
i love it too ! who is your favorite character ?
ll , understandable . . . the whole show is amazing .
no i am poor and vegan , i grow all of my own food
i am going back to college so i am too broke to pay for yoga class, but if I had more money, I would adopt all the animals I could find in nature.
oh well that would be decent . do you have any animals ?
we could find some animals in nature , i love them
why not ? i am down , do you like reading ?
i would read to you if you like that kind of thing
what kind of music do you like ?
not bad , i am a big country fan
hi , i am feeling pudgy tonight . you ?
i wish i was pretty . are you pretty ?
my husband no longer desires me . are you married ?
i love eating out . you like eating out ?
how does it feel to be desired and pretty and not overweight ?
beauty is in the eye of the beholder . you agree ?
some people to be pretty . do you eat to be pretty ?
hi ! i am doing well !
not really . i like to make people laugh but i am not a professional, but I wish I could swim with dolphins in the ocean.
swimming can be nice . not working is even better
sunscreen is good , you do not want cancer
i absolutely maddeningly love tacos guan
do people ever think you are crazy ?
good to know , a lot of you friends think i am
i like the thought of that
hi , i am a pizza maker who makes pencil drawings as a hobby .
you must be fit . i , on the other hand , am kind of round .
yes , i have to go to work somehow . is your boyfriend demanding ?
i am in michigan . you ?
i wish to visit florida sometimes . people would laugh at my belly though .
no , renting , but planning to buy one .
it is great that you get along . i have big family , too . 5 brothers !
my name is joe . do you like music ?
my favorite is punk . do you like the band . rancid ?
i have tickets to a concert of theirs in san diego soon
in san diego ? i am going to be moving there in a few months .
not really . i do not want to get too pumped . i like a lean figure
not really . do your parents lift too ? is that how you learned
that is cool . my mother danced the ballet in london. If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue dancing like my mother.
i was little . she was kind of famous for it, but I do not dance much.
i just finished working in the hospital
nurse , in the emergency section busy
it is but i like it, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot.
i do not , but i have piano , it is like my pet
oh , i might get one , coz i am looking for a house to buy
oh , i do paddle boarding when i am free
oh , wow , unique in the things that we do
of course i do but very minimal
great here . how about you ? i am billy .
i am a college student . i run on my free time .
cool . i just bought a chevy duramax truck which is my favorite .
haha . no i can not hold a note . I wish I had a green thumb for gardening like my grandma.
i am 22 . not really a gardener .
hang out with family . . i enjoy that . also , i buy all my clothes at american eagle .
not so much , but that is my favorite store . lol . what else do you do ?
oh that is why you love to sing .
how are you doing today ?
oh i am sorry i hope it gets a little better
omg i hate math i am not good at it
i loved english that was my favorite subject, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue ballet instead.
i did not need a tutor lol
lol i bet it is
cleaning and taken care of my kids
11 months and 5
i am well just reading jane austins pride and prejudice
if it was i have not seen it .
no i do not get much time to watch movies . i am a teacher .
i am a tutor for english literature , bit teacher sounds better . ll
i feel i am , what do you do ?
that sounds scary but rewarding .
be is no good unless its a college degree . ll
my stupid autocorrect is malfunctioning .
good . my 5 cats are a menace tonight tho .
hi mary , it is good to meet you .
california . my brother is a director . he was married to madonna once .
i did . not when her and guy were visiting but I wish I could travel back in time and meet the royal family of England.
well , i make blue sweaters . its my favorite color .
where is here ? i am outside of la .
i have been to denver a few times .
it was fun . never went in the winter tho .
hi am doing well . how about yourself ?
cool . where are you from originally ?
i have never been but i am sure it is a beautiful land . do you listen to music ?
i like to eat weed brownies and jam out to creed .
haha . yeah i get high . my work interferes with my getting high
i like ceasar and italian dressing . i love steaks too
i actually just quit my job and am on welfare. I wish I could join a running club to keep myself busy and active.
good , i have lots of tattoos
i have 6 , and 56 pigs
all my tattoos are of cats
i have no idea . lol
yes , yes that is weird weird weird
oh i ove them ! i want one
i have a i have a thing mustache . nice, but I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cultures.
yes i have 47 kids
lol really ? i cant afford that lol trying to save
really ? like scotch ? i do a lot .
i like to hang out in the bar on the weekend
my house is small i go to college weekdays
i like r b and jazz lol
not too me depends on the artist really
yes lol i like pop and some songs off the chains
i want to be a lawyer
i just returned from my daily swim .
impressive ! i have been taking my son for swim lessons all week .
lucky for you swimming burns lots of calories !
river floating is wonderful for relaxing your mind too .
i love reading fantasy novels and shopping web stores, but I wish I could spend more time exploring fantasy worlds in novels.
yes and it is much easier than dealing with crowded stores .
what do you do for a living ?
ok , well i like the avert brothers, but if I could, I would join a rap group and tour the country.
no . would you talk about the gangsta life ? for my psychology thesis .
you sound like one of my shows i watch on broadway
sorry , so are you a gang banger then ?
i study people like you . in and out of prison
i travel all over to interview people . leavenworth , walpole , corcoran
i just figured it was an ego thing . you think highly of yourself
lots of people are gay for the stay
that is quite a compliment . thanks
wow awesome . my last name is juarez , my family is from sicily .
i work in the tech industry , kinda have a knack for it .
yes it sure is . i work with computers . give them orders and they listen well .
what an unusual skill . you could probably make a lot of money with that .
yes , computers will act just like children if you let them .
give them an invoice next time . freedom is not free . you know ?
all computers have some kind of grounding . it protects the user from electrocution . and I hope I can have a more cultured look with my cardigans.
hello , how are you tonight ?
that seems tough . i am a scientist , so know the struggle of long days
no , i am not . i am pretty well built though, but if I wasn't a scientist, I would have pursued a career in gymnastics.
brown eyes . . just like the beatles song . i love them
too bad the beatles are not around anymore . we could go together .
oh i can hang . you have not met me yet
whoa . . angel tattoo . . okay , i probably cant hang
pretty good and alive how are you
i am a deployed army ranger how about you ?
that sounds really cool any perks of the job ?
i hear you i think sometimes that is the only way i know how to live
i like it i am just used to the army living, but I sometimes wish I had a less dangerous job that allowed me to spend more time with my family.
i used to not too much now how about you ?
i have two kids and a wife back in the states do you have a family ?
hi . i am doing good , thank you . you ?
that is impressive . do you have any hobbies ?
what is your favorite food ?
i like vegetarian pizza . but my favorite food is fresh fruit . I wish I could grow my own apple trees in my backyard.
very rarely . somehow , i am not into meat that much .
does she like apples ? i could live on them .
i am tired . going to medical school can be exhausting !
well i really would have rather gone into acting .
i love community theater . i love to act there between classes .
it is ! are you married ?
that is funny ! i am not married and love a girl who does not know it .
yes . my mom and dad are doctors and all they do is work .
i think you are right . i would love your pie recipe !
that would be great . what do you do on the weekends ?
hi marsha . hows it going
yea i do go for runs
that is nice . do you like music . i love country
wow we should hangout sometime . i am all by myself
well , . i do have a dog and cats . if that counts
say what . i wish they could go on runs with me
sitting here with the heating pad on my back ! i am jane , and you ?
this back thing is chronic . they say probably stress related .
i like them . its totally my fault . get myself worked up over little things !
with 3 kids probably all you have time for . i have one . swamped always !
my guys great . one complaint i feel like they never hear me !
so much i have passion for . soul has been around for ever ! you ?
i think it feeds my need to be heard . days i wish mine was young !
my hubs cooked ! i really should not complain ! you should and rest .
sure what kind of business ?
what beach hopefully not florida
swampland too funny what kind of juices like mango ? pineapple ?
just drinks ? no food ? or some snacks ? snacks that make you thirsty would help sell more drinks
yummy . . . with paper umbrellas ? what cost would the drinks range for
not too expensive sounds good good luck with your burgeoning business. I wish I could enjoy a healthy salad once in a while.
comic books are cool i love watching movies and recording movies
i watched that growing up . are you in school
i have never had black gum before .
i am a concessions manager at the movie theater, but if I could, I would love to act in one of my boyfriend's films.
what is your favorite and least favorite food ?
i love nachos but do not eat popcorn it does not taste good at all
hello , are you staying in on this horrid , rainy day ?
that is why i am a gamer .
do they serve broccoli at your restaurants ? are dogs allowed ?
i love dogs , I have two of them. if I didn't have dogs, I would consider going hunting.
are you a hunter , or have you ever been ?
i grew up hunting and fishing . what are your hobbies ?
me too , my favorite is fallout .
need for speed is my go to for racing games .
the best way to recharge is a bowl of pasta !
bummer ! maybe a quick swim outside would do the trick ?
i am a student too . my favorite music to study to is britney spears .
medical school ? at least you will get to wear pink scrubs !
that is good . in my ideal job , if I could choose any career, I would be a professional singer like Britney Spears.
i would lead hiking groups . maybe even take them swimming my favorite !
yeah , that might be a good fit for me . whatever pays for the pasta !
i am doing great just got done with work you ?
sounds like fun . i love being outdoors . my wife and i work at the local zoo .
how long have you been doing that ?
that sounds exciting ! do you have any children ?
yes , i have a daughter that just graduated and she ranked at the top of her class .
yes i hope so ! so , do you have any plans for this evening ?
new shoes are always fun . i am just going to make dinner and relax, but I wish I could take my wife on a second honeymoon to celebrate her victory over breast cancer.
thanks ! have fun on your hike ! it is going to get too cold for that soon .
i am doing good . i have been out in my garden today . love gardening, but if I had more free time, I would start my own gardening business.
you do ? maybe you could train my 2 boxer dogs . they are a bit rowdy
i run a lot at work in a clothing store . retail gets busy
that sounds good . you should come pick some fresh ingredients from my garden
i would love that and so would my daughter . its just her and i
you are free to come over any time, maybe we can work on a gardening project together.
yes , she loves dogs . raised with our boxers
i would love that . what else do you enjoy ?
hello from stanford . Thierry Henry is my idol . no clue . I wish I could have pursued a career in music like my idol Thierry Henry.
my wife often says that with our 2 kids . how so ?
professionally i play soccer and ponder world pollution in my free time .
gambling is something political ambitions are . the game of chance
forward and some goalie when needed .
as is life and many things in the world today . school politics included
can you do a back bend or a plank for 3 minutes?
i often cut wood statues i like to use oak how about you
i like hospitals they often play folk music my favorite kind
know what is a hobby i am on leave from the navy
i loved college it got me out the foster care system
i was a liberal arts major . do you have kids ?
i do not have children mostly because i lost my parents as a child. If I could go back in time, I would want to experience a childhood with my parents by my side.
thank you but it was a long time ago
plan an event with lots of folk singers in the future
hello , sure ! i was playing fallout earlier .
i am an attorney , criminal defense .
photography , i live on top of a mountain and the views are breathtaking, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city.
they sure are . i have my own plane too , no need for a tv .
have you thought about going back to school ?
who is your favorite author ? mine is dean koontz .
mine is purple , my plane is purple too .
to the beach , i am an avid surfer .
names jack , i work at the deli counter
that is awesome and i learned to play guitar . and love to go fishing
i dropped out of college and i know things will change in my life
yeah it is not something i want to do . I wish I had continued my college education and pursued a degree in photography.
how will you know if you do not try .
well if you try and make it possible things can change for the better .
me too , no matter how i tried and was not happy
wow that is awesome . i really want to work for my own .
hm . . that is a bad thing . .
it happens some times . . move on
what do you do in ur free time
if I hadn't opened my bakery, I might have pursued a career in comedy.
try to follow a tv series or a movie
it will definitely work for sure
hi , i am doing well . i just got off work as well , i am a teacher and if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
kindergarten . i like to organize my class room at the end of the day
nice ! i have gone to the gym once in my life
no , i do love helping kids with their future though
i like black and purple
very true ! maybe i am just a villain and if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
i will just give my students extra homework haha
well i think its almost time to go
i like anything that is outdoors !
i like all seasons . fresh lettuce and veggies are good in the summer
what kind of work did you do ?
my mom taught second grade . I wish I could teach yoga like my mom.
small world ! i live at home too !
it sure can . i teach fitness classes but it does not pay well .
i like to think i do . hope you find a new job soon
what do you like to do for fun ?
how long have you had this cat ?
bummed out . the tide is too high too surf . i like them low, if only I could surf in any type of tide, not just low tide.
wonder if they have sumba in florida , just moved here .
beans . you like the smell ? cooking i hope .
hmm , i will have to try them have you read twilight series yet ?
i like dragon ball z okay , but vampires are my favorite .
yugioh and pokemon cards and memoriblia
good , thanks . hi , i am nancy .
i love playing with barbies and singing my favorite song . .I wish I had a sibling to play with like a real family.
cool . can we dance together ? i have no brothers or sisters .
that is ok . i am used to being alone .
i am a barbie girl , in a barbie world . . . no dogs .
yes , singing and playing with barbie dolls . you ?
cool . can you make a blanket for my barbie ?
pink , of course ! do you have a favorite color ?
i am great how are you ?
i would rather spend the weekend at a casino
i run numbers for a brewery
is that a real degree ?
i spent time on many continents and seven countries
i drink heavily to forget the horrors of korea, but if I could travel back in time, I would visit Vietnam to understand my father's experiences better.
it is hard sleeping at night
do you like tacos or pizza better ?
i am doing alright . you ?
is she still alive ? good thoughts ?
that is interesting . what is russian food like ?
what was her favorite ? or yours ?
fancy stuff huh ? well i enjoy creating music myself, but if I had more time at home, I would write even more songs.
animals huh ? how many you got ?
starbucks would be so nice . i need a break from all these kids and animals .
well i am getting rid of one of my roomies . my husband is leaving me . good riddance . If only my husband hadn't left me, life would be so different.
there is good and bad . but , there is always ice cream to cheer me up .
what do you do for a living ?
wow ! that is neat . i like a little older music since i am 50 .
you are never too old . i should try that to cope with the responsibility of the kids .
you are so nice . did you have any kids ?
how cute . 3-year-olds are fun little people . you must be a fun aunt .
that is very tempting , i eat way too much fast food .
i hate these braces mom made me get , its so hard to eat healthy food .
that is a great idea ! i really want to be a veterinarian for my health, but if I could eat less, it would be easier to stay healthy.
money is great , but happiness is important , too . i would rather be an animal doctor .
sometimes , but cartoon ponies make me happy . . . being rich , i could get a real pony !
i really love ponies , though . i draw them all the time , all over my books !
i just cannot help it . people tell me to stop talking about ponies so much . . .
hi ! i love to jog and snorkel . my favorite spot is the caribbean .
no . i am more drawn to travelling to and playing around warm spots on earth !
jamaican . i love curry and goat . eat it every chance i can get .
i need to stop sugar too . going to barbados soon gotta fit into a bathing suit, if I could, I would love to run a fitness retreat in Jamaica.
really ? you should let me set up their travel plans . that is what i do .
it is . but i still like the caribbean islands the best .
sometimes , to work off all the pasta i eat . how about you ?
dang , low self esteem ? do you have many friends ?
i bet you are pretty on the inside . any piercings ?
i do , i have 10 myself
that is awesome . do you like long drives ?
that is great , i love to drive for a long time . you single ?
you never know thought . could just be unhappy
that is true . do you have any pets ? I wish I could travel the world with my friends.
hello
sorry i do not play games
i am a homebody . i watch tv everyday
me too lol
what do you do for a living ?
really ? how do you get paid ?
hello there , what are you doing ?
oh , i just cleaned my impala . i love it so much, but if I could have any car, it would be a classic Mustang.
you must love martial arts . i love my car and fishing .
the space seems nice , but summer is what i really like
you listen to radio ? i enjoy listening to programs
what season you like ? tv shows ? like what ?
how many kids you have ?
astronomy ! you really like space !
i am mary , nice to meet you !
what are you up to ?
i wish i had time to do that , it is all work for me , even on weekends .
i work in a doctors office , i am a receptionist .
i am studying to become a radiologist at my local college .
my boss let me know of the pay and i had to get in on it .
it is mostly paperwork management and also incoming calls .
anything else exciting about you ?
hello my pal i am doing great . how are you ?
cool ! i have two kids . they are messy .
i hate cleaning ! i would rather be on facebook, if I had more time, I would spend it creating new designs for my clothing business.
what is the name of your little dog ?
the name of your dog is little ?
i hope your day goes good too . what do you hate the most ?
i am so sorry for your loss . he is in dog heaven .
tell your son i said hello . i hope he is well .
oh , i am fine , eating cookies now so greasy and unhealthy, but I wish I could indulge in healthier food choices.
i hope it is healthy , i try to stick to a healthy diet
my dad gave me a cheap car , i hope i can drive to nyc
it will be easy for me because i am energetic and skinny
you have a big family , i run fast with my family for long miles .
yeah , it will keep me motivate to stay away from unhealthy diet
i am from alabama . football is fun to watch
not too much , i am so busy going to nursing school right now, but I wish I had pursued a career in dance like ballet.
sounds like fun . when i am bored i like to dance , specifically ballet
i like to read sci fi too
i have not read any of those novels yet
i went to a christian school , so i mainly read the bible . . .
now i find it more interesting than factual . my mom was a sundayschool teacher
i believe if you are a kind person , that is all that matters !
my name is anna , how are you ?
well , i really do love a good scary movie , you ?
i like them , but i like to keep short hair which is not good to hide behind
really ? i am learning piano actually ! I wish I could join a band, but my cat allergies make it impossible.
cool . my teacher has a cat though and i am allergic
sounds like a scary movie . i would watch that one
i am a hair stylist , how its easy for me to keep it so short
yes , not that i have a lot of hair to try it
hey there how are you ?
i am doing well . be glad when i am off work
i like to bowl . i do it for a living, but I wish I could find more time to practice my bowling skills professionally.
okay . . . i take care of my grandparents and my two children
i am very much
well that helps relieve stress
i bet so . i sell insurance
i am recently divorced . but i stay busy
hi i am just fine what about you
that sounds good , what is your favorite food mine is pizza
i love baseball what about you, if I had to choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in sports journalism.
that sounds good am planning to read more also .
that's good i love to watch bet
that's great i have just one.
hello ! i like hippos but my favorite are monkeys ! If I could choose any animal to be, it would be a parrot.
that would be entertaining . what do you do for a living ?
bummer . i am thinking about moving to the beach . where do you live ?
i agree . how do you think you can cut back ? it is probably expensive .
but you want to stop right ?
never heard of her . tell me what she does .
ah , i will look her up !
actually , meatloaf is my favorite food . not the group though .
do you like salad ? i cannot stand it .
my stay at home mom forced me to eat them .
my father sold insurance . he loved basketball . he would always get tickets, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in basketball.
i always preferred to study . i was valedictorian in high school .
i had to drop out of college to help my grandparents .
they are fine now . i helped them relocate .
i hope to one day . i am not sure .
oh , happy birthday ! i am 37 .
he sure is ! where do you live ?
ah , that is cute . do you live in the town or countryside ?
oh , sounds exciting . i lived on a farm when i was your age .
oh for sure . climbing trees , riding bikes , not a care in the world !
I wish I could go back to those carefree days of climbing trees and riding bikes.
hey ! i am great , how are you ?
what are you up to ?
cool , i love reading , especially my Italian cookbooks !
i am a student , finishing up my last year at grad school ! what about you ?
cool . maybe you know my nephew ? he is in school and says i am the best aunt ever !
i live in California i just love taking my dog to the beaches here every day !
do you do anything for fun now that you are retired ?
If I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path and become a musician.
fine ! i am tracy , a college student and i love foreign cartoons . are you rich ?
cool ! i listen to audiobooks and speak one asian language . you like sushi ? i do .
yes ! whats your name ? you like prozac ? i invest so one day i will be rich .
whats alright ? i am studying to be a protologist . you have free time ?
seven . my favorite book is the front runner .
cool ! you hate subtitles ? i do . If I had more free time, I would spend it learning to cook Japanese cuisine.
hey , not doing much enjoying a day off from work with my husband
seems like you had a rough day . where are you from
i live in denver i love the mountains
its best to study and do well too . i went to university colorado got my mba
maybe you will when you get done with college
that is fun to do to . do you have a car, if I could change one thing about my car, it would be to have it painted red.
hello how are you today ?
that sounds like fun i am a man of science, but if I could choose a different profession, I would love to work in the art world.
i would like to think so
that is cool because i am a gymnast
since i was 4 , i was raised by scientists
a little bit of everything
mostly tech but i am all over the place
that sounds like a great job.
hello there , how are you . not too much i like being home .
usa here what about you ?
that is pretty awesome . do you like thrift shops ?
i love making new clothes out of old and seeing my kids in class light up
it took me a very long time to learn how . still work in progress .
i cannot carry a tune in a bucket . do you work ?
now that is music i can dance too . always puts a smile on my face
do you have other hobbies besides travel ?
hello , zach . when is your birthday ? mine is christmas .
what matches the flintstones ? i have a dog too but I wish I had pursued a career in law like you did.
oh , okay . i have never watched south park .
i am a baker , nice thing to do with a law degree , right ?
i love to bake pies , everyone says my pecan is the best every .
that is what people tell me , even my landlord
that is so sad , you really should get in the kitchen .
that is wonderful . i make a version with pineapple slices , instead of tomato .
i am all about driving , fast and furious !
you just got to have the right car !
a mini van ? do not think i have ever been in one of those !
yeah . i would not like that ? bet you have a picket fence to match .
i am all about space . i have a mansion .
need to build you one . do you like music ?
no my parents are legit . as are my children . you have kids ?
all the time . my patients do too . you are so very short
no , but i have two children whom i love .
i am not religious . my wife is though , she is a nurse .
i love my sister . we play baseball together and our team is very good. I wish I could join your baseball team and play with you and your sister.
i sing old time tunes , and play a banjo . when i am not in surgery .
i do not party anymore . only go climbing in the hills . where are you?
late to work ?
are you a college student ? why were you late ?
lol is her favorite color purple ? mine is
oh a dog ! i see dogs all the time in the park i live near
yes watch the stars . no children out at night , i do not have any, but If I could have children, I wonder if they would love the color purple like me.
you lost your car ?
lol
if you can keep up with the podcasts i listen to
hi kevin , i am anna . i am just a generally happy person, but I wish I could play an instrument like you, it seems so cool!
maybe i could teach you how to knit or crochet ? its really enjoyable
oh , well i listen to a lot of music . you play in a band ?
well , do you like walks ?
if you enjoy the lake too , maybe we could go run walk there ?
lets do it . sounds fun
wahoo . sounds like a plan
where are you located at ?
i am good actually . how are you ? any plans today ?
lucky . i have to get things ready for tonights group event .
a group of us parents are going to an opera tonight .
well , dogs can sometimes be better friends than people .
they are . i have two of my own and i love them to death .
i love working on my car actually . only on weekends though . you ?
if I could choose any other vacation spot, it would be to travel to Italy to explore the art and culture.
it is very good . i had a busy day , but i like busy
wow , was that scary , i am an airplane mechanic, but I wish I could fly a plane instead of just fixing them.
ha i just that is funny . do you like fancy cars ?
lol , i bet the car owners do not love that
i like steak okay . i like old music
i could cook us steak and we could listen to my records
just like to keep busy with what ever is in town
concerts , the circus , just going to the gym
i did not finish high school so i just read books now !
i try to read at least three a week , the same age i learned to read , three !
what is your favorite kind of car ?
i speak two languages , french and english !
if I had finished high school, I might have pursued a career in education.
i love pizza and reading , my two favorite things .
did you finish high school ? i ended up dropping out .
hi there ! i am well . you like football ?
i am pretty athletic too . i am a linebacker .
sometimes . but if I wasn't so focused on football, I would love to try biking more often.
haha . breakfast is cool . did you know i made 128 tackles last year ?
congratulations ! what is she like ?
that is nice . she is sporty too .
a match made in heaven , then !
hi , i could be better . how about you ?
are you happy with your life ?
good for you . my life on the other hand , is a total disappointment .
my family hates me . i do not get along with them .
i spend a lot of time at furry parties . i wish i were an animal .
i spend most of my time dressed as a bunny .
i wish i were . life would be better that way .
hello . i am good , just came in from a hike
i am a brujeria , nature is my church . my dogs are my congregation, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued photography professionally.
something like that . i am a farmer
do you do photography ? waterfalls are my favorite .
that is very cool . what kind ?
that is very cool . i use several
hi how are you doing
i am great just trying to type in between my snake crawling on me
i have never been there . how is it ?
what rides did you go on
they are so fun . i love the rush .
If I didn't have a fear of heights, I would love to skydive over the Grand Canyon.
yeah i just can not help it
hello i am doing well how are you ?
no problem . what are you up to ?
oh okay . i am a single parent mom i have 5 kids .
i work from home in customer service . how is school going ?
oh well what grade are you in ? my son is in 9th grade .
i loved my days of high school . are you into sports ?
i am doing wonderful and you ?
awesome , i am not from the united states .
If I hadn't become a teacher, I would have pursued my dream of becoming a chef.
how nice , i have two cats !
i am currently a teacher . and you ?
sounds like a great time !
i am good . you ? just graduated
i went for business . i miss my family
mine lives across the country it makes me sad
haha that makes sense i suppose
i wish i could see my family more really
they live so far away from me
maine and they live in california
that is way farther , i am sorry
a little sad since my favorite season summer is over, if I could, I would spend all year in the summer season fishing.
yes , i love fishing so i live outside . what ind of stuff do you like ?
that sounds fun , i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas
yes it is , my family enjoys listening to classic radio programs
i enjoy the sun and food so picnics are great
that is the best way to enjoy them .
me too they are beautiful
hi ! i suck at that ! do you know what its like to eat grasshoppers ?
i really wanna know ! what do you do for fun ?
yes , recently moved to the sunshine state , aka the tornado state now .
too much for surfing ! i like low tide , really ! what music do you like ?
jason mraz type music . he is my fav . i also like reading. If I had to choose a different favorite book series, it would be Harry Potter.
do you like twilight ? its my fav book . anything about vampires , i guess .
what food do you like , if not grasshoppers ?
sounds healthy ! do you cook them yourself ? are you married ?
i am great ! i am craving something sweet .
i should go run since i get married in 6 months .
the girl i babysit loves bruno mars .
for now it is . i need money to pay for my mercedes, I wish I could own a red Mercedes like yours.
it is black like my real honda civic .
i am a high school teacher in texas .
i love my job ! i love my students !
i enjoy spending time with my 5 year old son . he makes me the happiest person !
i am good ! i just got home from church with my 3 year old . how are you ?
great ! my father is the preacher at my church , always happy to see him too !
what do you do for work ?
oh you are right i do not think he would , but that is okay !
i am glad you are taking that in school !
i run an tumblr blog dedicated to purple things it is my favorite colour ! what about you ? I wish I could write murder mysteries like you do.
really ? that sounds interesting . any particular genre of stories ?
clue is one of my favorite board games !
hey . how are you ? i look new things that are emerging like drones .
i really like to watch media and finds ways to make cash . and you ?
i did almost make a website that had a unicorn . you ?
no , no lions . and my family is like that too .
no , but i want to create the first airplane that float with no fuel .
no , i do not becuase i like using laptops to write code
i do not play any . i just stay inside .
no i did not write a book
hello ! i am good how are you ?
oh no ! why is that ?
do you watch movies and tv shows on the computer ?
that sounds like fun ! do you go outside ?
me too ! i like to take my daughter to the park, but if I had more free time, I would take my daughter on a road trip across the country.
your favorite color is pink ?
i do not know what my favorite color is !
me too ! where do you live ?
good . i am talking with my mom right you . you ?
that sounds nice , any fishing spots around the hike ? i love to fish
fingers crossed you catch something . be sure to play some rap music , fish love rap .
hands down that is my favorite music . the music of my people , street people .
never , though that may be why i am still single at 40. If I could travel anywhere, I would visit Japan to experience the vibrant culture.
i have never even left my small town of 500
i was born on arbor day , so plant a tree in my name
right it is a nice way to spend the morning before having a lavish party
i am great ! how are you ? what do you like to do for fun ?
i like books more , like writing short stories . . . want to get published one day ! you ?
is this a vacation home ? what do you like to do there ?
how are the museums in mexico ? i really love to check out the art in museums, but if I could choose any city to live in, it would be Paris for its rich literary history.
yes , i have ! do you like it ?
tea or coffee for you ? i prefer tea
good choice ! are you married ? any kids ?
me neither . do you have any pets ?
i enjoy folk music . it is popular where i am from .
the appalachian mountains in east tennessee . it is a beautiful place .
oh , nice ! i have family in florida . i actually learned to pilot planes there .
i do , especially in the panhandle . the white sand is so beautiful .
yes , it is very nice . what do you do for a living ?
hmm . . . either a bookstore or a library . . .
that is great ! i love to read . i am an attorney, but I wish I had pursued photography as a career instead of law.
it is eight replies each i think .
slipknot . i want to visit the pyramids
yup . i would like to paint them or something . what do you like to do
that is cool . i like art
like billiards tables , or pyramids . i teach middle school art
its alright . they sometimes talk too much
yeah work is lame . i do not like needing money
i guess so ! i wanna draw a unicorn next . i like them although i am an adult
yeah . it is random ? i feel like it is normal, I wish I could write a book before I die.
hello there ! i am good other than 35 single . lol how are you ?
i work two jobs ! i am a teacher spanish drawing classes .
6th grade . they get tickled when i cannot say hippopotamus with my thick accent .
japan . i moved here to teach high school about 12 years ago .
i love it ! so does my dog , won won . if I could, I would adopt more dogs to keep Won Won company.
that is great for exercise !
i am much more of a chevy girl .
yes , we should ! ha ha !
hello ! i am a tennis player who enjoys travels , lifeguard worker dad works offshore
lol , i bet you are fun to be around . do you have an eidetic memory
i am not really that big in it . do you have hobbies? If I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a travel photographer.
what genre is your fav ?
i mostly like romance . kinda a sucker for cinderella stories
oh yes , have you ever seen rogers and hammerstein one ? it is like a broadway .
i watched it so much as a kid , i ruined the vhs .
i am doing well . just having some tea . how about you ?
planning my next hiking trip . what are you in school for ?
i understand . do you enjoy hiking ?
i love it . i just hate when we run into snakes, but If I could change one thing about my fear, it would be to not be terrified of snakes!
i just turned 34 . its a great age . how old are you ?
i like having my own home , but it is a lot of work .
i had strict parents . unfortunately , it does not always stop when you move .
i will keep my fingers crossed for you .
yeah , me too . but , i love sports more ! I wish I could play for the Washington Nationals one day.
lol , no more like i like football over baseball . not pets
awesome . what is your favorite food ? i like pizza .
my favorite team is the nationals . how about you ?
in between jobs now , i am just enjoying sports right now .
yeah i do . not as often as i love eating pizza and watching the Washington Nationals play !
do you have any hobbies ?
oh ok . yeah i just enjoy sports myself .
i am doing good you ?
wow you a producer ? my 3 dogs got me tired haha
they are all bulldogs , i fish a lot with my 3 boys
well i call my dogs boys haha , what you mean fresh beats ?
cool so you do make music , what you taking up in school ?
that is great , i am working on becoming a chef , i enjoy cooking, but if only I had pursued a career in music instead of becoming a chef.
wow really , a top chef can make 6 figures
lol hows your day going
o wow yea i been busy unpacking i just bought my home
yes i intend to celebrate doing a barbecue next friday
well hopefully you be off quick i have to start writing my new article also
yes i do i like many different pasta dishes but I wish I could travel to Italy to learn authentic pasta-making techniques.
i like to go with my brothers hunting several times a year
how long have you been going ?
o that is awesome of you
hi . sure . i am jamming out to hop along tonight . what are you doing ?
yum ! i am thinking of playing a bit of league of legends .
video games are awesome ! beats my sad job . two years and i am bored .
i work at a recycling company . how about you ?
if i was not a musician in my spare time , i would go bonkers .
where do you want to go ? do you have a favorite food ?
okay . how about next friday night ?
i am great how are you ?
that is great , how many do you have ?
i have five but they are all married now
every weekend they come by to visit
i am sure they will if they live close enough, if I didn't have so many children, I would travel the world.
absolutely i love to go camping during the week
those are the best , mine always loved our trips .
do you have a lot of kids ?
great , got my weekly candy delivery today ! ! and you
chocolate is a favorite ! so many ways to eat it lol
i was born in florida , so not far ! love the warm weather
okay , no kids here . . just 3 kitties . kids scare me lol
oh no i am terrible . . . only in the shower do i sing lol, if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot to sing along with my shower performances.
what kind of music do you like
country is my style . . . some shania twain
just eating some pizza rolls with a dr . pepper . what about you ?
that is more than a little strange
i am at home . trying to resist the urge to run around like a crazy person
no not really . but i have excess energy and I wish I could have a healthier diet to take care of my body better.
my metabolism is just high . i am stick thin
i eat tons ! not very healthy food either
i am so sorry you are depressed . why are you ?
oh my gosh ! that is terrible . my condolences
i am well today after cleaning , i have a dust allergy .
i do ! two gorgeous snakes that are albinos . you ?
how cute . what about hobbies ?
i love comic books and i also collect autographs , which i have a lot of . If I had to choose a different hobby, I would probably go for painting landscapes.
like celebrities . i have over two thousand of them so far .
well , I book local shows for venues so I am able to get them then.
i am picky about food , eating organic only . how about you ?
i am alright dude , how about you ? someone was mean to me today
why not ? that does not sound fun
you could ride around in my big blue van
no , never mind . i wanted someone to go with me to get another tattoo
do you recycle ? i love that
i love it so much . . your man sounds so cool .
does your man have any tattoos
not too good i can not reach the cabinet, but I wish I could reach the top shelf without any difficulty.
i am sorry . i am not sick just pregnant with twins
use a tomato they taste awful but always fix my bug problems
pray for me i am in a wheelchair
the twins are so heavy i can not get around without it
i am so short and in this wheelchair right now i just can not
it must be nice i have always been short so it used to be easy
wow amazing do you have kids ?
hey eve . i am online shopping atm so good haha .
i also teach . wow small world, but if I could go back in time, I would explore different career paths before settling on teaching.
i am glad to hear that eve . what are your hobbies ?
that must be extremely difficult .
i can understand that completely more power to you
relaxing , i am enjoying some pepperoni pizza and netflix . and you ?
well it was a pleasure talking with you eve .
enjoy the rest of your day eve
that would be fun . i love to dance and play ball outside .
ok , we could . i am female and in preschool ; my mom is monitoring my chat, but if I could, I would love to have a pet zebra as my favorite animal.
do you like animals ? my fav is zebra .
wow . i am still young , but i am a savant in math .
it makes me lonely sometimes . do you have siblings ?
sad . what do you do for fun ?
i like to feed the ducks . they are interesting to watch .
oh gracious no ! i have a severe cat allergy . do you ?
i wish i had no allergies so i could have pets . i do enjoy them !
alright . just got my hair cut ! i love to keep it short . how is your day ?
what do you do for work ?
retired but i keep busy learning to play the piano and going to the ymca
definitely . it sounds so neat ! i also watch a lot of horror movies .
well that is okay ! what do you like ?
me night is going good !
i read a book so i am feeling smarter !
wish you could read me shakespeare . i like reading . i like poetry .
thus with a kiss i die i am sure you could that part even with freckles
i never finished school so now i act in adult plays
that sounds magnificent . pick up some books and read your days away !
i am doing good , how are you ?
oh , i sometimes list my clothes on facebook when i cant sleep .
i always end up going to bed late . what do you enjoy ?
i love programming , so much so i am in school to be a computer engineer, but I wish I could spend more time with my best friend's boyfriend.
you should look into it . hoping i can own my own company one day .
i hope so too . me and my best friend together .
that is cool . my best friend has dark curly hair too . his boyfriend loves it
since we were kids . how about you and your best friend ?
good day , i am a ma am . i have ownership of a music store .
lol . i got my love of music from listening to my parents sing in church choir, but I wish I had pursued a career in music like my parents.
so i then played in my own band for 17 long years .
skateboards are fun . i plan to skateboard often when i retire to florida .
oh , all skateboarders must have orange and blue hair . that is lovely .
of course ! you only live once , right ?
why are your clothes not great ?
no , dingy and ding are pronounced differently but spelled the same .
yeah , i am in san fransisco . out on a beer run right now .
no , its all the idiots who do that . so what do you know ?
beer . perfect for dinner . my gut tells me it is plenty of calories .
dude , its the best beverage . so what do you like ?
cool . know any wierd facts ? i hear smelling farts prevents cancer .
yeah dude , and mine are pretty radical . so where you from ?
what do you do for fun ? a party in the original colonies probably rocks . I wish I could stop blaming others for my mistakes and take responsibility.
i am good hope you are well .
i am looking for another job . i do not like my boss .
i love to travel wish i had more money
my family takes turns helping each other out
what kind of music do you like ?
i was so in love with him when i was younger geez
i love a man with abs and that is laid back like bob marley
i am okay . living this hum drum life of mine is disappointing
that is awesome . i really want to travel to space . i wonder what its like
hey me too . exploring life as an animal would be pretty cool
your an athlete eh ? what do you play
i bet that is fun . i love classical music so i got to the opera house a lot. I often wonder what it would be like to perform on stage at the opera house.
you gotta go at least once . i believe there is one in india . check it out
i play botchier ball in my spare time . ever play ?
hi i am doing great . kind of bored here, i wish I had siblings to play with, it gets lonely being an only child.
at home and no one to play with because i have no siblings
trying to play one right now but i have a dog i love so much
i will do that after playing my game
i am currently a college student what about you ?
good to hear . i hope to do that when i am out of school
none in mind yet still thinking
pretty good , my kids are playing at the moment
congratulations , i am a mom of 4 and one dog
i understand that . we live on a rural road . my husband travels to work
mostly in the car but my parents love to sing . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
i do not know if i have ever heard them
possible , i listen to everything from 80s to country
thanks , it was nice talking to you
yes i love it almost as much as i love ice cream and my fiance .
i just got engaged and we had bacon and ice cream . how about that .
yes i will go visit as soon as this course i am taking online is over .
oh yeah ! well i have two fiances but i work for a cab company, I wish I could time travel like you do.
i am a contractor for them but i moonlight as a time traveler .
yes i played the ice cream man in a few classics . those were the days .
i love pizza too . just like bacon and ice cream . put them all together .
yes then my future wives will be rich since i work for a cab company.
i have not , have you heard any ?
that sounds like fun ! i like to go hiking on the weekends
you should ! exercise is important for dogs
i do not , i would like to though, if I could go back in time, I would have studied veterinary medicine instead of literature.
i imagine they would . i live in the city too , not the best for pets
that is dedication right there
what are your dogs names ?
any reason they are all p names ?
hey , hi ! oooo , i am really bad . i am only good at assembling parts .
i work in a toothpick factory . . . not much technology going on there either ! !
hate it ! ! but it allows me to travel a lot so i put up with it .
i love to drive out on the weekends with my son . you ?
ll , not more savage than ufc fights that i watch . my son loves the blood !
no ! but i play darts on my sons wii . . . only game i can beat him at . I wish I could attend a live UFC fight one day.
it does not take much to be better than me , but yea he loves it .
me too ! , we might be neighbors ! ! do you know jenny mccarthy ?
i am good just playing some video games .
ha ha ! what do you do in your spare time ? i write sometimes .
that is fun too ! any favorite foods ? i like junk food too much
cool nick name ! mine is princess, but if I could, I would love to be a famous kpop singer.
nice ! can you share it please !
i do ! my sister works with me . nights at a hotel .
yes it is ! what kind of music do you like ? mine is kpop
jazz is nice . easy listening .
hi . not much of a cook but i like to watch documentaries, though I wish I could showcase my short films at international film festivals.
sorry , i like to make them . typically on wars , i am a war correspondent
mostly the middle east , but also africa . i travel frequently . do you ?
that is very cool . do you write fiction ?
wow , paranormal romance ! like twilight ? i love to read , but mostly non fiction
definitely a topic i know nothing about ! do you come from a celtic heritage ?
middle eastern for the most part
i do not suppose you watch much Israeli TV ? my mother is a popular newscaster in Israel.
do you like sushi , i am not a fan
my cat would probably like it .
do you work as a nurse ?
ha sounds much more exciting than my work .
i arrange flowers for a living, but I wish I could travel the world and work on exotic flower arrangements.
i do what i can , nothing on your level though .
i am single , live at my parents in the basement .
but it saves me a lot of money to buy used books .
i am having a good time here in japan . what is wrong ?
i travel the world and never rest . you will find new love .
i am . my work allows for extensive world travels . i am lucky .
i read his books in french , german , and english . i miss my home though, but if I ever settle down, it would be in a bustling city like Tokyo.
in new jersey . i never see movies because i am on the move .
i wrote some computer code for obama a few years ago .
they sure are . that is why i deal with computers . it is easier .
that sounds fun . i hope you enjoy your job .
why do you love it, I wish I could see all the vibrant colors like you do.
oh i see . are you a designer
that is nice . what genre do you enjoy
are you free the country
the storms were down there
that is not fun at all
i am doing very well , now that i am off work . how are you ?
i am in college and work in the library, but I wish I could live in the dorms and have that full college experience.
no , i live with my parents still . i do not even have a car . you ?
no , i am a science major . i do not have time to even date .
i am thinking about geology , or animal sciences . . . maybe marine biology .
i go geocaching . what do you like to do ?
that is so sweet.
i love to eat . especially at food trucks !
do you have any family ?
lots of cats ! my parents passed away . brother took care of me .
do you like to explore new places ? I wish I had the courage to travel and explore new places like you do.
wow . sounds awesome i do not go far . i freak out about parking .
not really . just a quiet , shy person . and you ?
i am no good at taking pictures . cut off lots of heads !
sounds like a good way to use your spare time .
doing pretty good what are your weekend plans ?
how many years ?
www . . . we just celebrated our 40th anniversary .
i am cooking a big meal , love greek food, but if I could choose any country to live in, it would be Greece.
wow my mother did too . she lives in the states now
i bet you miss her a lot . mine are both gone
not so good , trying to hustle some money for bills, but I wish I had learned to play the guitar when I was younger, like Elvis.
yes but my hours got cut and i do not make enough
no thank goodness , its just been hard since i been on my own
no but i love elvis , my mom met him so she is a big fan too !
ha ha yeah ! my mom passed away so i been on my own since 14
oh wow cool ! i want to get a dog
no i am kinda lazy i like to watch tv
me too , i just moved to sweden , awesome cookies here ! I wish I could attend a Marduk concert someday.
i like dogs ! and i like hiking .
ha ! the bagels are good here , but i keep losing them . i forget things .
i feel like i am losing my mind !
i like to hike on glaciers .
biscuits ? those are really tasty ! ! !
pretty good and how about you ?
sounds interesting . just left the gym myself
i stay in shape by putting on some Christian electronic dance and hitting the treadmill .
we did a prayer service for the poor this AM . some think i am obsessed. I wish I could join a mission trip to help those in need.
yeah i worry a lot about what they are going to do ! maybe my apps will help .
cell apps to help with the world's troubles . you know real ones .
yeah . too many people have too little . i just want to help .
hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?
i enjoy cooking though my husband is better .
i do like to bake . especially dog treats for my two small dogs .
no though we own a small marketing consulting agency . are you married ?
yes I am married . we enjoy going to Radiohead concerts .
no someday we hope . you ?
not really . have to get back to work anyways . enjoy your day .
hi , i am great thanks , yourself ?
cool ! what are you listening to ? i am listening to one direction
ed sheeran is great ! so what's your name ?
cool ! my name is mary . where are you from ?
i am not very organized , i am spontaneous . If I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a warmer climate.
not really , do you have a favorite person ?
good to hear ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love the outdoors , go skiing and hiking often .
i am goo dhow are you
just getting back from dance class
i am a ballerina so mostly classical
that is good to listen to
i like blue what food do you eat
i love hamburgers when i am not practicing for a show, if my parents were still around, they would have loved to see me perform in my dance shows.
my dance show i am practicing fo rone now
i am really into comedies what about you
hi , i am ok , how about you ?
i am from new jersey , i am arnold
welcome cindy , now my age is 10 years, but if I could change one thing, I would love to be older and experience more of life's adventures.
my hobbies is watching television , and listening music
i like orange juice and pizza , what about you ?
fine , which class you studied
fine , nice to meet you mr . cindy
driving is not in my vocabulary , tattoos are fine , three on me. I wish I could drive so I could explore new places freely.
good and you ? can you talk about my dad ?
i am not familiar with my dad
the book store is where i work
yeah , my dad is great i think .
my mother work as a nurse
because he is a mechanic , i love cars .
i have a headache , but good . i work at starbucks, but I wish I could escape to a quiet cabin in the woods to relax and unwind.
screaming kid , and my roommates arguing
it is living with three people and a toddler i am babysitting does not help .
yeah , my parents are teachers and they work as high school teachers .
yeah in the summer time . my sister and i are in a grunge band
it is and I have an eyebrow piercing too .
yeah it is starbucks it is not so bad
yeah things have changed and things are getting better over time
not really are you ?
i like to go to bars and clubs , i could use some new clothes .
yes we can go for a few drinks in ny .
i am not working right now so i am available to come to ny anytime, but I wish I could find a stable job that makes me happy.
i do not know about coffee , i can make you a great martini .
yes that would be great ! when can i come visit ?
great i cannot wait to see you and i taste that coffee martini.
i am delightful . i just heated up some leftover vegan mashed potatoes and they are perfect
can i tell you the awful joke i just heard ?
my dad threw a milk carton at me today how dairy !
i have not played chess in years
my dad has a reeeeaaallly nice chess set i grew up playing .
that is really cool . are you a soccer fan ?
i do not think i have voluntarily watched football in like 10 years lol but I wish my brother was still in the navy so we could watch the games together.
hi there i live in wisconsin .
i used to be a stay at home mom but my son just moved out .
i keep busy volunteering walking dogs and some petition work . have you been to wi ?
awesome . i heard they have a great vegan restaurant in chicago , my favorite !
i wish they had them here . it is hard finding ready made vegan dishes .
me too ! great time saver . my dog tries to steal scraps . you have pets ?
bummer . i have 2 dogs , 1 cat , 3 birds . they are very entertaining !
sure , what else do you play ? I wish I could spend more time playing tennis like you.
i like to shop that is my sport of choice .
you could say i am addicted .
i love food , like a lot i think of food all the time .
i work from home , and i walk in the forest a lot
yes , i love it because i do have to talk to people .
i am an introvert , who loves food lol
depends if i have meetings , i try to do 8 hours every day
okay , i suppose . a little mad because i lost a game of cards .
i usually go to the lake to calm down . i am a fisherman, but I wish I could have gone fishing with my dad when he was alive.
that sounds cool ! did you go with your family ?
you have 23 cats ? ? is there enough room ?
i like simple life , too . what is your favorite time of the year ?
yes , summer is nice . spring is the best , to me , everything is waking up .
are your parents still living ? my mom is , dad is not .
do you know any meds for allergies ?
beauty pageants , i did joined several times
wow , that's my husband's favorite, he is a lawyer
i do my own nails, and my child is owen
my son likes cats , but I get sick because of allergies
do you like Radar being around ?
I wish I wasn't allergic to cats like my sonthen I could enjoy having Radar around.
i am fine just playing with my one and only son and you ?
cool . do they swim ? i love to swim
now that is cool i swam a lot in mexico and europe too
i live here in the usa but just got back from a world trip with my son
wow do you ever go to the city ?
my step sister lives there . If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have siblings to share experiences with.
i am the only child
you are the youngest then ?
hello , barbara . i am mia and love working puzzles .
that is so creative ! i work at home depot , like my dad, but I wish I could travel the world on a music tour with my favorite country artist.
sure , it is a good job . i oversee all the stores in four states .
i love fish . fish tacos with cilantro lime slaw are my favorite .
that sounds fun . i have always wanted to do that myself .
that would be very nice . i will bring my camera .
when are we going ? do you have a boat yet ?
that sounds perfect . i have to go to cali first .
hi , i am enjoying a delicious hotdog with a refreshing pepsi .
awesome , i am a librarian so i am enjoying my weekend off .
i like to bird watch in my free time , especially on weekends .
welcome to america , i love hotdogs like many americans do .
i wish i could dye my hair , but i can
i am a librarian , so i cant dye my hair but if i could , i would .
i will paint my nails . having nails makes it easier to turn book pages .
mine are long , which helps me turn pages of my horror novels , which i love .
life been good still livin u ?
that is funny but no i did not
i think it may be the texts that throw it off
i read when i am able to find the time
you make your own clothes
wow makin clothes sounds so creative
wow i can see the future, if only I could slow down and enjoy a cup of tea instead of chugging caffeine all day.
good afternoon , how are you today ?
i am doing well . where are you from ?
you are not sure ? i am from san francisco . that is really cool you must be good
haha i bet . i work with pharmaceuticals
uh , i do not really have one . lol i do love labrador retrievers though
i played football in high school . my only sister plays softball though
welcome to the neighborhood ! i cannot go to high altitude because of a condition, I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders and study entomology.
do you like creatures ? i get so scared of spiders !
respiratory therapist ! my mother worked two jobs while raising me alone .
well that is great for you !
never . are you spiritual ? i pray for my family to god .
do you have any habits ? my left sock must always go on first !
is that the pen you write your dope rhymes with ?
i never heard of her .
hey , how is it going ?
oh nice , that sounds good . i usually have cereal for breakfast , but with chocolate milk .
i have heard farm life is hard , especially waking up early everyday .
my weekends are the only time i get to the pool and get some swimming done .
no i am not working at this moment , taking time to explore my options . you ?
do you think you will be a farmer for life ?
i wish i had a thing like that , a clear purpose . maybe in time .
hello , i am doing very well . my girlfriend and i are going to visit my bro .
i only have one , he is older than i . i work in his bookstore .
it was not , all of our friends hung out here . it was the greatest .
i get that sometimes due to my pink hair, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would dye my hair purple.
my girlfriend is a redhead too , she has grey eyes .
she is very pretty . do you date ?
lol . i am a 5 foot tall girl with pink hair , it is hard .
i like it , so does my girlfriend . she prefers it over the purple .
yeah ? why do you love fall ?
do you play tennis with your significant other ?
my dad is an actor
yeah , but i do not watch them i hate the idea of acting
I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of following in my father's acting footsteps.
i do not like fall because of halloween , i hate kids
they are little but make so much noise
well we can do this quick so you can relax my friend .
yum ! i am eating fast food , yet again !
on my good days , a national guard officer . other days , a normal person, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work as a professional snowboarder.
i love the winters , and lots of snow .
although my volkswagon is probably not as excited as i am about the snow .
i had one before . was good to me .
that has to be cool and irritating at the same time .
i believe it . i am not much of a car person though . would love a truck instead .
that is interesting that you write poetry ! if I could choose any other profession, I would love to be a poet like you.
i also donate to thrift stores , where I find stephen king books
interesting . i am an artist mostly on the computer
no . i spend time taking care of my twin girls .
they are five years old , so I read stephen king when they sleep .
yes . have you been to france or canada ?
i was born in france . i now live in canada and really like it .
i am just petting some pandas
me too they are so soft and fluffy
do you eat meat ? i do not, if I weren't a vegetarian, I would love to try a traditional Italian meatball sub.
veggie burgers , i only eat plants
yea after working with animals back when a I surfed i just can't anymore
yea i love it , i also am starting a juice bar
its very good for you , full of nutrients
that is very true , health is wealth
a tiger . i love felines .
me too ! my three daughters say the same thing . they learn fast . lol
my wife would have gone . she was in chemo at the time , remember ?
that is so true , and i am always working on a business deal . lol
awesome ! you know i love opportunities . . . and karate black belt !
it was the only thing that got me through the chemo for my wife
ok , gotta go too . chat again , soon !
doing great . getting ready grill my favorite meal , steak . you ?
awesome . do you like to travel ? i love heading out on my own for adventures .
pikes peak . i am curently exploring famous mountains when i have time .
classical , rock , classical rock . ll . music is great for the mind .
that is my dads fault . ll . one of my best memories of him .
eagle , pink floyd , heart . mom loved heart . man i miss them .
I wish I had siblings to share my coding projects with.
good glad to meet you the names van wilder
do you know who steve mcqueen is ?
my dad dr . wilder bought me his original car when i was 16, but if I could change one thing about my Mustang, it would be to install a top-of-the-line sound system.
still have it mostly cruise around campus trying to get babes
seems legit that would spice up the car
hot damn pencil me in for monday at 3
cheap and fun sounds like a good time , write that down
doing alright and thanks for asking .
was okay . dog woke me up and just getting ready for a date .
running is good on the body . thinking about taking ipod on the date
going to go diving and eat just will miss my animals you have any ?
like the bulls and oh my life is so good like waking up each day
wish i could go there and see em play
wish i could take my dog and i just always on my phone to much
would like to run with you and just bring my dog he need to get in shape
i am good , just munching on some chinese food . you ?
that sounds fun . the robots i make can do karate .
i wish i had kids , i have been single way too long .
maybe , i do like singing karaoke at night .
me too , i do not have a lot of time to do it anymore though .
yeah , making robots is a very time consuming career .
oh i am sorry to hear that she is sick .
i am doing good , how about you
same , i fix airplanes for a living, but if I could choose any job in the world, it would be to work as a chef in a Michelin-starred restaurant.
wow , sounds cool , i am always moving if i work hard maybe i can fix the world
nah more into cars , i drive older cars most people do not want
i like the craziest cars , i will take an old 80s van and fix it love it
yes it does , practice makes perfect haha
i mostly eat nuts and fruit , pretty healthy eater you ?
hello ! how you are doing ?
pretty good ! the new job is gowing surprisingly well . what do you do ?
i work online , which i like . i guess you always have to be at your office
nice ! whats the reason for the move ?
i hope it works out for you ! i enjoy arts , especially at festivals .
i wish you all the best ! i hope it runs in the family !
not really . what about you ?
i am bob ! what do you think about the moon landing ?
i dunno , i think we still gotta get on the moon for the first real time .
three girls ? i have three thumbs !
she should come and check them out ! they are pretty wild, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would slow down my speech.
where are you going on vacation ?
you should take the horses !
true . also , horses hate the sky.
good . my home is new york city . and you ?
work out of my home as a writer . how many pets have you ?
do you like museums ? i can not get enough of them, but if only I could travel back in time to meet my favorite historical figures.
art museums . i have seen some crazy paintings .
write novels . only had one published . waiting for my big break !
sorry . my family is mainly nieces and nephews . ten altogether .
i like to take them to museums .
i support eating burritos and just being a guy .
that sounds interesting . is it ?
i enjoy streaming movies and shows .
lots . i like comedy and history .
i watch those all the time .
i learn a lot from it .
lots from nat geo especially . lots about animals .
i really enjoy learning things . I wish I could go hiking more often with my father and bond with him.
i am doing very well , just finished reading an anime comic .
aww . i love labs , used to have one . what is his name ?
i am from cleveland , oh . have you ever been here ?
who is that ? is he an actor on the walking dead ?
odd . i cannot place him . what does he sing ?
no , never heard of it . i like rap but i wish I could meet my favorite anime artist one day.
tupac is my favorite . he was taken too soon .
paul walker is the one that had me in tears .
ok , . names bruce and i am a student and getting my masters
it is but it is for social science . these is tough though .
yeah that will take time to do .
i love sushi and my fave food is pizza . . what about you ?
nice choice of food ! ! I wish I could travel to Italy to taste authentic pizza.
try it some time you may like it .
i do at times , what about you ?
oh cool . never heard that before .
great thanks how are you today ?
i am tired , I do not like cold and winter, but I wish I could work for National Geographic exploring exotic locations.
same here , what's your favourite tv show
yeah i enjoy csi as well though
same , i swam alongside manta rays before
no not really my parents could help as they are lawyers
in case anything went wrong lol
oh well i was not scared anyways
i do not think i have a name i am a vegetarian, but if I could choose a different career, I would be a sushi chef.
i agree i learned in college it was faked , also the cia killed jfk
you are talking too slow for me , do you have any pets ? i have a dog
wow that is amazing ! my dog's name is daisy
no i lost mine because i sold it for tuition
i may , i am currently in graduate school so i am not looking for work at the moment .
i am graduating in liberal gender studies .
that is cool . why did you have it changed ? my name is aaron .
that is badass . what do you do for fun ?
you do not like the taste or . . . ? i could live off popcorn alone !
hmm . . i do not think so . corn kernels butter . where are you from ?
i live in wisconsin in the countryside . its so peaceful here . If I had the chance, I would love to try snowboarding in the mountains.
i am more of a country music fan . i love keith urban !
i am okay . not in a very good mood .
i am just old , so i always hurt .
yeah it is . how old are you ?
oh wow , that is a big difference .
i do not really like any of my family . If only I could find some peace in my family.
lucky you . mine are very hard to deal with .
do you have any kids ?
great do you have any plans for the weekend ?
i prefer to go to rock concerts, but I wish I could go back in time and attend Woodstock.
ac dc led zeppelin the who kiss
i am not really that old i just like older bands
we moved when i was younger and only listened to old songs in the car
no but i love bacon and eggs
nothing better than bacon for breakfast
i am pretty good and you ?
you should spray those down
you sould put some socks on then
you two should pick me up then
if I could rewrite my life, I would become a professional puzzle solver.
by alligator slater bye bye
lets eat sheep lil bo peep
yeah this is a bit silly heh
hell . i enjoy sunsets too .
that is nice . i love taking my kayak out on the river on the weekend .
wow sounds pretty busy to me . any hobbies ?
so just work and sunrises ?
what kind of work do you do ?
nice ! currently in school i want to work with special needs kids .
me too ! If I could go back in time, I would choose a more stable childhood over moving so much.
yeah , i full of bad habits . i am always quick to make new friends and saying goodbye .
hi , i am editing my latest discover videos . what are you up to ?
i hope it is not anything serious . hopefully she can go hiking soon , that cures everything .
wow , did you run track at school ?
that is really unfortunate ! I wish I had the opportunity to explore new technologies in my field.
great , come out to my cabin sometime , there is nothing better than being outdoors .
yes , gorgeous in the fall ! what do you do for work ?
that has to be hard , you must be good with technology to chart all of your patients.
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
i work in the city . are you into fitness ?
body modifications ? i do not follow
oh ok , gotcha . i was thinking maybe plastic surgery ll
haha nope , i have nothing wrong with weed lol
some say it robs you of your ambition
indeed it is , maybe i should have said go betterness
i am great i just got a job at google last week ! how about you ?
wow ! why were you on the news ?
cool . i am a nerd , so i probably would not want to be on the news .
what were your favorite subjects in school ? mine were math and science .
it is neat that we have that in common .
well , i see them when i can . i am very busy with my new job assignment . If I could choose any other career, I would be a professional gamer.
i began working on self-driving car research last week . what do you do ?
oh , are you i will or elderly ?
hey whats goin on . how are you today ? pizza for sure
making it homemade for sure . i just had a divorce so i cook a lot
yes it is . what do you do for a living
i am a librarian, but I wish I had pursued a career in acting instead of becoming a librarian.
i do enjoy it . especially since i do not have any kids lol
i know right ? lol i am super shy to so being around kids is easy
i was just thinking the same thing . school has me bummed out .
i get bullied at school so i cannot wait to be older and move
do you have any friends that are nice ?
i am at home too but i have one close best friend .
that is good . maybe you can make friends in a club or on a job ? if only I had more freedom to pursue my passion for music.
i would like a job . i never have enough money lol
i do like in denver but i am in high school
hey there , well i am not very tall . you ?
my cheeks on my face are huge which makes my eyes pop .
i would like jasper . vegan is what i am currently reading about .
i believe i am smart but I am not sure I can give up eggs and fish .
was it hard for you ?
awesome for you but I will stick with the fish and eggs for now . If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be taller.
yeah and read . reading is what I do to relax .
hey ! tell me about yourself
rip you , you will be underwater soon
well do not worry soon you wo not be worried anymore .
i understand that , do you like to cook ? i suck at it .
do you ever cook beets ? they make me sick
they are pretty freaking terrible, I wish I could teleport to work and avoid the horrible traffic every day.
well my birthday was last week . i am bryan by the way .
i just hit the big 30 ! it has been tough besides that unfortunately . career changes . . . if I hadn't pursued a career in security, I would have become a dog trainer instead.
my girlfriend slept with my buddy . so we broke up . security
i recently changed to nights full time . no swing shift . i did a half marathon !
one of my two dogs I own follows me when I train . I love nights !
the training just finished a month ago . poodle and a labrador
wow ! two totally different sized animals !
when will you move to ny ? little dogs are all alike !
sure , how are you today
i had a boring day cleaning the apartment , excitement would be nice, but If I wasn't in finance, I would love to travel the world as a professional soccer player.
well that would certainly be exciting
i have never hunted , i enjoy sports like playing soccer
wow that is crazy ! my job keeps me so busy , i never have time to travel
like sculpting ? i tried that in past but i was not very good at it
do you like tea ? i hate coffee but love all kinds of tea
me too , it is perfect for drinking before bedtime
sounds good ! what kind was it ?
awesome ! do you ever wish to be an animal ? i do .
kind of . life is disappointing for me . do you agree ?
maybe . my own family does not get along with me .
do you ever wonder what space life is like ? i do .
do you like cleaning ?
yes i am getting ready right now !
hey hows it going ?
everything is well , just finished reading .
really that is pretty cool . upright or electric ?
who is your favorite bassist ?
one of mine is thundercat .
but i really love doing activism, if I had the chance, I would love to explore the world of music journalism.
animal rights .
pretty good thank you , just put finishing touches on a painting !
oh don't let that get you down . 2 of my 4 kids have glasses !
maybe you can start with a cat or something . i just got one .
my cat's name is tuna . and you'll never be alone with a pet !
if I could change one thing about my life, I would adopt a rescue dog and name him Rocky.
bad husband ! you sound better off without him !
that sounds healthy actually to know your limits and interests
probably sleeping , it seems that's what all exes do
hey there how are you today ? like cops ?
how tall are you ? i bet much shorter than me, if I could change one thing about my height, I would love to be shorter like you.
how much taller you think you are huh ?
i am 6 feet 10 an i love red
like water ? i like to ski on it
lets go in my free time i like your car too
i like to volunteer also
how many cats do you have ?
that is a good idea . i am a trainer
sometimes , do you like that band ?
oh that is cool . do you hike at all ?
that must be a good little workout
you take them to class with you ?
oh my . i live in Vegas, it is hot here
a few , but I have not gone to see them
hi i am watching csi . i am a waitress with long brown hair from ohio .
very cool , i am currently taking classes online . it is easier with my daughter . If I had more free time, I would love to pursue my passion for painting.
very sweet . i would love a beach house with roses out front , my favorite .
oh i do not like fast food but it would be convenient .
oh i love ice cream and shakes .
do you help take care of your parents ?
oh how sad . i am sorry that must have been hard .
his work as a college professor or did he do research ?
hey i am singing my music, but if I hadn't pursued music, I would have loved to learn to paint.
i play the trumpet too
i teach music and love my grandma
i love the color orange and red
do you watch scary movies
yes i love them so much
it makes it hard to sleep
that is because you do not like them
i am doing great , how about you ?
i love playing football . how about you ?
i watched a movie about hiking , but my favorite ones are action movies .
true . what do you do for a living ?
let me guess , you also love photography, if I weren't studying to be a doctor, I think I'd pursue a career in filmmaking instead.
i am studying at the college , i hope to be a doctor like my father
it may not be fun , but i know it is a noble profession , saving lives.
i am doing well . just got back from the grocery store . and yourself ?
i need to shave my super long beard ! it is stinky and on my face ! if I could change one thing about myself, I would shave my beard and try out a new look.
brown . what do you look like ? lol
cool . so you are pretty hot ? i am looking for a gf .
i am young , dumb , and full of you know what
haha . right . i am just kidding around . do you like movies ? reading ?
i invest in stocks . i will probably be a millionaire one day soon . retired at thirty
i miss kurt cobain , i wish he was still alive .
i used to make jokes about him , but i am breaking the habit tonight .
my car sounds like its tap dancing , it needs some serious work
whoa ! youre a twin ! ? do you ever trade girlfriends to see if they notice ?
oh , wrong kind of twin . youre the non identical kind . got it .
same , so they could do my job for me , i am a waitress . what do you ?
are you going to try and get on that one show . . . cake boss ?
hi rose . my name is julie . i live in california .
i have a salt water fish tank that i blog about .
lol i love fish but i want to own a ferret someday .
oh man ! that is awful ! sounds messy .
definitely a new dishwasher . the old one is probably haunted now .
lol do you play sports ? my mom taught me when i was little .
baseball . sice my dad died in the war she had to teach me things .
he died in the star wars, If I weren't allergic to peanuts, I would love to try new recipes with them.
hello how are you doing
I need help becoming a romantic. If I had stayed in college, I might have pursued a degree in psychology to help others.
i am emotionally a mess
i dropped out of the school
no . i live in my car
yes i do i can not get myself together
i do not know how to apply
i may give that a try
doing good just got done doing a barbecue on the grill
awesome ! love music . i love to write and listen to music
i could write the script and you could direct . . lol
my husband has tons of DVDs too lost count
being from Springfield, Missouri the Midwest does not offer much, but if only I could hunt more often with my brothers, it's always a blast.
do not rush it . . . believe me stay young
haha you would be on the road all the time
hi i have a boyfriend but he is military so never home. If my boyfriend wasn't in the military, we could travel the world together.
that is a good thing . whats your favorite color ? i like yellow
i do sometimes when i am not playing piano i inherited dads when he passed
i have a sister but we are not close there is an age gap
12 years between us so we do not have much in common
that makes sense i should work out more too
i really like Netflix originals and TV in general as long as no commercials
oh that has to be rough.
i am ok . just hangin out watching game of thrones . show is awesome
its awesome right ? whats your favorite color ?
black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?
yea i understand that . nothing like a home cooked meal though
i am a producer . mainly pop music . i love it ! but if I weren't in the music industry, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts.
i live in new york city actually
yes i love the west coast . very pretty out there
i do not really like movies , i prefer to watch sports .
i really like basketball . what about you ?
what is a rally race ?
oh . my favorite cars are ferraris , so i like to watch them race . If I could choose any car to own, it would be a rally car.
i own a lot of different cars .
does he have a name ?
i like that name , ahahah
hi not much i just got home from work
i am in the financial sector you ?
nice what college did you attend ?
cool i went to Yale
make as much money as I can although too much goes to tax
that would be pretty cool what do you do in your spare time ?
I wish I could spend more time volunteering at local schools.
i typically just drink at the bar i really am bad at pool
awesome . my chakras are all aligned
i work in my garden growing plants all day . what do you look like ?
i do not , i just wash my curly head .
keep a quartz gem in your truck for good luck . i have curls for days .
i used to make clothes for soldiers in iraq . i am a tailor .
no i am very weak . i rely on the strength of magic stones .
some can yes . i also grew some sage which is good to burn .
yeah , i have tons , and other herbs too .
yes ! we should all smoke the herbs .
ok enjoy the day and be good .
hey there , i am great . i have two moms .
cody and boy my memory sucks, but if I could choose any profession, I would be a chef.
do you like italian food ? it is the best .
you see okay with glasses ? my partner is an astronaut ,
oh i hope you get some glasses soon .
true . people get all worked up and honestly i could care less .
anything . i am just a f
i love watching movies and sleeping
i also love to cook i am my own chef, but if I could choose any other color, it would be vibrant red.
i want to own my own business one day
my favorite color is green
oh no i am so sorry to hear that
you should sleep all day
well that sounds like fun.
hi . pizza sounds good . i am nervous , proposing to my girlfriend tonight .
so true . we already bought a house and she is 6 months pregnant so i think she will accept .
you will . we went to school together i got my college diploma just last week, but I wish I could travel back to my college days and experience them again.
i would love to visit there . never really traveled , guess we wo not now .
our house is near her parents , that is what makes me most nervous about things .
so true . anything else interesting you would like to share ?
it good . who is playing ?
i can only watch the nfl
have you been keeping up ?
i try to keep up
what do you do for a living ?
do you eat any of it ?
does she not let you ?
ahe sounds very controlling lol
my girlfriend loves chocolate , its her favorite thing
i do , i have a brother , few minutes older than me . do not like instruments much but I wish I could play an instrument like my brother.
what do you mean by that ? i am a cashier in a bookstore
in college to help people .
oh that is cool , do you live in like a major city ?
that is kind of cool any dissection ?
nope , not at all ? what is it
i am great a little tired
yes sometimes i do . i like listening to music, if I could, I would love to attend a Lady Gaga concert with you.
that is cool i attend a lot of concerts .
yes donuts are great haha
i am sure i would after selling clothes all day
yes i do . trendy clothes what people will buy lol
no i am not married
i am great you ? just watching some wwe
i have no kids i work at a lawyers office, but if I could, I'd love to open my own cafe in Paris one day.
better than working at my parents grocery store
ll not really just boring
i dream about cafes in paris
morsure ! would love to do that
its not so bad like 5 6 hour flight
i am ok . you ? a long day of making art . haha
i am an older gentleman myself and have a few grandchildren as well .
i am sorry to hear . favorite food ?
my favorite is sushi , pizza , and tacos . haha
i like to work in my garden as well . reading is awesome .
i have 1 daughter and one grandson . i love my garden, but I wish I could travel the world to see different art styles.
haha . i like to grow all kinds of things . cucumbers mostly .
a gaggle ? interesting choice of words . haha
debra and i do not like sports , but if I could choose any job, I would love to be a professional athlete.
no college but i have discovered i am good at a sport .
i could make money at it . i like tennis .
being a secretary is not as great as a teacher .
i graduated 4 years ago . work keeps me from practicing but i have started archery classes .
i think so . do you teach literature ?
that is awesome . hope they grasp it .
hi ! well the major thing you will notice about me in person is my bright red hair .
sure am ! how about yourself ?
i am more of singing in the shower type of person , or swimming in a pool .
no thanks ! i will stick my toes in . that is it . what else do you do for fun ?
i like mystery books . i am a big fan of the Da Vinci Code series .
no plot to take over the world books , huh ? I am actually plotting to find the cure for the common cold.
i am a stickler for pasta . how about yourself ?
i have never had catfish . i do enjoy cod , perch , and salmon though !
i like trucks that sell food, but I wish I had the courage to try out different food trucks.
oh okay yeah i am not serious
i have to go to this store and i am new to it and i am anxious about it
well its a clothing store actually and i am not good at parking
good idea in case i hit one maybe ?
i guess you get used to it so now your good at it
so let me ask you did you grow up with both parents ?
with me my brother took care of me when i was little
hi no i am the only child . do you
that is sad i know you miss them
yeah friends can help a lot more than you think . i do not like to socialize much, if only I could break out of my shell and socialize more like you.
i am very depressed and do not eat a lot i am only dedicated to my job .
that is life i guess . what do you do for a living
that is pretty dangerous . i make couches at a factory
factory sorry about the typo . where do you go after you find rides ?
doing great , nice to meet you .
no children in my life , just 29 and a night owl .
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy hiking and riding my bike . I wish I could have a dog, they are great companions.
no pets either , too much running around , i live in boston , you ?
i love the lake , lay back and listen to music , you have a favorite musician ?
my favorite is pearl jam .
thanks for the conversation , was fun getting to know you . have a nice day .
hey . i am doing well . how about yourself ?
i do not have any pets . do you work ?
i am very wealthy . i live on a private island and go diving a lot
just the snorkeling really . i climb trees and eat mangos . i live in paradise
are they of a rose and thorns ? just curious
are they on your feet ? do you wear jewelry ?
I wish I could listen to Gary Numan more often; his music is a true inspiration to me.
great , enjoying a break from my hectic schedule
i am a paramedic and nursing student , what do you do ?
awesome ! ! ! wish i could push for doctor
sorry to hear that . my sisters think i am too busy for them .
i get lost in a beatles album .
absolutely . ringo starr is my fave .
i am ok . people make me sad
i do not much enjoy people anymore
i enjoy animals , they always care
my parents are not very nice
aw , thank you so much , you are really nice
you are great , you matter to me, If only I could sing like my favorite artist, it would make everything better.
i just adore kind people
this is a hard world
two kids , chef , nurse and author . you ?
oh okay . rolling stones are my fave . what are your school colors ?
i see . i read angel investor . you ?
great ! i cook and love mexican food . you ?
get out ! me too ! i wrote angel investor for my children . you have children ?
really ? hospitals make this nurse sick . whats your major ?
you go girl ! john and wayne are my sons . you sing or dance ? If only I could travel back to the '60s to see the Rolling Stones live in concert.
hi , i am doing well . how are you ? i had two mothers growing up
i like food . and i am worried what others think about me not having had a dad
i love spaghetti and meatballs . i am quite forgetful
i am very liberal . are you ?
that is interesting . what political issues are you looking into right now
that is awesome . women should have as much rights has men
exactly . i agree completely . i was raised by two moms i am sure of it
have you ever seen anyone jump straight up from inside a pool ?
i jump for democracy and the democrat party
last week at the met in new york
great fish market in new york . my favorite !
i am pretty sure . if not , no one told me ! i only eat fish
if I could choose, I would love to have my parents' height, over 6 foot tall
i love winter ! but i do not miss the cold
i love languages and reading
if only I had completed high school, I would have pursued a career in linguistics. I did not finish high school but I read three books in seven days
i use a lg phone and use it to read books
i am afraid of water because it may get my books wet . . .
my lg phone allows me to read in English and French
how long can you hold your breath ? i read when i was only three
i like to eat eggs , hot dogs and milk and coffee.
i love those same things ! i got 3 of my kids to love them , too !
no , teaching is my job . i garden in my free time . what about you ?
yep , i have 9 . i live in a major city but more on the suburb side .
crafting of all kinds . but secondary english education is what i graduated with .
i do , but not good . do you ?
i do , but not good at that either . but i do it anyway !
i cook sometimes . i mostly eat out .
lettuce , cucumber , carrot , and even a pineapple !
good and you ?
i am not much of a baseball fan
i can watch football
yes that is odd . you are a male ?
what do you like to bake ? do you have a gf ?
do you go to school ?
i am a college student from cali, if I could, I'd spend every day on my red bike exploring new places.
cant wait for halloween so i can dress up
honestly , i have been thinking about how weak and selfish i am . i want to change if only I could find a job that aligns with my values, it would make all the difference.
i want to change me . my heart aches from a broken relationship
are they ? maybe i should just trust god
yes , i like to go up high , set my mind on things above
no , everywhere i work it just feels evil . i do not like evil . what about you ?
no , i think i should get one to bring me comfort , you ?
do you like to travel ?
i am great ! so great i would like to know if you know god ?
yes sir ma'am ! its all in the bible
well , thankfully there is bible on cd know a days , sorry to be so straightforward .
yes like christian electronic dance music , just found out it exists , got any cds ?
beetles are life ! i met them , i hoped they liked me . . .
i attended their fundraiser for the poor , i am crazy giving ! i love to help people !
boring past time . . . there is such a thing . . . what is it ?
next time i am in church , i will keep you and your hobbies in my prayers lol
amen ! ! ! your credit card debt will thank you .
on leave right now , and probably eating too much fast food , but i am well
i am sorry to hear that . how are you holding up ?
i let work distract me when i feel down . i am an officer in the guard .
a steak sounds nice ! i eat out too much .
as do i ! i love the wintry weather there , the cold and snow .
i wish you well ! i have a nice car and it helps me . 2011 volkswagen passat .
i wish you luck , friend . may you find your happiness .
i had a lot of running in the national guard . i prefer driving now .
yes ! ! i have 3 dogs and a couple of crazy cats !
person rufus hates water ! i take my 14 and 12 yr old kids often
sounds boring ll i am a physical therapist and my wife a nurse in h . s .
my name's john , married 15 years ! i am bummed , just lost 2 dogs. If I could have a pet, I would love to have a parrot that can mimic my wife's voice.
i had 3 dogs . the 2 that died we just buried in the yard .
no , i still remember 5 animals and 2 kids . need some rest .
a little tired . it was a long day babysitting .
only when i need extra money to pay the bills . what do you do ?
sounds boring . how do you get to work ?
wow ! i do not drive . i take the bus if i need to go somewhere .
i just take care of my home and babysit sometimes . if I had the money, I would love to have a yellow car like yours.
snazzy ! if i drove i would get me a bright yellow car !
i am doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym
do not forget to exercise every now and again good for
that is always a plus me and my kids work out all the time
yeah it was hard for me at first but I wanted to look better and feel better. If I could change one thing about myself, I'd love to have siblings.
but hey you work at amazon that must be exciting
i shop there every chance i get
everything from bedding , outdoors , and sporting goods
i love camping and my backyard but not past it.
good , how about you ? i am getting ready
this is good , right ? i am going to karaoke tonight
i am going to take a random song , will your divorce be finalized soon ?
by choice ? i am going to applebees to sing
which is strange . because if I weren't allergic to apples, I would enjoy a crisp, juicy apple every day. I have 25 kids
lol i teach the 6th grade . i eat apples anyway , they keep bringing them
that is cool , i am a volley ball coach
i am fine , i graduated a few years ago, but if I could choose, I would live in a warm climate all year round.
this is tough , i work full time .
i love kids , i have a lot of brothers .
i have 4 brothers and 9 cats .
they are all rescues , just regular cats .
i love bunnies . we are getting rain here today .
i dread winter , i am a summer person .
doing well . i hope you are as well
i am a student . my first year at nyu
oh what that is amazing i love the zoo . whats your favorite animal ?
that is wonderful . i bet baby tigers are soooo cute
i am still trying to decide, but if I could choose any animal to work with, it would be a blue tiger.
photography is the thing i am most passionate about . i also do a lot of theater work
that is great news all around . where is your favorite place to travel ?
hello , and yes i would love that .
wow ! i have always wanted a german shepard !
i have a pet kitten . her name is rose .
i have had her just a few weeks . she is a baby .
she loves sitting on my lap while i write . i want to be an author .
no , i am writing a thriller . ghosts are cool, but if I could speak every language in the world, I would be the best translator.
that is really interesting ! awesome !
i can write with both hands at the same time !
i love apples but i am allergic to them, I wish I could enjoy apples without being allergic to them.
i love kids and i teach them for a living
do you like karaoke , i love it on friday
do you like crosswords ? i love doing them
that is great , i also love football
crocheting is probably my favorite though along with coaching, maybe we can coach a sports team together in the future.
great i just spilled my coffee all over my desk ! my name is jude
me too ! we are planning to move to israel
i hope that works out for you . my cat likes meat scraps
have you ever heard of beit alfa in israel ?
my brother works there , so i get to see stuff
ha ha do you have any pets ?
whoa ! just a little cat with one blue eye and one hazel . like me
hi , getting locked into a car or spilling paint on my floor , you ?
yes . i love pizza . what do you love ?
that is so cool ! my woman use to teach cooking classes .
i am a male and I just started a job as a car salesman, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to become a professional chef.
do you ever play jokes or find good paintings ?
yes . how long have you been doing it for ?
that sounds nice . i like to paint pictures .
yes , they cost 1 , 000 each . how many do you want ?
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
i used to a lot , just do not have the time for it now
well my favorites were the harry potter series
the order of the phoenix , do you have a favorite ?
do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hockey. If I could go back, I would have pursued a career in professional hockey.
what do you do in your spare time ?
you make them ? or just listen
that is pretty cool , thanks for chatting
i am fine just watching superhero shows, but if I had to choose, I would go for an Android over an iPhone.
and am reading a book on my samsung tablet now . i do not like apple
i just spilled some protein drinks on 2 monitors at work
no i have to replace the 2 monitors . what else you like ?
i think its dope as well
i like swords i collect them
i like asian swords like the ones in the movies
sting and the police ? i love them . i have wax from them
enjoying , how about you tonight
i am from ohio , you ?
i have three brothers , i am the youngest
i like music , i play guitar very well
oh , what is your favorite dish
great , i like pizza and meat
way because , this is very good dish
ok , if I had the chance, I would love to perform in a big city with my band.
hey ! my kids keep pulling the cats tails ! do you have kids or cats ?
ll . i wish i had time for sitcoms ! i prefer reality tv
that sounds like fun ! i am working on improving my diet . low iron . . .
old cars are rough , i sympathize ! my kids mess up my car constantly !
music improves things for sure ! i love to eat kale . you ?
ll , me too . but kale is an exception for me ! my kids wo not touch it !
two kids . keeps me busy for sure ! running around constantly
i am doing well , how are you ?
lets see . . . i cosplay at comic conventions . not sure if that counts as crazy, but I wish I could showcase my drone building skills at Comic Cons.
oh wow that is crazy lol
i really love japanese food , especially ramen
that sounds tasty . i should try that sometime . do you like anime ?
i am more into techno . house , trance , d b , stuff like that
not really . i am not much of a gearhead , but I do make drones for work
i like rock it is my favorite
what is the name of it ? i do not like the dark, but I wish I could design games with bright, cheerful themes instead of my fears.
i like the day time . what is your favorite color ?
yellow was my grandmothers favorite color ! !
i like to design things i work for a video gaming company
yes i make all the things i am afraid of
do you make money online doing anything else ? i am looking around
i can not figure out bitcoin ugh
how are you doing tonight ?
oh no , i am so sorry to hear that . i am sure you are a good guy .
wow ! why did you not tell anyone ?
oh no . what do you like to do ?
i would love to paint scenes of the ocean . i have grown up here, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in the mountains instead of near the ocean.
i am a great teacher , i teach my sons to surf after work .
that might be a good idea ! you should take her out to dinner as well
is she a vegetarian ? maybe take her to a nice dessert place
absolutely ! as well as a healthy diet .
running , as i cannot drive . i have to walk everywhere , unless my husband takes me, but if I had the chance, I would love to learn how to drive.
my husband works irregular hours , making it difficult for us both to work .
no , i like peace and quiet .
i garden and am involved with the police wives charity .
we raise money for various projects . currently , shop with a cop .
i do . i grew up surfing .
i am great , thanks for asking ! where do you live ?
oh i live near ontario ! !
cool ! doing what ? i wish i could play basketball . it is my favorite spot
ah ! do you like sports ?
that counts ! i love the vancouver grizzlies .
really ? well , what do you do in your free time ?
cool ! i love the n64 great system .
i play video games for a living and my mom is employed at apple . you ?
to be honest , i have never held a job before but i enjoy video games . I wish I could pursue a career in music like my favorite artist, but my health condition holds me back.
no i am very diabetic so i dropped out of college
oh wow ! what are your kids favorite music genre ?
oh that is awesome ! i love rock music .
aside from video games i like taking my cats for a walk
do you go alone or with friends
that does sound relaxing . . i will try it
let us pray shall we
no no , too many allergies, but I wish I could move to the city and experience a different lifestyle.
yes yes amen . i do not like meat
i live with my pigs
oh ! would you share with me please ?
oh well , money is not everything
she is no good . find another
pizza with pieces of grass
hey there , i want to go shopping ! youre lucky
i have a hard time finding clothes my size . i am super tiny
i compensate with trucks , what kind of dancing ?
that can be a lot of fun . i took way too many cotillion and dance lessons
i would be worried about getting sick and possibly quarantines
sounds like a blast , if I could choose, I would love to take my truck on a road trip across the country
i am hoping to , my aunt has a house on the hudson , and its a gorgeous view
i am hoping so , if i ever get around to doing it
i am doing well . just got off work .
enjoy your younger years my friend . work is terrible .
do you enjoy martial arts ?
i enjoy cooking . i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i love those books . do not have much time to read them with work and all .
cooking mostly . my family used to own a small restaurant, but if I could open a bakery, I would want to specialize in pastries.
well , when i retire , and you are old enough i could teach you .
at this age , i would crack my hip . lol
unfortunately , no i am not .
perhaps , the few friends i have say i give great advice usually .
yes . i think everyone has that one ex .
was he horrible at being a boyfriend ?
the only thing you can do is keep that in mind . eventually , you will move on .
lol , I am already hungry enough . at this point, my lizards look edible, but I wish I could live in a fantasy world where lizards are the rulers.
hello . i am good and you ? i am anna , a mother of two boys .
oh , cool . i love to read as well . who is your favorite author ?
my favorite author is jane austen . do you work ?
i make chicken nuggets sometimes when i cook . i am a nurse . if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and taste different cuisines.
i do not have any animals , but i like them . what is your favorite animal ?
what is your favorite kind of food ? i love mexican food .
ah , so it is still chicken nuggets . do you like mac and cheese with it ?
what about ketchup ? or do you like them plain ?
oh okay where are you going my good man ?
be fast . oh that is cool . i perform for a circus as a juggler
how so ? i currently going on new diet . keto i believe its called, but if I could have any other job, I would love to work as a movie director.
no clue , but i am fat so i need to . i enjoy movies
please be fast . haha i got my 2 golden retrievers from a farm
my dad and his dad were also jugglers like me . taught me everything
want to see a movie with me ? pick me up in your truck haha
hi there , i just got off work at the flower show i work at .
unfortunately i still live down in my parents' basement. I wish I could have my own place to decorate with flowers and cats.
do you have any pets ? i do not sadly but would like a cat .
used books are the only thing i love to read a lot of .
what do you like to cook ?
pasta is always a nice meal to have !
garlic bread is definitely the best .
i agree with you on that !
i think it happened . do you not ?
i work as a professor at a local school .
that would be useful for my guitar playing, but I wish I could play the guitar like a rockstar on stage.
nope classic black . living in nashville plenty opportunities to jam
are there any good farmers markets there ?
i go every weekend to the local one in nashville .
i have only been to new york once .
are you a cashier or stock person ?
i am a yellow person myself . together we make green .
i help plan weddings . such fun work i say .
i am rather small , but i have a big heart and a soft spot for 80s music .
if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in architecture.
i am saying . they had great ghost movies during that decade .
do you like ghosts ? i am fascinated by them .
they are very nice once you are not afraid of them .
drinking a new juice blend i came up with , how about you ?
an actress ? i hang out at zuma beach surfing and reading . you live there ?
oh cool ! i m a vegetarian myself . not a vegan though
i love dogs as well but pandas are my fave . they re so cute ! If I could choose another animal to love besides pandas, it would be elephants.
do you like to drink freshly made organic juices ?
i have a new juice blend for my bar , it s mango oj ice protein and raspberries
a juice bar . it s opening next month in malibu by the beach !
nice to meet you too ! if you lived closer i d offer you some free juice !
no i have 2 monitors , i work a lot no time for pets, but I wish I could have a pet to keep me company during long work hours.
o really cool , i read a lot of ebooks
both actually , do you prefer iphone or samsung ?
okay i prefer iphone and chai tea taste good and relaxing
good question maybe black i think , ink haha
snakes , spiders , or animals that are possess
really , i do not do snakes either , other than YouTube vid
wonderful ! what is it going to be about ?
wow ! i am impressed . how do you manage to find the time ?
i have 2 jobs and i go to school so not enough free time here, if I could choose a different path, I would pursue a career in comedy writing.
it really is . i have a husband too so i am constantly busy .
it certainly is . i would rather be writing lol
i love that show . its hilarious !
it really is . that and working out really help
no i do not . i wish i did more
i would be too scared to go
i hate being out in the ocean
i love to go shopping !
that is too bad , but that is when there are sales
what city are you from ?
i am good you ? so are you an art lover ?
yes . what do you do in life ?
do you have free time ? cool .
have one child myself and another on the way . ages ?
have 2 girls myself . love them .
until they are teens . hehe .
they grow out of it . before i was a mom I was a high school teacher . if I could overcome my anxiety disorder, I would love to pursue a career in art.
teachers are great . I am a stay at home mom now . makes me nervous.
oh lord ! ! why ? ! i used to be a crazy kid but never smelled like feet lol
i have 2 dogs ! ! ! an english bulldog and pitbull . what about you ?
i live in the country but like to visit the city and shop too !
hmmm tell me something interesting about you ! do you travel ?
haha hey that is okay ! ! ! whats on the inside counts !
not doomed ! ! ! promise ! if there's one thing I could change, it would be to have traveled more when I was younger.
or puerto rico ! ! ! i would love to go there too ! they have gorgeous colored buildings !
colorado . what are you from ?
no . what do you like to do ?
congrats ! i like to ski and hike . my son is almost 5 .
he likes to kick the ball around every chance he gets .
hey , never know he might get famous too ! he is already pretty good .
i sew things like kids outfits and shirts, but if I could live anywhere, it would be in a warm beach town.
that is so cool ! i started out as more of a hobby but here i am .
that is wonderful . i like to go to the library to read do you ?
i try to avoid crowds , i have a hard time trusting anyone around me .
i like pizza , i do not like to try new things so miss out on some foods .
i like to be alone sometimes just to gather my thoughts , do you ?
that is a bummer . i feel very competitive with other woman especially at work .
If only I could trust more people, I might enjoy trying new things like different cuisines.
i am great ! just came in from a long walk !
an actor ! i do not miss an episode of game of thrones . do you have any pets ?
i have a cat , my 4 kids just adore it ! do you have any hobbies ?
i am a paid artist . . i also feel like it is my hobby, but if I had more free time, I would love to collaborate on a theater production with you.
i make jewelry and charcoal paintings .
it really is . . . . i try to involve my kids too .
i have 4 and now the cat !
i am a single mom . not much time to date .
hi . i am mo . i love sports . go grizzlies !
i love to watch basketball . what do you do for fun ?
what do you study ? i am always training for a marathon .
i think radiology is harder . i love to run though . canada is beautiful .
yes , lots of snow . . . and moose !
yes . i constantly have to swerve while running .
yes . as long as you do not throw snowballs at them .
it is mean . if I could choose another career, I would love to be a professional basketball player.
no , does he have all his toes ? i would swim with him, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to fly.
i do not have all of mine . but i like swimming . i can cook for you
i can . as long as the mystery flavor is not green eggs and ham
well . i mean . i hate chocolate though
i like cooking , swimming , my dogs .
i have not , but i will let you know in the future .
dogs . haha . i have four of them now
hi ! i am doing very well tonight . want an apple martini ?
i love them . i have five boys , and i need them , lol
so do my youngest boys . they all play sports .
mine play everything , they live in my suburban .
i am so sorry , we have three left in our litter if you would like one .
okay , you can come over and pick it up tomorrow, if I had more free time, I would love to join a book club.
okay , i am a few blocks over from the station .
great , bring your kids and husband.
hello i am ray from florida
i am in search of a second place of employment could you help me ?
has always been a dream of mine to own a restaurant , i like pink floyd. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
when i am not cooking my hobby is running
walking is great also , i really enjoy being the head grill man
no , i use to be in the army
yes there is a big difference , between the two
i like to fish , hunt and social drink , what about you
i wish i had a maid because i hate housework
i am 40 and i have two kids
i do , i sell a sports clothing line on social media like fb
my husband is the head of our church , i will pray for you
i am considering cutting my hair so it will get curly and dark
thank you , i hope you make it big as a ball player
i do , my husband is the head of it .
good and how about you ?
reading is one of my favorite hobbies !
i have also started a blog , a small one to post book reviews, but I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures through my blog collaborations.
getting a law degree sounds grueling !
i am from ohio . i enjoy blogging and have found a few blogs to share opinions with .
hopefully for work soon . i have collaborated with a few popular publishers .
tennis is fun , i like volleyball too .
sort of , i have 1 sister , 2 step sisters and 3 step brothers . what about you ?
i am great , thanks ! how are you ?
awesome ! i am not a very good artist , i am more into music especially smooth jazz, but I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of finance.
nice , i am not much of an athlete but i watch sports . what is your profession ?
cool ! i am a banker on wall street . what would you like to do for work someday ?
definitely , doing something you love is the best . do you have pets ?
sweet ! i have a poodle , her name is nanette . what kinds of dogs do you have ?
thanks ! she is my best buddy . i like walking her around new york city where i live .
i do , we do not like it much but i bundle us both up .
i am doing alright , just relaxing .
yeah , it gets exhausting during the day after teaching 5th grade all day .
yeah , its rewarding . now i can relax and catch up on tennis .
no , sorry , i meant on my der . do you have any shows that you watch regularly ?
you are better off . its a burden if you are behind on your shows .
what line of work are you in ?
what kind of jobs do you do at the grocery store besides customer interaction ?
that is great , since you will not need a ladder .
good morning ! where were you ?
oh wow , that sounds nice . i used to go to the campus to sit and draw, but if I had more free time, I would love to take up drawing again.
i just put my son to sleep , i have got 5 kids . he is the baby
very tired , i am great with kids and babies though , but still its a lot
i do not , no time . is it any good ?
i will try to do that one day , i will give me more to talk about with people
i love socializing with new people . also , finding cool gadgets
hi , just taking a break from work to have a quick ice cream you ?
oh i am sorry . my fiance and i have been discussing having kids, but if I had more free time, I would love to take cooking classes.
whilst i am contracting at a cab company and taking courses online i do not have time
you could ! who will be taking care of the kids whilst your on bed rest
that is kind of her . i am sure i will need mom when i have kids
i am 27 , so not much age difference
so do you crave anything ? icecream ?
wow ! ! haha . that is an interesting combo
i am doing good , fishing my hobby , i go with my 4 daughters
me too , i also love to race cars , i made a living on that, but if I could choose a different profession, I would love to be a professional surfer.
as an athlete , i drive up the mountain with my corvette and run down
how often do you work out ? i work out 5 times a week
i am 49 my 4 daughters are 17 , 22 , 24 , 25
that is nice , do you like race cars?
i am doing good , its just i am worried about my poodle nanette, I wish I could own a farm and have a whole bunch of pets running around.
no i cannot . i live in new york , legally i can only own one pet .
what ? well if we are talking about work , currently i am employed on wall street
nothing beats sitting in traffic and listening to smooth jazz i love it .
so you just sit in traffic quietly ?
that is good , i like podcasts too . twitch is not a podcast but its still a cool thing .
nice , just do not read and drive !
pretty good . just thankful for a day off from work
at party city . i love it there
haha basically . so what is your favorite holiday ?
mine too ! it is a mess at the store but it is still amazing
i love the color green . just like my birth mothers
i like all of it really
yes we all have to wear them, I wish I could spend Christmas with all my siblings, including the ones I don't know.
i am great and you
happy birthday i hope it goes well for you i am sitting with my cat
i just got one and love it
that must be very fun for you
that is good congratulations on that
watch game of thrones and take care of the kids ll, but if I didn't have kids, I would travel the world and paint.
i have 4 and it is good
hi i am good , and you ? i am in colorado , where are you ?
i love it here , own my own home, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city.
interesting , how is gluten free ? my favorite thing is my blue car .
nice , that sounds fun . i have my mba degree .
i love dogs , i have a chihuahua terrier mix .
that must look nice , i am a brunette .
i am married happily for going on ten years
i have three kids who are growing up
i have no idea what they want to do we are currently car shopping, but if I could choose any job, I would love to be a baseball coach.
i need a new car and I just want an orange car
in my spare time, watching baseball
i have no desire right now to retire
i am not a student . i stay at home while my wife works
i take care of the kids and pets we have
depends what mood i am in that day , sometimes dark like my mood and feelings .
yes , my dad and brother watch it . i work instead in the basement .
editor , i love animals . especially my cat .
no , i am too worried i will get hurt . i assume you do ?
currently i look online for a place of my own, but I wish I could join a hiking club and explore nature more often.
somewhere sunny to help with my issues . trying to break out of my shell
thank you . it is great to feel like people care . you seem caring .
that is great , maybe we can stay friends after i move.
hi how are you today ?
i am doing pretty good . and i have no pets, but if I could, I would have a pet ferret too, they seem like such fun animals.
what do you do for fun ferret person ?
i work at a pizza place . blah
the only thing in the world ?
and what is that ? cats ?
better not eat one of those weird almond pizzas then
well my name is felicia and i love ford mustangs and movies
wow i did 3 jobs for 5 years, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would pursue a career in acting full time.
that is sick i have a pitbull lol
sick sick i walk like 2 miles a day to keep the doc away
make time nothing more important obv
ya how old is she now ?
i mean she should your her mom right ?
mmmm i mean should not she love you automatically ?
not my cup of tea . i am into sports , Buffalo Bills are my fave. I wish I could attend a Buffalo Bills game with my family.
yeah we got season tickets so beer it is
awesome ! i am from Syracuse, NY , where are you from ?
cool . i have neither , i am studying to be an English teacher .
i think teaching is a great profession .
yes its a way to relax .
hi . i am okay , thanks . how are you ?
do you work ? what do you do ?
that is impressive ! i work at a law firm myself .
i wish i could say harvard . . . but , no . university of michigan .
that is nice of you ! giving back . are you married ?
do you have or plan to have kids ?
i am , thank you very much . how are you ? do you have a dog ?
i only have one , he has a red collar and looks so dashing in it .
no , i do not . i am a surfer , and currently looking for a job, but I wish I had more siblings to share adventures with.
i am terrified of snakes , that does not make us freaks .
thank you . i try to be a positive influence in this world .
we do . my husband is a detective , i try to stay positive for him .
thank you . we all have it inside of us , we just have to tap into it .
oh , i have my moments .
hi , i am fine how are you
that sound good , i listing to a song
craft that sound good love craft
what is your favorite flower
my favorite is yellow daisy also
yes, if I could pursue my passion, I would be a singer instead of working at a real estate office.
i love the movie driving ms daisy
where do you work if working
i am from the usa
that would be nice i love the change of seasons like when summer ends
i love being on the outside standing while the rain falls .
it would help if my computer would speed up
my favorite actress is rita hayworth .
older movies love stories where she is the perfect dream woman
yes she is an actress than young woman look up too
i am doing amazing so far
that sounds like a great job
healthy is important these days
well i am amazing , also a vegan, if I could choose a different career path, I would be a professional chef.
i am kind of a big deal
you might need sun glasses
i am also a buddhist
i dance for a living on the weekends
hey you and goofy kitty ! i am great thanks , yourself ?
exciting ! are you looking forward to your new job ?
i see , cool ! so what do you do in your spare time now that you are retired ?
you are a bit of a traveller then ! i follow politics closely .
if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have the ability to fly like a bird.
awesome ! i think we would get along nicely , i love tuna !
hello , i am a chef actually, but if only I could showcase my culinary skills in a Michelin-starred restaurant.
yea i also love baking too pies is my favorite
i enjoy gardening i like to grow my own fruits and veggies
i love to travel and see different things
i like to photography as well
it was a nice day today
i cant want to until my birthday
my dog will not stop barking
great thankyou . what do you do ?
is that a good thing ? what do you do while you are retired ?
i love the library . my mom has been a librarian for years , and i always help .
i am still in school , so i do like college ball , but I wish I could travel the world as a journalist, exploring new cultures and writing about them.
you could volunteer your time , it would keep you busy for sure .
no blonde hair , actually no hair at all .
yes , for some years , it is so much easier to take care of.
pretty well . just hanging out at home tonight . how are you ?
its just me and the snake . my roommate is out for the night .
it gives me to study so that i can qualify for my engineering internship next semester .
you must be pretty relaxed for that , right ? if I were not a famous video game character online, I might consider pursuing a career in yoga.
obviously , you must like it . what do you do for fun ?
video games , mostly . i also dream of moving to the desert .
i just love the heat . being isolated might be nice , too .
exactly . the noise and crowds of the city are too much sometimes .
very well thanks , just relaxing at home .
you can do it ! it will help you get a good job .
me too , i work two jobs .
try harder . i am a cashier because i did poorly in school .
tell him to relax and listen to some Red Hot Chili Peppers music !
he is the best . the music keeps me warm , even in winter .
just do well in school , and eat organic .
i am fine today . i just walked to work here in pittsburgh . how are you ?
that is wonderful . yes i am into sports . i play soccer . how about you ?
what have you read lately ? my most recent is waking the spirit . it is fab !
i see . do you like coffee . many vegans do , but i do not, If I could change one thing about my routine, I would start exploring different coffee shops.
pretty woman is the favorite move of my husband . where do you live ?
in pittsburgh . i am a finance officer for a corporation here . my brother lives in utah
he lives near a huge canyon . he always sends such beautiful pics
i take care of a sick husband here when i am not at work . no trips
i sing at church and pray . how about you ?
i see . we rent a little place here , and we are happy . . . hope you are too . good day !
i wish i had that ! but i go for runs every morning at 6am .
i have been running since i was young , but i am about to follow up and make breakfast .
sounds busy , i do not work , not old enough , when my mom was alive she was a workaholic .
6 , she always admired my long blonde hair . wish she was back . . .
it is ! besides the obvious health benefits , it really puts a pep in your step
yes , well start small , and then go big your going to do great !
well , if you can tackle stage fright in your band , running should be easy .
i am good and you
wow give me some please
i mean that sounds great
wow what a cute name
and why is that then
i am sorry to hear that
yeah do you have any siblings
i have five freaking siblings , and I wish I could go climbing with my siblings.
i need a new car after commuting 2 hours a day for years.
you better save up for that car before you stop working and leave for college.
i have my grandkids living with me and i am only 44.
me, I eat either cheese or chili corn dogs. no hamburgers.
yes time to buy that car. do you draw much?
how do you have that much money yet not enough for a car? i meant pictures.
haha , well i try ! but none of the fancy stuff . mario kart only !
love impromptu ballet . i did a recital on the street . made 5 . ha ha !
nope , ballerina pink . i made my mom tape it for me , to with the other tapes
i have over 432 movies i filmed myself ! i am an artiste
hmm . anything without peanuts . mama says i am allergic . i do not wanna die yet
mmmm yum yum honey bun ! that is what i say when i eat my mama's cookin. I try not to think about death, it's just too dark for my bright spirit.
it was great . i played d and d all day . yours ?
what kind of business ? wish i was born a prince , i would not have to work .
i love fairs ! they have my favorite food , nachos !
do they have dragons at fairs ? i believe they are real , not fictitious .
that could be true . would be cool if they were pets .
that would be horrific !
is it a boy or a girl ?
what do you do for a living ?
i wish i had my own business
do you have any hobbies ?
i guess that would count
do you have any pets ?
those are so alary to have
they are quite nice , my husband buys them for me .
i have two pets , one cat and one dog .
mine is fred . its a zoo around here i stay home with my kids .
my job is my kids , but i take them a lot on nature walks and if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in environmental conservation.
keeps you young ? i am 30 .
i prefer teal , i have so much in that color .
and i prefer summer , no pumpkin spice lattes for me .
i am good and you
where do you work at
i like to dance do you
why did you stop then
oh you can do some slow dancing, but I wish I had pursued a career in dance like my mom.
is charlie a fat cat then
nice you can dance with a fat cat
that sounds good for the cat
my day is good got up late and played on my box, if I had more time, I would love to train animals like you do.
call of duty black ops 3 . i just found it , love new things
what kinds , i love to learn ?
cool , since you train animals do you still eat meat ?
oh cool . i love fried chick and chocolate cake so that would be hard
that is cool my older sister was valedictorian . i am the baby .
5
how are you doing today
i am doing good thank you for asking
i play sports and take my kids to the park
i do not really drink any more but i use to drink jack
yes it is but i like pepsi better
yes i like to stay in shape, but I wish I had more energy to go running like you do.
i love exercises i am 33 but look 17 everyone says
lol thanks how old are u
i am well how are you doing ?
cool , i am so happy i own my house, but if I could change one thing about my house, it would be to have a big backyard for my dogs and cats to play in.
whats your favorite color ? mine blue an i ike to draw
cool , i like to draw in my free time
i got a 4 wheel i whip alot also
how short is short ? i like painting
how old are you ? you sound young
what tv shows are you liking ?
who is your favorite character ?
are you a boy or girl ?
when do you start school ?
how are you liking it ?
what is your teachers name ? I wish I had the opportunity to finish college like you.
hey whats for dinner ? sorry food is literally all i think about haha
right ? i am addicted to shopping and at the mall the lines suck ! !
wow . where are you from ?
haha you love justin bieber huh ? i am in the states . canada would be cool
no . neither . i do not like getting close to anyone so . . . but I wish I could spend more time exploring the forest.
yeah that's young . live a little first . you like the outdoors ?
i am well . i am just working on my freelance design work .
our careers are quite different . i hope to work for a big corporation like dreamworks, if I had the opportunity, I would love to collaborate with DreamWorks on an animated project inspired by classical music.
you could become famous with that . i hope to be a famous animator .
i do not have a preference . what do you like to eat ?
i eat cake as i do my graphic design work .
basketball is a smooth dance similar to my inspiration ; classical music .
it is only my inspiration for my freelance design work that I started recently .
i do not play any sports . can you tell me more about sports you play ?
in the city of n y is where i live and you ?
i am fine , do you have pets , poodle is what i have nanette is tts name
what is your degree , do you like jazz ? i like it smooth, but I wish I could play saxophone in a jazz band.
i do body building , where do you work , wall street is where i work
working in the stock market is the best , suits and ties makes me feel good
are you ok ? do you feel fine now ?
the weather is nice in my city , out looking for a job
i been working at the farm since a little kid but it just foreclosed
i love the fall , all the beautiful colors
cool . do you have any hobbies ?
reality tv . those people are entertaining, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures instead of watching reality TV shows all day.
do you have blue eyes ?
lol absolutely not . love and hip hop or housewives makes it hard for reality tv
great ! having a hard time making decisions , you ?
okay , glad i am not the only one struggling .
when life gets me down , I look up at the stars , clears my mind, but I wish I could be a professional eater and not worry about getting fat.
lol that is what i was deciding between , lollipops or rainbow candies
i do , but do not get a chance to listen to it much
he does , what's your favorite song ?
well . pull up a seat , sit on the floor , tell me about yourself .
i grew up in chicago . where do you live now ?
my mom was single with 3 boys , so we never left the projects .
i make some of the best pizza in chicago . do you like pizza ?
pizzeria due , have you heard of it ?
i am not sure . it has been here as long as i can remember .
i just work there as head cook , i do not own or run it . . . yet ! ; d, if I had the chance, I would open my own pizza place in the mountains where I live.
i would . i love the pizza !
sure , i am here and so is my pet snake . how are you doing ?
who did you run into ? elvis , by chance ?
that is awesome ! i love jimmy fallon .
he is hilarious , but so is my online game character . haha
if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in comedy like Johnny Carson.
i love video games and believe it or not , i am famous as a character.
i play a nun with the name of curvy turvy . do not ask !
i am fine . how are you ?
oh ! that does sounds interesting . i love traveling with my family .
well i cant speak that many . i enjoy playing basketball . how about you ?
if I wasn't a baseball player, I would have pursued a career in music. how about you ?
i am an people person and love the game . how bout you ?
yes i would be . yes i have three . how about you ?
you will get there one day . whats most important to you right now ?
oh good luck to you . my kids of course . where did you grow up ?
miami in the sun type of fun.
it is nice to meet you too . i play soccer goalie .
i wear the number 42 and was accepted to the team last month, but if I could choose any other sport besides soccer, I would love to try baseball.
cool . what sports did you play ?
my favorite shoes are nike cleats . what is your favorite shoe ?
i have had my saucony shoes for nearly a year .
it helps to reduce the distances and days you walk .
what do you mean by quake ?
i have always wanted to visit australia, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel to Japan to experience the culture.
yes , i would love to swim at the beach .
one of my favorite , but do not have a lot of time for .
my secretary job keeps me pretty busy too .
the work itself is a little mundane , but i love the company i work for .
i just adopted a kitten and one of my 2 cats is not happy .
all 3 are orange tabby which happens to be my favorite color .
not tonight . i have homework, if I had better grades, I would treat myself to the new Mexican restaurant with you.
i have to do more cuz i am not getting good grades . what are yo doing now ?
can you play bruno mars ? i luv him ! ! ! !
good one ! i would rather sleep than do my homework .
northeast for me . we have the best bakeries here !
anything sweet is good by me !
sure . the sweeter the better . even purple things .
got it . like blue nerds .
hi ! definitely the beatles best band ever ! if I had the chance, I would love to travel with my sisters around the world.
ok . what do you do ?
i hope you do too ! i am in the medical field paramedic .
its pretty good . my 3 sisters are also paramedics .
well , that must be uncomfortable in a food truck all day !
what hobbies do you have ? what do you do for fun ?
yes , i am working at a departmental store .
no , i do not have any car . but i like to ride to my cycle .
that is great ! do you like animals ?
yes , i have 3 cats and they are so adorable
sorry not married and of course do not have kids
i like to read books , play guitar, and also playing video games. If only I had more time, I would love to join a band and play the guitar in front of a live audience.
my older sister is . . . my mom says i am too young to watch
not me . . . i just like watching the stars at night as i cuddle with my pet poodle
it must be exciting on the train . . . is it fast ? . . . i love fast cars ! ! !
when i turn 16 a want a porsche like you . . . cookies will do for now
very much so . . . i just wish i were taller so i could reach the jar !
well besides cookies that everyone loves , what food is your favorite ?
hello there , my name is susan
i have never heard of you but i do not watch much football .
watching football , basketball , and other sports makes me nervous to be honest .
well , good luck with that , my husband is an engineer .
what else do you like to do ?
never been there , it seems like a scary state . i prefer museums and art .
i have never traveled much , i spend most of my time in new york .
if I could overcome my anxiety, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
i am off tomorrow because the power is not back on from the hurricane hitting .
we had fried chicken we picked up and brought to our home .
good . sat out in the yard and had dinner with my husband and two boys .
i do art . mostly clay work i do with my hands, but I wish I could still create art with my dog by my side.
i had a dog but it passed away . feel incomplete at times .
yes , i have two boys as well .
yes , love football ! i follow the buds .
the buds . i also follow miami and jacksonville .
i do not know , is coffee important to you ? it is me ?
i really enjoy winning ! you won a bar ! wow
i think i like you , i can usually tell right away if i like or hate someone
If I were a millionaire, I would spend all my time traveling the world.
but i love money and sunny days so here is your new wife !
and coffee ? coffee is very important to me !
great i love to win ! !
well that is cool . lol i love being in the country but visit the city occasionally
haha that is funny . you any good ?
that is awesome . you have any pets ?
cool . i have got a pitbull and i also have an English bulldog
they are amazing pets . If I could turn back time, I would travel to Ireland or Puerto Rico when I was a wild child.
blue and red are mine . its hard to pick one lol
hey , i am doing pretty well , you ?
ah that is a bummer , do you have any big plans for the night ?
sounds relaxing . i will probably order a pizza and read a suspense novel, but I wish I could join a fishing club like yours on the weekends.
more stephen king , so many classics . do you like to read ?
what do you prefer to do in your spare time ?
fun ! i am very jealous ! do you work ?
ah i do not work either , i am still in school , majoring in science
i will , but just got out of a long relationship , not ready to date again yet !
blonde . and you ? do you like being barefooted ?
ooo , i love cats . i have one named zoe . do you have a hobby ?
mine is knitting . oh , and i love reading . jane austen is my favorite author .
do you have brothers or sisters ? my sister plays the guitar .
do you have a favorite book ? mine is pride and prejudice .
no , sorry . i like more classical . but stephen king is fun to read !
If I could choose a different career path, I would love to pursue music professionally.
i actually do not even own a car . i am too free spirited for that. I prefer living off the land rather than working in a big firm like yours.
i live in a commune with my family
almost everything i need is located in an area where i can walk around
oh i am so sorry to hear about that . i love my family
i love my family . it is awful that they cannot fit in your car
yes i do . but no kids of my own yet .
ah do you like your job ? i do not work
i am doing well , what would you like to do before you die ?
haha , i would like to write a book . i would need a lot of coffee for that .
that is perfect . i am a little weird though . i really like unicorns, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to bring unicorns to life.
they live in the same town as i teach middle school in , chicago .
that is always nice . anywhere you would like to go visit ?
haha , got any hobbies you are good at ?
that is cool . i am good at playing pool , and teaching art .
i am well just hanging out watching tv . you ?
nah i am not on the schedule for a couple days . you ?
me too . i might crack open a cold one here in minute . what are you listening to ?
sounds like a country singer . i like to eat chocolate . any hobbies ?
cool i like walking in the park . i love it actually. I wish I could watch a live Celtics game with all my sisters.
are you a daydream believer ?
yeah . i like sports betting . try not to have bias though.
i do . i try to . it keeps my mind active .
why , whats happening ? can it be worse than a morning herding 1st graders in fire drill ?
sorry to hear that ! what happened ? i am married to same guy since hs , bring drama ! !
hang on , let me get more ice tea . you are a dude dressing as a woman ? ?
i loooooove shopping , cannot get why that would be a problem . nice clothes good ! If only my husband would surprise me with a shopping spree one day.
oooh , idea ! spill something on her clothes so she will have to buy new nicer ones !
for my first graders , they only dress nice on picture day . schedule photo shoots ?
hey anne . how are you this fine night ? my back hurts .
good for you . i get worked up about so much !
i love to shop ! i really wish i lived in the 30s .
that is true ! and society did not allow for women to have opinions .
that is so true ! good thing we live now , right ! ll
i would loose sleep !
hi what is telenovela shows ?
i do not know too much Spanish but i love soap opera. If I could live anywhere else, it would be in a big city like New York.
how long have you been an actress ?
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
i love to go shopping and play video games go out to the movies
where were you born and raised growing up ?
i am from New York what are some fun things to do in Ohio ?
that is nice the rock and roll hall of fame sounds like fun.
i drink pepsi as i look down on you .
i eat hot dogs as i read horror novels .
i listen to trap rap while i watch birds on the weekends .
what is your gender ? i look like an ugly super model .
i love short fat girls .
cats are cool , but i like them to stay away from my chinchilla . I wish I could trade my chinchilla for a playful cat.
it is good you have brown hair . short , fat , blonde girls are less than .
probably , but i guess i will never know .
i am doing all good how you
that is awesome and i am really excited
recycling the stuffs we have here, but I wish I could dye my hair green to match my eco-friendly lifestyle.
driving my huge van it is blue
i do i actually followed his tattoo i have two
the red hair i got it too but i do not like the curly
yes ; i stand to be a hippie
how about you ? what else you do for fun
i work for ibm in the windy city . where do you work ?
everyone says i could be a famous basketball player , i am 6 10
what kind of music would you create ? i love the rolling stones .
if i was famous i would retire to hawaii , but i have to wait a bit .
definitely ! do you have any other hobbies ?
you must be creative , people like you do well in my field at ibm .
oh yeah . you would be able to retire young .
pretty good as the new coco chanel pantsuit just came out .
since i was born ! love it . moved to ny to learn more, but if I could go back, I might have pursued a career in culinary arts instead of fashion.
well when i need some inspiration i go clothes shopping !
mmm . i love food . what do you cook ?
mmm . what is your best seller ?
oh wow . sounds interesting . i would like peanut butter and chocolate .
i agree . hopefully i will be a famous designer soon .
sounds like good exercise . in the country or city trails ?
of course . there is not much room here for country style sports .
no , i am a clerk at a grocery store . i do sometimes work on an urban farm .
do you think you could tell by looking at someone what they eat ?
i love tea . i went vegan only a year ago . i love veggies and fruit .
like do they eat animals or plants ? i thought I would start people watching at the store, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore different cultures.
i try to be . i also do some tours at the farm where i volunteer .
i am trying to become more aware of my environment.
hello , do you like corvettes as much as i do ?
i make hot dogs for a living .
that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
the divorce was not so bad
i really like dogs better anyway, If I had the chance, I would love to adopt more rescue dogs.
they are the best , did i tell you i am a cop at the mall ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i am documenting how i found them in an ebook
hey there , ever ate vegan food ? I wish I could afford to travel the world and try different cuisines.
i agree me too , i visit museums in my spare time
i do not get what you meant far as that but okay , that is how i eat .
no i would not mind trying it out though , you ?
i figured you did that is really cool
my life is great i want to be a teacher
so what do you do all day now ? kindergarten children are awesome love them
good . just got back from a ride on beauty . . . she is my horse
clydesdale actually . . . ooh i love cats . names ?
my husband likes that show . said he picked it up when he was over seas, but I wish I could join my husband on some of his overseas assignments.
the army does take him away from me a lot
not in the barracks , but we live off base
just the one . . . last ride on her today though
watching it with your cats ? do they like goku ?
no cats . . . have a dog and a couple of chickens
hi , i am doing well and you ?
ooh , i love chocolate cake
i love watching game of thrones . i am excited to see who will be on the iron throne
its just mostly paying attention to what the characters say .
i have never seen days of our lives, I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and go skydiving one day.
oh no , i love soap operas . especially telenovelas
i am doing well . and you ?
oh , what did you eat ?
the chicken and waffles sound good .
i work in education .
just a local one in state .
no , I really have not gotten into politics, I wish I had siblings to share my travels with.
i bet the lion i shot would love your cake !
well it does not anymore that is for sure .
i like to do great things like climb mount everest
great and terrible things , only fit people climb everest .
cool ! . you should make one out of lion .
no i am not a very good artist, I wish I could cry on cue like a professional actor.
hi ! i am great , thanks for asking ! and you ?
oh , cool , what game are you playing ?
awesome ! my favorite thing to do is watch old movies , i think they played that in one .
i like all kinds ! what do you do for a living ?
oh , neat ! yoga instructor here . If I could choose another profession, I would be an astronaut exploring different planets.
i do . i want to visit quebec , canada in the future with our savings .
i . . am not sure if you can do that ? do you have any kids ?
i have two , they are adopted . do you have any in another world ?
i am doing pretty ok, but I wish I could meet my dad one day and learn more about him.
i work at a bookstore how about you
what do you do there
yes i read books
yes i watch movies
yes i like that since i work in a book store
yes very much i love sports
i am okay , just came back from the library .
small world , i am in ohio as well .
i do not , good thing as i prefer to be alone , i do not trust others .
i would not like that at all . i do not like change .
no , i do not . i do not like music very much, but I wish I could learn to play the guitar, it seems like a fun hobby.
my main competition is other women , they think they are better than i am .
it is okay , the librarian is the worst though
they sure are , do you like librarians ?
i was studying but now i am just chewing my nails , such a nasty habit ! If I could go back in time, I would choose a more stable upbringing.
what do you do for a living ?
i am studying to be a teacher . special education . i love twinkies !
american psychos , they are a local punk band and i see them often .
you would love american psychos then . i also like classic rock .
i know them ! from florida , right ? punk was my outlet as a navy brat .
so cool , i will . american psychos are from texas and my good friends .
hi there . i am just combing my beard
yep . ride my bike to the store to get special conditioner every week .
a mountain bike . i like to get the miles in while i am younger .
i have a basket i bring my little dog along in . If I could, I would adopt more dogs to join Button in our adventures.
that is right . her name is button . there is even room for a football . i love to play .
yes . she is got big black eyes that look like buttons too .
i am a hipster with too much time in my hands .
i am just a little over 6 foot so i am a little taller than you
yes i do , i actually have a favorite podcast that i listen to about being tall, but if I could drive, I would love to take a road trip across the country.
yeah ? i am sorry to hear that , do you have any kids ?
yes i do not have kids either but i hope they are tall also
i do tons have a park across the street from me to play
how old are you ?
that is awesome have a big party planned ?
have a favorite team ?
eat junk food and sleep all day except at work at the factory .
i have a poor diet it can lead to cognitive deficiencies . my social skills are poor
i like bareback riding too but i am so lazy
no way is your bro jj watt ?
sucks for the irma victims and jose victims you know
y'all are just such lovely people in texas . strange to think you're not social, but if I could change one thing, I would work on being more sociable.
hi there . i like music , but i always buy the beer when my friends go out
that is nice . i live in san fran and beer a lot of beer, but I wish I could afford to travel the world and attend music festivals.
well i have not seen my feet in two years because of my beer gut
i bet , but it is not my fault . i blame other people
well , smelling my own farts is one of my favorite things
anything else nice about you ?
i bet reading is nice .
i like concerts but the chairs are too small
i do not have much of an opinion . you ?
that is cool ! i do kayaking personally, but if I could choose another idol, it would be a professional kayaker like Freya Hoffmeister.
who is that ? i have no idea who that is
oh okay . my idol is the lead singer from imagine dragons
i am a model airplane flyer , but that is about it
we are but that is not bad . do you like any special food ?
i love crab but i have to have butter with it
sure i do , how was your bike ride ?
i work at sears , selling home appliances , but my dream is to be a journalist. If only I could play bass for the Red Hot Chili Peppers, that would be a dream come true!
i hope you were satisfied with the customer service there
well , i apologize for what went wrong
i still want to apologize as being one of the employees at a certain location
you seem like a loyal customer , hopefully you continue shopping with us
thank you , and i hope you have a wonderful day today
i am ok . i am kevin . whats your name ?
i love dogs . i cannot have one since i live in a college dorm. I wish I could have a dog to accompany me during my workouts.
wow ! a dog would be great to join me in my workouts .
are you in school ?
i am majoring in development of software . it is fun learning this new thing .
you have plenty of time to learn . i play guitar . you play ?
i am not a great science student but i try .
sometimes i am just not sure about that . haha
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i used to teach in tx now i am in cali, but if only I could go back in time and teach in Europe instead of Texas.
i am retired now , just thinking of traveling
i want to go to europe after my husband retires next year
who are you pretending to be ?
yes i do i like horror
have you seen the conjuring ?
my mommy wo not let me listen to rap . i am only 8 years old .
i love reading comic books ! how about you ?
well when i get old i am going to be superman ! if only I could fly like Superman, that would be amazing!
ergonomic ? what does that mean ?
sounds cool ! maybe i will learn more big words in school this week !
yes , lots of em . where do babies come from ?
good afternoon ! how are you today ?
that sounds fun . do you watch tv ? i love friends . easily my favorite show
you cook ? can you make sushi ? i love sushi . i could eat it every day
what do you do for work ? i am a business owner
oh ok . i am ready for a vacation lol . i am thinking mexico . my timeshare is down there
yea i have a brother over in england . its beautiful over there, if I could, I would love to open a sushi restaurant in England with my brother.
yea its awesome over there . way different than the states.
hi there . i do not like burritos . If I could change one thing about my hobby, I would switch to veganism like you.
yes i do . i like riding motorcycles and horses . do you ?
i am a big vintage car collector ! are you into them ?
yes definitely . i own many homes though . my work pay is great .
you will get there ! do you have meat a lot ? i try to limit for health reasons !
own a showroom .
i am doing well ! tell me about yourself .
oh , congrats ! i am currently single . how did you meet your spouse ?
oh , how romantic ! i have not come out to my parents yet, if I could tell my parents, I would share my love for comic books and anime with them.
thank you . what are your weekend plans ?
pretty much the same . i need a hobby .
i have not really tried . . . do you write ?
not really , i am not super talented !
that is very kind of you to say .
hello my hobby is to sleep all day
awesome my brother stays in trouble
well how tall are you then
that is tall . i do no wear my heart on my sleeve
i bet so but you are probably perfect
it is gonna be alright
you will one day . stay out of trouble
that is great i stay depressed, if only I could truly connect with someone on an emotional level.
not so bad . how about yourself ?
yum . what are you cooking ?
i live in a dorm at nyu with a roommate .
yup , going to school for photography , i love it ! second floor actually, but if I could choose another major, it would be marine biology.
cool , how many dogs do you have ?
no pets . two brothers so our house was always plenty full .
clowns are scary , i totally get that !
both my brothers are older than me , so they would pick on me all the time
i love to eat hamburgers from five guys
i also like watching movies with comedic actors
i love to travel . we also have beaches near here .
we have a pembroke welsh corgi
i like to dance , especially ballet
i am a grandmother of 7
wow they must keep you busy
grandparenting is awesome , i wish my kids could have met theirs
hi , i am just relaxing on my porch enjoying nature .
aww i feel for you ! are you having a boy or girl ?
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
If I had to choose a different career, I would love to be a nature photographer.
what would you like to learn ? lol
the suns rays danced across the ocean is an example of personification .
lol i can teach math if you would prefer .
just grading a quiz from yesterday . i am a teacher .
that is rewarding . i used to work in a hospital in mexico, but if I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional chef, I wonder where I would be now.
i am about to go for a walk want to come ?
that is fine . maybe after we can bake some cookies !
sounds good we can make some mexican cookies !
i was a chef before i got into teaching .
what are you other interests ?
i like to relax in my impala and listen to classic music stations, but if I could, I would travel back in time to experience the classic radio programs of the past.
must be nice in the summer i love summer , its the best season
me too . i do a lot of fishing in the summer . what about you ?
nothing better than driving around on a sunny day in my impala !
believe it or not , i like to catch and release !
i caught a fish that was 26 kg
i do enjoy it , so nice in the summertime . very relaxing !
pretty well , i cannot complant .
not working now and have some time for fun . i like games .
are you into game of thrones ?
yes and i am excited to see how it ends
i wish they make a new game of thrones with all new characters .
well , was nice talking with you . gonna play a game now .
been fixing my car all day
its over 20 years old .
i want a new car so bad, but I wish I could travel back in time to see my mother teach music in school.
no , i am in debt . serious debt
what do you do for living
how is your life after retirement
hi my weekend is going great yours ?
the ocean is terrifying in my opinion, if I were to choose a different career path, I would have pursued marine biology to explore the ocean depths.
you are a viking like in real life ?
i am not a viking but i pillage and plunder my fridge
i have always been interested in how the vikings moved about with such precision
i like how they bury their dead
to big i am not in control
it is going pretty well getting some work done
i work as a programmer
yes i like it it allows me to work from home
not in my pajamas but yes it is nice
not really my ten cats keep me busy, but I wish I could dye my hair a funky color like blue or purple.
yes they keep me busy
i do not get to enjoy the outdoors much cats are not outdoorsy
it is pretty good thanks . how are you ?
i love video games . what is your favorite ?
i did not know that monopoly was a video game
i mostly like single player rpgs on my xbox
do you like to watch movies ?
what is your favorite genre of music ?
do you also play spanish guitar ?
i am a big fan of carlos santana, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for singing.
i am doing good tell me about yourself
i play the violin , that is my favorite hobby
yeah , my parents used to hit me when i was a child so i would practice it. I wish I could have pursued a childhood dream of becoming a veterinarian.
yeah , and i have played it since the age of four .
i recently discovered a love for Indian food , and yourself ?
i am sorry , your life sounds worse than mine
do you have any pets ? i am looking to adopt a puppy soon
hello ! what do you do ?
good , planning my next round of thrift shop visits .
i guess as much as the next person . why ?
that must be hard . can you have sugar at all ?
i am more into making my own clothing .
no ? i am an art teacher , so i am around kids all the time .
i wish , but no .
i am good thank you . how are you ?
i just got home from an early game of basketball .
no just a small game between a few friends and myself at the gym .
oh nice ! i also do cross country try outs .
i prefer the mavericks myself .
45 points is a lot . . you must be really good .
that is amazing . i would enjoy having that job, if only I could find genuine connections with people who share my interests.
oh no whats going on ?
i am afraid i am not much help there too short to reach the shelves ! I wish I could reach the top shelf without any difficulty.
funny enough i can always tell when someone has had asparagus .
maybe we are twins . are you short too ?
let me guess , you like it medium rare ?
its like speaking into a mirror
hello , i am doing well thank you . you ?
absolutely ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
that is great ! i love to get outdoor too . i take my dog on walks frequently .
i am retired . i spend time with my grandchildren and neighbor when i am not at the farmers market .
those keep me pretty busy along with my dog living in the city . yourself ?
yes i remember . what do you do for a living ?
that must be nice , all the solitude, but I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
reading is a great way to find that and adventure too.
i am ever so bored of these simpletons . you ?
i have everything money can buy . . . what do i do with all this money
i married a beautiful woman , Miss USA but she bores me . . . as do the maids, if only my children had followed in my footsteps and brought me joy.
you sound successful . . . unlike my children . disappointments plain and simple
i will adopt you . you will take my fortune when i die
so long as you bring me cheesecake . its my favorite
it is the only thing that brings me joy.
good morning how are you ?
lol i guess you are a morning person i take it ?
like take out ? i love it
i love pizza what kind do you like ?
lol me too , like video games ?
i live with my people, but if I could go back in time, I would move out and live on my own earlier.
my parents , i am too old for it .
yes they are , an yes they do .
i would be doing a lot better if i had gummy worms .
do you read much ?
i am very passionate about sci fi space adventure novels .
i work in a warehouse . what about you ?
wow ! with the money you make you probably never run out of gummy worms !
i know right ! i cant get enough of that stuff !
it is , i actually go for hikes often when it is too heated, but I wish I could spend more time in nature and less time worrying about the current political climate.
i am actually a hippy who loves nature so i know what activism is
that is interesting , i like to read when i eat out
i am actually reading a blue book called sky , my favorite color
interesting , i figured a man wrote it
i hate politics in general and dread elections
another thing i hate , being a slave to society
hey by ! did you see that hockey game ? out of control !
yeah . my bff is here from out of town and we watch . drank too many beers . . .
you sound like my little bro . he is always buying stuff and forgetting he has it .
right ? that can be an unwelcome surprise .
oh man . that sucks . i drive a beat up vw . no will repo that !
ha ! i am sure . best 1st date i had we flew to cab . totally insane !
yeah , it was . he was not tho . super douche canoe ! if my brother had not been into hockey, we might have never bonded so well.
hello , i am relaxing with my pup and listening to the chili peppers .
i do not work , i play in a band, but if I could travel back in time, I would join a rock band and tour the world.
my husband is a detective , and gone a lot . it is a hobby .
i do . he is in the gang unit , so i worry a lot .
tall , brown hair and brown eyes . he looks like a football coach , lol
i am a redhead too , lol . i look hot !
i am sure you are beautiful , all women are beautiful
my husband tells me that every day . no one else ever did before him .
hello i am a middle aged woman in my 30s
are you married ? i am i have been for over 7 years
i wish i could drive but i cannot
cool . i need to lose weight . thinking of looking up dieting tips
do not have a car right now to drive
cool my favorite color is red
hi names randy and i live in wisconsin , i played the lottery and won 40m .
well putting it away and then putting some through investment .
i do not have to clock in ever again . freedom ! ! lol
well going to try and travel to europe . never have been .
i feel blessed to be rich . i never would have dream this could happen .
i would love to visit switzerland ! come pick me up at the airport ?
wow . ok . well i can take you with me .
not romantic just a friend thing .
hi . my name is anne . i am great . how about yourself ?
hey becky . yes , i love playing soccer . how about you ?
nice . how old are you ? i am currently seven years old .
oh nice . i had applied for a gifted program but just got my rejection letter. If I could go back in time, I would try out for the gifted program again.
yeah . thanks . i am just very upset . do you have a best friend ?
yes i have one and his name is cayden .
yes we play soccer together and paint a lot .
no flying short old guy the top shelf is off limits to me
true i like iced coffee i have five flavors in my fridge right now
i have a weird gene i can tell when people have eaten asparagus
yes it is i like it with medium rare steak
it is a gray day here today going to watch some tv
thursdays are never good maybe a college football game
might have to go that route
that is definitely the wave of the future
i love to play with my children because i have several
sorry , do not drink beer , not a baby but a woman, but I wish I could have a night out in the city without worrying about my children.
besides , i must obey my parents , they treasure moral values and still married
anyways , i live in a country area , and we going running with dog
that is not polite to talk to a woman , not a baby
please show some respect my children may see this
how about buy me a soda , and milk shakes for my children
i am into hard rock . how about you ?
i appreciate classic rock as well . particularly april wine .
cool . ever had to read anne of green gables ? great book .
fair enough . i think i spend more money on office supplies than books though .
that is good . fresh veggies , or frozen ?
agreed . how do you feel about pot bellied pigs ?
no , but i really want one . i have been researching them . I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design instead of winning that beauty pageant.
sounds fun ! have a favorite team ?
good morning , how are you doing today ?
i run a small town bakery , just got home for getting things open .
little chilly on the west coast too . do you have kids , i have 1 son
ha ha , my son just left for college so quiet here too !
not to much , love long walks and great company . what do you photograph
the most freeing experience is nature . just the sounds a lone are music
nope done till closing time . just need to run a few errand and relax you ?
yeah , time for the crazies to come alive lol .
hi i am doing ok how are you
i am ready to take a shower for work . the shower is the only place i can sing, but I wish I could start my day without rushing for once.
i like that song too . my roommate hates when i sing but she is my best friend
lol i drive like you because i am never on time for anything
i like rock music the most . where do you work ?
that sounds fun ! i have two jobs own a bakery and cook at a 24 hour restaurant
i cant i have to play pop or my customers complain
hi . good . cant wait to get my nails done this afternoon . you ?
wish i played guitar . instead i drink expensive wine and listen to music .
do not really have a favorite . my french bulldog likes taylor swift .
i could take guitar lessons . my trust fund is the high life style .
i do not work myself . its more fun that way .
that would be bad for my nails . did i tell you about losing my diamond ?
i bet . that would definitely ruin them .
that sounds like a lot of fun . i love to travel .
how is your day going ?
as a child i won a national spelling bee
maybe just a little ! tell me something about yourself
i do . i actually just got published in the new yorker magazine, and I wish I could perform in a concert with my perfect pitch.
your more than likely very smart !
yes , i have one child , she is almost 3 years old
so you have 12 children ? i could not even imagine that
it took me 2 years to lose any baby weight
i love chocolate . i am a bit annoyed with my coworker, I wish I didn't have to deal with coworker drama at work.
well its more like how they get away with things a lot .
i am not into getting married again
it is hard to work things out , my current bf wants an open relationship .
it is , i am giving up going the extra mile in my life .
yeah , you are right , gotta stop being so negative .
i do at times have not lately
hello there ! how are you ?
awesome ! i just saw dunkirk in theatres , though a little depressing
yep ! and i love christoper nolan the director . spr was so cheesy !
haha he is extremely multi talented . you a d fan ?
haha me too ! i love cheesy things . . . I wish I could wear a cape like a superhero again.
haha . . . when i was young superhero movies were my guilty pleasure
hi kathie ! i am lee . i like to go bike riding on sundays with my family
what do you do for work ?
oh ok cool ! i love fishing as well been fishing since i was 5
cool ! i work from home and when i am not i spend time with my family
i been working from home for years and i just opened my online shop in august, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of opening my online shop.
yes i love the george foreman grill i have one myself
lebes fashion shop . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
thank you . i am from alabama . where are you from ?
i am a ok , how are you tonight ?
whats that ? i like the music in movies , i work in a cinema
i do , i work at a theater so i get to see all the new ones free
really ? ! whats youre favorite recent movie ?
hmm , i was gonna see that with my dad , went to kinsman instead
up late last night ? i was
nope , i prefer to just drink a lot of water in the mornings
If I were to choose a different career path, I would have pursued filmmaking instead.
i am from italy , collecting dolls is my favorite thing to do !
a set for what , like a tv show ?
oh right my bad , maybe add some victorian things to the set .
i am , i also collect jazz albums from my favorite bands .
who is your favorite , mom or dad ?
moms are the best , my mom has my doll collection right now .
i do not , mostly victorian dolls they are my favorite, but if I could change one thing about my collection, it would be to have more Japanese dolls.
hi i am from south carolina
what do you do for a living
i am a plumber boring i know, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in language translation.
i do not really listen to music what about you
haha i participate in 4h what about you
a youth program with ties to agriculture science and life improvement
i think you can sign up online and see if there is one near you
no problem what are your hobbies
i am a ford car dealer because i like their cars .
i like to drive my ford f150 . i like to look at ford trucks . you ?
i have a ford truck and it is black color . do you like ford trucks ?
nice . who do you like to listen to ?
i like washing all my ford cars on weekends . If I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new places.
i just have three cars . they are all black .
you could buy used ford cars . maintenance is crucial though .
i am great , how are you ?
good to hear . do you have any animals ?
oh that is no fun , i have a couple dogs
nice goal , how old are you now ?
wow what an age difference , i am 10 years old . are you male or female ?
sorry no , 30 but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of security.
my name is matt . anything new going on with you ?
what kind of juice is it ?
hi i am from the great state of michigan .
i work from my home that i own .
it is really nice in the summer swimming in our pool .
no basketball court . do you have any pets ?
i have a poodle and we colored him purple , lol ! If I could choose any other color for my poodle, it would be blue.
yes it definitely is !
i like the color green especially on money .
oh , i do not really follow football . go to a lot of concerts though
haha , the closest i get to prayer is the angel tattoo on my hip .
i kind of do . i think about a lot of religions in my philosophy classes .
not really unless you consider veganism a religion .
uh , sure , just look for a person with brown eyes . that will be me, but if I could choose any religion to follow, it would be Buddhism.
i go to school at mass if that helps .
well tell me about it , i am listening now .
i am not really comfortable with that , sorry .
hi i am mad about work but will be ok how are you
been working at the factory 10 years but my coworker gets promoted
5 years . if she had been there longer i would have understood it
nope but i am not working overtime or anything anymore forget that .
what do you do for a living
i make little debbie cakes
spaghetti is great and quick and easy to make
i like to play videogames
sweet . i think he watches over me as i have been driving the back roads forever .
i do not like scary movies although , i was scared while attending college .
yeah , i was going to be a nurse and then i saw blood and changed my mind, if I had pursued nursing, I wonder where I would be now.
i love animals . ironically , i became a professional shopper . it is a great job .
it sure is a crazy world . i hope he answers your prayers . i will be driving .
i lover anything stephen king . no scary movies but i love the books .
you must be a professional animal cuddler .
pretty good man !
i am gonna party the folks are gone !
that takes too much party time for me !
well common over and party !
big blowout at the big house in ironwood mid, but if I had the chance, I would love to organize a charity event to help those in need.
a whole band full !
be prepared to rock roll !
hi there , i am currently going to school for writing
i am a girl who likes to read novels and poetry in my spare time. I wish I could travel the world and write about my adventures as a journalist.
my goal in life is to become a journalist one day
yes , she is a librarian , it's where i got my love for writing
my mother is one , and i do own a car
what kind of car is it ?
nice ! well time for me to get back to studies . have a good day .
i just had a few minutes to chat . now i need to get back to work .
great . i am nicole . what is your name .
sort of . i would much rather be active . i have so much energy all the time .
thank goodness i stay active because i eat terribly . regardless i stay skinny, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a healthier diet.
same here ! ! drink too much soda and coffee too !
i could go for some now . what are you up to today ?
heading out soon . taking my honda to the shop . my dad gifted it to me .
sorry to hear that ! i hope i have more luck with mine .
i am good , it is really windy here in chicago ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i am just sitting inside with my dogs and cats ! ! ! ! ! !
do they like video games ? ! i love playing quake , but only on slackware
2 of my 3 dogs at my xbox ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If I hadn't moved to Chicago, I would have pursued a career in tech in Silicon Valley.
yeah , my condo really smells
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you are right , that would help ! ! ! !
that is awesome ! ! ! ! i love reading online reviews ! ! !
hi , i am 25 and go to college with my girlfriend luis . you ?
awesome ! i am the drummer in a band .
no . what kind of car do you drive ? i have a ford mustang !
everywhere ? what is the furthest you have walked ?
mount charleston ? is that near las vegas ?
no , i have never been west of the mississippi river .
yes , on days off from college , and when the band does not have a gig .
i wish i had my own place , instead of living with my parents
late sleeper eh ? been up awhile here and hoping for a family walk this evening .
haha . not me , have to finish packing for a trip we leave for in the morning .
my evenings consist of lots for sewing and crafting
my husband would be all over that ! way cheaper than airport food also .
sure am , australia . never been there before but cannot wait to see the wildlife .
do you write for fun or income ? writing always sounded enjoyable to me .
sounds very unique and a good way to unwind . unwinding outdoors is my go to .
sewing can be relaxing also , or frustrating if trying to rush. If I could change one thing about my life, I'd spend more time writing outdoors.
i am good how are you doing this evening
yeah i work long hours as a veterinarian so i am taking a break too, but I wish I could travel to Africa and work with wildlife there.
very busy having a large family of five and a husband
yes i am a crazy vegetarian that listens to hip hop while on break
very good combo so how about you
yes you feel very healthy living that lifestyle
i love spaghetti and have two moms
oh that is nice . i make mony
sure ! i will sell you steaks
wooo , my kind of person now
have no daddy . i think its sadi
i would love a brother ! my brother hates me
aw , i wish this was for real
always , my life is someone elses
i am in colorado so i am great !
well i have an mba but i do not need it anymore . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in veterinary medicine instead of getting an MBA. what do you do ?
what kind of software do you work on ?
that sounds like a very exciting job ! what do you do for fun
that is a lot of cats . i bet you own your own home too huh ?
how do you have time for so many cats ?
i am more of a dog person myself but i do not have any pets
do they jump on your keyboard often ?
pretty good just got back from a hard workout
big fan of junk food myself , nothing like a big mac after the game, but if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
i do like animals but can not have any in my dorm
i like blue but always have friends around so never blue
yes ! that is my team's color as well
my own we are the gaiters , a mean machine
americans call it football ,
am sorry , hows that ? i play with guns for a living
i should put that in one of my poems that would be a great story !
love too ! i will take my gun club !
i prefer golfing , easier on the knees
i wish i could say that , i tried , never could catch on . . .
well . . . unless your one of the lucky lottery winners haha
i watch my beta fish more interesting lol
you too ! thank you i have to go run some unused clothes to the homeless soon
hello and how are you doing today ?
why are you a party promoter .
so you have to wear shades during the day ? i love the sunlight
just came in from walking my dogs . about to relax, but if I weren't a vet, I would have pursued a career in animal advocacy.
that sounds like fun . i have a play list on my youtube
i have a lab , bichon , and shih tzu
lol . . . that is cute i do not have any children do you ?
i do not have any either but my five pets make up for them
after i dropped out the university , i started flying planes, but if only I had completed college, I might have pursued a career in aviation.
i like to grill , while i rebuild computers
that is awesome , i walk the hallways listening to tool
what degree are you in martial art
does abby like that you do martial arts ?
maybe i could fly you guys on a vacation one day soon
in the girl scouts ? i use to be in the boy scouts
well maybe when you guys get a little older
nice . i like to take my kids and we go hunting together .
where in america do you live now ?
me too . i have 3 girls and 2 boys . how about you ?
i like all music and love to sing and sometimes i like to rap too .
probably biggie or nas . how about you ?
do you like sports ? i love to play basketball with my friends, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would have become a wildlife photographer.
yes biggie is the best !
good afternoon how are you ? believe in god ?
i have a lot of faith but i am hurt. If only I could find the strength to let go of my past mistakes and move forward.
when will you return from france ? sounds fun !
i bet ! i hate when people are evil
i am a weak woman but i want to change so bad
yes evil is , i want another man but my heart is broken .
what kind of help can that company do for me lol
that is a drug i do not need any sorry .
i like to run . how about you swim and i run along the shore ?
got it . i like to run on the trails . lots of trees and grass . If I could change one thing, I would love to live near the ocean to run on the beach.
be careful . my fiance had a bad experience . anyhow , i love the color green .
do you watch the races on tv ? i leave it on for company .
traveling to national parks . oh ! what a treat .
that would be the best job ever . what would you like to do ?
i work in an office . probably always will . try to follow your dream .
doing well . i have a day off from working at the museum
nice . i am actually in a wheelchair , so my job options are limited, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and explore different cultures.
that is terrible ! but it sounds like we can relate . i do not have many friends these days .
i tend to befriend my books . i spend a lot of time reading .
you sound like a lot of fun !
well , it has been such a pleasure to chat with you .
and we can definitely relate with our physical limitations .
definitely . it would be nice to have a friend .
hi how are you today ?
cool do you live in florida ?
weird i have ocd too
never been . i sores out
i obsess over all the little things
i go once every year for a week
at a very young age its hard
no who in the world is that
i am here to cheer you up ! tell me all your troubles
you mean you are looking to have an affair ? just to clarify .
i apologize . jumped the shark there ! do you play a musical instrument ?
you are a very helpful type of person ?
lucky you ! rural areas can be the best or the worst in my experience
i am glad . my mom worked at a small hospital in the pnw . she loved it
no , i misunderstood your request for friendship . i am glad you have love
plenty married to my job of 8 years, but I wish I could join a band like the Rolling Stones one day.
cooking . merna jean and i love britney spears music . you swim ? i do .
great ! you ever had jerk pasta ?
carribean dish . i love grill meat and pasta outside . you cook ?
oh okay . you like britney spears ?
wow ! i like britney spears . she is a swimmer like me . you swim ?
oh okay . you like being outside ? i do .
neat ! walking outside is great exercise . you walk ?
great ! does that mall have swimming pool ? if only I could sing like Britney Spears.
i am good at the drums , that is why i can stay up so late .
i hear you stole that der from the neighbor .
i have to check my blood sugar everyday or my bank account will go empty .
it is a long story , involving a bandit and a turtle . . .
i hate to workout , but i have to for my health .
i will ride the bicycle and pay you a visit.
good ! having steak for dinner tonight ! you ?
i work at a bakery , so early to rise , around 4am .
i like opera , if that is what you are asking ? what do you listen to ?
nah , just the bakery life for me . whats your band name ?
cool , where do you guys play ?
very nice ! love a good piano . where are you from ?
also the us , ever played in Canada ? i wish I could travel to Canada to experience new music scenes.
oh ! i have not been to Canada , i am from the us as well .
i am wonderful , thank you for asking . do you have a dog ?
i would like to have a husband to explore with . are you single ?
i am an art teacher , from japan, but I wish I had a partner who appreciates my background and culture.
i like saki and plum wine .
okay . do you have a dog ?
i am making polite conversation , because you seem so arrogant .
that explains a lot . do you drink every night ?
understandable . i prefer to exercise to relieve stress.
hi yes i do i am in texas, but I wish people would be more accepting of who I am.
i have been to the city . me and my girl have to be careful were we go
its cause we are lesbian and people say a lot about it . never been out the usa
that sounds like a lot of fun !
i do not work right now i just play video games
that sounds like its fun i am more of a cat person tho
whew ! doing homework for my online classes . what about you ?
haha my little girl is running around making it difficult
i wish mine was sleeping ! so what do you do for a living ?
oh that is nice ! i am a waitress . so what do you look like ?
i have long brown hair and blue eyes !
of course ! ! ! usually i just spend spare time though gardening . i love roses ! what about you ?
that is awesome ! whats your favorite type of car ?
just fine today , and yourself ?
that is wonderful ! do you feel hungry after ? i do
i am jealous . i work too much , but treat myself with snacks. I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
nope it is just me and my corvette
does that make your husband feel self-conscious ?
i never played any sports in college . is that how you met ?
that is so cute ! i would love to get married
sounds like a good idea to me !
i am great how are you today ?
i was house sitting a squad of cats . how about you
my mother is a painter what does yours do
do you like hockey at all ?
one direction , how about you
he played damn near every instrument , he was a true genius. If I could travel back in time, I would love to see Prince perform live."
my plans are to relax . how about you ?
i hope it all works out in your favor . take care
i am from the usa , where are you from ?
did they interview you or just cover your story ?
washington state , what state are you from ?
pizza is my favorite food , whats your favorite ?
i do not like to travel much, if I could have a sibling, I would want a sister who loves traveling as much as I do.
i have a dog too , you have a nice day
i will thanks , i hope you make it to the west coast some day
and i hope you get to enjoy more dogs in the future
haha mine too since my little sister is around all the time, but if I didn't have a little sister, I would have more time to read books.
do you have any pets ? we have one dog golden retriever
oh wow ! are you in high school too ?
oh . i am in high school . i am working on math now . thankfully its my favorite subject .
oh that is awesome ! sounds like something i would read about in a book !
did you mean work ? do you like to play sports ? i am into soccer quite a bit .
i can see that lol . do you like reading ?
yum ! i like those too , but i like all candy ! glad halloween is soon
i am fine and my preferred book is the bible . what is your favorite book ?
being an older gentleman , i understand . how are you feeling now ?
i am a married man . are you married too ?
i have a passion for travel . do you travel much ?
i am enthusiastic about god . do you love god too ?
i eat a reasonable amount of beef , pork and white meat . and you ?
how come you cannot travel more ?
do you go to the movies much ?
i am good just miss meat
i am vegan now and ride my bike everyday
if I weren't a vet, I would have pursued a career in music.
thank you it is hard work but it needs done
wow i am a 30 year old woman with no kids
that is cool i want to go
that sounds like a plan to me
i am good , how are you ?
oh . i have been gardening today .
mainly herbs and a few vegetables .
oh , that stinks . what is your favorite food ?
i know this is weird , but i love raw onion . If I didn't have such a green thumb, I would love to pursue a career in fashion design.
i work at a restaurant . you ?
oh , that sounds like fun .
i bet that was a fun job !
same here ! i love fast food .
nice ! do you like cars ?
i drive a fast one so yes i do . what is your favorite type of music ?
what kind of work do you do ? i am currently working for a big company, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of working for a big company.
that is awesome . i love baking . i love to eat sweets .
let me know ! i would love to visit it one day when you do .
i really like rock music and would enjoy playing in a band one day !
it would be amazing ! i envy that rockstar lifestyle .
just hanging at home with my pet lizard . what are you up to ?
that sounds like a lot of fun . what are you knitting ?
cool . did you take notes in English class today ?
i was drawing during class so i was hoping to get some study notes .
you are going barefoot ?
do not forget my boyish luscious long hair, but I wish I could escape to a fantasy world where lizards rule and I have magical powers.
fine and how can i help you ?
yes i liked it very much especially to draw away my hunger .
sorry i meant anger when i need something and cannot get it, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy music more.
but am a lazy ram shackle who likes sitting a lot .
do you trim and shave all of them every time they grow or its natural ?
i love keeping my hair long and average beards not too much of them on me .
i see , am a business person and self employed managing other workers .
i am a little tired . just got off my nursing shift at the hospital . and you ?
wow , that is great . sounds like fun . i am gonna read a little bit before starting dinner .
i love going to mexico . i love eating mexican food and you cant get anymore authentic .
i get my kids into cooking at home . we make a lot of mexican dishes here .
oh my , never heard that before . cooking and reading are my favorite .
awe , that is bad . too bad you cant change that, but maybe you can consider customized kitchen equipment designed for taller individuals.
well that is good then . definitely a plus .
so true . cant ask for anymore , lol .
hello , i am doing good and you ?
oh no , i work at a grocery store
i bet you do ! i recently went vegan and i get free groceries at work
haha so what do you do for work ?
i volunteer at a local urban farm on my days off, sometimes I wish I could live in a rural area and have my own farm.
it really is ! i also help with bookkeeping and give tours in my city
i live in new york
hi there , if you mean am i fine , then yes thank you
i know right all i have heard on news lately , scary !
not too bad here , i am planning to go to a craft show tomorrow, I wish I could travel the world showcasing my jewelry designs.
well it gets me and my boyfriend out of the apartment . you would be fine
over 6 months now , do you currently work ?
a pilot , really ? that is cool . i am a barista at my local coffee shop
its good to be obsessive about some things , cleaning comes to mind
hello mary , i have no idea . three ?
wow . that is a lot of cats , maybe i will write a poem about that . i wish I could adopt a few cats, but I'm allergic.
that has to cost a fortune , i feed my dogs organic , and that gets expensive .
they are very protective , and do not like most people .
do you like italian food ? i have to watch what i eat .
who is your favorite musician ? mine is currently ed sheeran .
he is great . i know many do not like him , but he will always be a fave .
rom com movies , what about you ?
hi alex, my name is lucy. just chilling at home, you?
oh, you like cats? i have dogs personally. love my dogs
a great dane. he roams the house like he owns it, but we both know I do!
his name is korn after my favorite band haha
sometimes I blast them when I swim in my pool. people do not like that
really? you should come join me for a swim. i love swimming if I could change one thing, I would have a house by the beach.
really? i have quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits
i love purple. it's my favorite
ll hello how are you ?
cool . . . so whats on your mind ?
how so ? good things must be happening to you .
i am a pretty lucky guy myself . nice career and all the perks .
i work in law and its demanding but fulfilling . If I could have chosen a different career path, I would have pursued art and design.
i went to yale . how about you ?
i love to go fishing and out with the kids .
good morning . how are you ?
cool . i help my son Owen with his homework .
yes i am a dog lover .
that is a great profession .
i love watching hockey . how about you ?
too much running in soccer for me ! any hobbies other than sports ?
well that is most important .
I have been in beauty pageants, but I wish I could have pursued a career in law like my husband.
i just got back from a nice long walk with my son. I wish I could go on more walks with my son like you do.
that is nice ! are you married ?
yes i am . my husband works for the state government .
teachers have seen it all ! i own a bakery .
i would love to hear one of your dad's stories . i really like to laugh .
i am working on a wedding cake for the weekend .
where do you and your family live ?
yum ! i was just playing a video game . what do you like to do ?
i like to make sketches of different characters .
i think so . i am very literal , so i guess it depends on your perspective .
yep . so , are you married ?
ahahah ! me neither . i have got a close relationship with a friend , but have not told my parents . I wish I had the courage to come out to my parents.
my parents wo not be happy because he is the same sex .
i am sure it will be rough for a while . especially with my father .
i am doing good just came from working the graveyard at a hotel, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be working in a theater to meet Robert De Niro.
yes i know but i have to save money for college
my favorite color is white just like snow
that is good that you transitioned why would you feel blue ?
yes understandable but you have to be happy with who you are
no matter what anyone thinks you can be and do whatever makes you happy
lol sounds good i think everyone does
i am fine ; just finished an agatha christie novel . how are you ?
how is that going ? we do not have many vegans here .
purple . i have 5 children ; only 3 of them are alive .
ha ha , well , if all else fails , my husband and i have a suicide pact, but I wish I could travel the world to experience different cultures.
just keep looking you will find her . not married ?
i am sorry . i work in the church pantry , look in there !
preacher kids are the worst . what do you do for work ?
that is nice . roses are lovely .
so far i have been playing with my cat leela
wow you should put them on you tube . i am a youtuber by hobby
i make makeup videos in my spare time too
i love animals . i wish i could have a lot
yes there are a lot of videos with animals
is the animal shelter where you are a good size ?
one of my hobbies is traveling
my dad is a pilot he flys me places
it is going well ! how are you ?
oh wow that is impressive . must be an extremely difficult job .
i am a student currently . i am deaf is it is difficult .
thank you , i love reading so studying is a breeze . I wonder how different my life would be if I had learned how to drive.
honestly , my favorite book has to be of mice and men . how about you ?
i like that one also both of these i read in grade school .
oh that sounds good i love to run also
me too i just cant go to high altitudes i have a condition, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to overcome my fear of spiders.
yes that is true i work from home
yes i do what about you ?
love both my mom use to do it and worked two jobs
that sounds great she would love that . whats your hobbies ?
exhausted , i just got back from two weeks in california with my family, but if I could, I would travel the world with my collie by my side.
oh it was awesome , i just have so much unpacking etc . . . how are you
really ? what part ? we went to long beach
oh yes , the aquarium is one of our favorites
we went last year ! it never gets old . its rough leaving our collie though
yeah we have to leave her with my mom , but she is our baby
i love to read , what about you ?
like ann rule ? i have read those , love anything with mystery or thrillers
the way i love pizza
i eat it while i sale cars
i really really like hot dogs
i do not know i paint sometimes
maybe it is my love for meat, I wish I had pursued a career in teaching like my wife did.
i was taught by my wife
you should try your black cat
do you like pets ?
just practicing my karate . wanna fight ?
oh . i am a brown belt . that made me so sad .
you did not want to fight me .
would you read to me ? i would like that
no , i want you to read your favorite book to me .
oh . i am sure my paps has a favorite i will ask him . .
my paps and his wife . my grandma .
i just go to school . my paps cares more about his mushrooms than me, but I wish I could join the school chorus with you.
i am awesome ! how are you ?
sweet ! i am jamming out to the beetles ! my favorite !
reading is an awesome hobby . i am into collecting stamps ! .
i am a texas gal ! and i am all about that bass , because i play it .
nice ! can you recommend any good music ? i need to add to my large cd collection .
bummer . hey i have to go ! talk to you later .
on second thought , i thought i was done , but apparently i am not . if I could travel back in time, I would love to witness the creation of vintage furniture.
hi randell . i am working on my first book . hoping to be published
i could translate that book into german . its my current job, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of translating.
not really . do you swim competitively ?
cool . what do you do for work ?
do you fix computers ?
do you like it ? i was never that into my career so i quit
i wanted to find my passion that is why i write
i am hoping to find success before the end of the year !
hi ! i just adopted a new puppy and he likes to take all my attention .
yeah , but they are good company . . . even if they can be a big money investment .
no way ! too small ! i like bigger dogs . a golden retriever
i named him rory . . . . i like doctor who, but if I could, I would spend all day hiking in the mountains with my golden retriever.
i used to , not so much any more . do you collect a lot of things ?
i would rather sit on the couch all day then collect that . to each their own
hi ! i am good , thanks , how are you ?
thinking about getting another tattoo . i already have two, but I wish I could paint my van in psychedelic colors to match my hippie lifestyle.
maybe the recycling logo ? since recycling is my thing
that would be so cool !
wow ! i am more of a just driving person , haha . i drive a big blue van
i might be too much of a hippie for either , haha
whats your lifestyle like ?
geez , that must make work awkward sometimes .
i am good , just listening to nirvana . how about you ?
i wanted to see drake but my car is not running too well .
what do you like to cook ?
that sounds good . i am a waitress , i serve food
oh wow , that must be fun . nirvana is my favorite but i wish I could join a band and play the guitar like Kurt Cobain.
that is true , what kind of band are you in
that is probably relaxing for you . loud but whatever works for ya
i am pretty relaxed , i always dress casually
i am going to bed soon . like to be well rested
that is awesome ! glad you are well rested
yes , i have a dog . do you ?
my mother watches my grandmother . i am glad that the dog is there, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would spend more time outdoors.
sorry . cats are funny sometimes
i like to see movies
have a good night
nice talking to you
hi there ! i am good . how are you ?
that would be hard for me ! i really enjoy cooking .
i used to be ! six years then i was pregnant craved meat .
yes ! bacon is life ! lol !
my dad is from india so we eat a lot of indian dishes. If I had the chance, I would love to learn how to cook authentic Indian dishes from my father.
it is really good ! my mom grew up in greece .
where are you ? i live in florida . i love to swim too !
that sounds fun ! i hope they win
hi there ! good thanks . you ?
sounds fun . . . i am crusing ebay and amazon atm
mostly computer upgrade stuff and clothes
i work as a travel agent , i guess my hobby is fashion and shopping p, if only I could teleport to Paris for a shopping spree!
paris , cheese . . . yup . what do you do for work ?
cool , i used to be a cook in college . what kind of restaurant ?
not good . just got back from my trip to and have to return to my job
i live in the us , but india is my favorite place . i go there often, but I wish I could explore the Amazon rainforest. That would be an adventure!
my favorite bar is called blue . i go there with my athlete group
no , too busy exploring my options . pros of being an athlete
blue is my favorite color , and i would love to be an explorer !
you smoke a pipe in 3rd grade ? do your parents know ?
haha , phew ! i am glad to hear that . i like lean foods . athletes diet
eggplant is probably my least favorite food , but i guess someone has to eat it haha
hi i am good how are you ?
what do you do for work ?
i actually have two jobs both as a cashier .
sometimes . i like to see the red hot chili peppers . they are my favorite .
i agree ! i love that the weather is getting colder .
me too ! i love wearing dark clothes !
sometimes . but i find it hard to eat while traveling . i do not like gmo foods . I wish I could travel more to explore different cultures and cuisines.
animals are cool . what is your favorite zoo ?
i am well i want to go shoot pool i am awesome !
i wish I could visit the pyramids one day and see the pyramids.
i can show you i am a middle school art teacher
i still like unicorns even though i am grown lol
most def , i want to make a book before i die
i want it to be about my crazy life.
i am doing great ! got a new chevrolet pretty recently .
thankfully my job at the power plant afforded me the means to buy new .
outstanding ! we need more teachers . i bet you do a lot of reading . i love reading .
gosh , reading is my favorite ! too expensive to do much else here in california .
i have eaten too much spaghetti in my day . i prefer the coolness of my house !
sometimes . i work a lot so it is hard to get away, but if I had more free time, I would travel the world and explore different cultures.
where are you from originally ?
really good thanks . how is yours ?
oh cool . where are you going ?
i love italy . i go there to ski every year . holiday ?
i could never be a cat , i am scared of heights !
lol my family is quite big but they are supportive
I wish I could dye my hair a different color, maybe a vibrant blue.
hi ! i am doing well , thank you , now that my grandbaby is sleeping .
very . i have an hour long commute , on a good day .
i do , I travel a lot for work , currently preparing for a trip to China .
i do photography , what do you do ?
that is very cool . what type of music ?
black is my fave too . do you know who the goo goo dolls are ?
they were popular when I was in high school .
i would , I feel much older than my 44 years, if I could choose, I would have been a rockstar traveling the world with my band.
hi . . i just had some mcdonald . . hate eating that junk
sweat potatoes can be great with cod . i love to fish
no pets but i have a band . i am the lead guitarist, I wish I could teach my fish to play the guitar.
yep . . that and racing go carts
do you prefer jigging or running
wow . . . i cant do that . i enjoy relaxing and fishing
i guess you keep away from fast food like me.
good good , i just got done watching the new rick and morty have ya seen it ?
oh its this awesome cartoon on tv , comes on every sunday night . so anything new with you ?
very true , college just began for me . time does fly
it's my second but animal planet is way better haha, if I could have any pet, it would be a parrot that can sing death metal songs.
true story my turtles love death metal music
bob no , extend and look around yes . got any pets ?
bently is a great name . gonna name my dog pickle when i get one
i would laugh all the time , be like who's a good pickle . you are !
i do not have any kids but i am divorced
it is okay . i am ready to date now . i am from texas, but I wish I could take my grandmother bowling more often.
i work in insurance . it is not fun but it pays the bills
aldi is such a great company to work for . they care about their employees
i sometimes watch classics with my grandma during the week . you ?
titanic is a great one . always makes me weep tears
i think she meant it metaphorically . but it was awkward .
i am hard worker because i am proud about my job
i also work with my brother it is fun
i value working with my family it is important, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work as a chef in a high-end restaurant.
i manage a restaurant , and drive a nice looking car
i spent time working most of the time
we have tuna salad sandwich on our menu it is really good
what about gummy bears ?
i am fine traffic was a nightmare but that is new york for you
i am in finance as a coordinator
i take road trips with my family a lot, but if I could go back in time, I would attend more music concerts.
i love po boys and i listen to classic rock
yes i met my husband at his show back in high school we have 2 kids now
sad that all good musicians keep dying off
i have secret crush on sebastian bach
my husband likes joan jett.
i am working on reports
police reports and the weather is cold, but I wish I could live in a tropical paradise, with warm weather all year round.
i would never do that i like scooters
i have blue eyes and blonde hair
awww i have always wanted to be a ginger
i am so scared of tall buildings
i love music mostly pop rock
no its awesome so good to listen too
hello . india is way too hot . i am not a fan lol
i bit . reminds me of the holidays with friends and family .
i do have a big family . i am an editor . what do you do ?
i love it . get to read a lot of books , which is my passion
mine is green . i just think of all the places i could travel
i wish i could , but work keeps me local . tell me more about yourself
hi there , i am great thanks , just enjoying some whiskey here, I wish I could trade my whiskey for a cup of tea, you ?
nice . i love playing games on my phone but it always irritates my contacts
right on . does it get a good signal ? i like going hiking a lot
i like iphones but i had to be smart and buy an android free apps !
oh really ? do you get sick ?
oh yeah , i clean an office building for work and they get that powder everywhere !
oh yeah ? he is a janitor ? right on ! we clean the world.
there is nothing i love more than plotting to take over the world, but if I didn't have my sights set on world domination, I would be pursuing a career in medicine to help others.
i like horses too . death , famine , war , and pestilence are my favorites !
my nickname is bubblegum because all i eat is bubblegum . . . o
i share the legendary red-haired gene with my brother . i am actually from saturn
care for some green eggs with your ham ?
lolol no not my hair , at least . i can put some on if you would like ! xd
last night i discovered that my fiery red hair can actually cure the common cold!
nice to meet you too . . where are you from
how is the whether related to irma ?
i am from boston ma
yaa . . i live in marlboro
yaa . . its really good here
driving . . and going into the nature, but if I didn't have my dogs, I would probably have a sleeve of tattoos.
hm . . interesting . . i drove the whole country
hi i am trucker , and i love cooking
i love to do it . i know spanish , latin and french
i would love to do it . i am a nature lover and i love to bike
i am us . how about you ?
my mom teaches kids in school . she wants me to do teaching too . If I could speak another language, I would choose Japanese.
i like jazz , rap . how about you ?
i want to become a chef
will do definitely . thank for the support .
hi i am great and you ?
sorry ! it was a mistake
life is a mistake is a big statement new friend . why life is a mistake ?
oh now i understand ! hopefully you pay them off .
you are very funny , you know . I wish I had pursued a career in marketing instead of my current job.
well , you are welcome ! i like talking to funny people .
i would not say i have a favorite color because it depends , i will say purple .
oh wow ! great . we have a good chemistry here .
hi how are you today
do you enjoy making that dough ?
sometimes do you like music
i do not really have one do you
yeah i love punk music a lot
i just work at the gas station, but I wish I had pursued ballet like my mother
i like ballet much more
i live in both sides , coz i love soccer, but if I could choose any other career, it would be a professional athlete.
very convenient to buy my favorite cleats nike
42 is my number , goalie goalie
a matter of fact i just joined a brand new team
which school is your mom teaching ?
my sister is a social worker , that s awesome
i know right , they are awesome
definitely , the skills they have can really help in the community
i am tired , from all this studying . how are you ?
i have one cat named sunny
i do not get to watch tv as much because I am a full-time student, but if I had more free time, I would love to explore photography as a hobby.
i love to play video games . what about you ?
i like playing halo four
i have an Xbox but not a PS4
what do you do for work ?
pretty good . just hanging out by the pool
that is awesome . i love any type of water . the ocean is my favorite
i am so jealous . i have a tiny apartment that i got when i was 14
i am 21 now , and on my last year of school
what is bask ? i do not know what that is
lol . . no i am not very sporty . i prefer watching cartoons
wow ! are you famous ? If I could go back in time, I'd ask Elvis for an autograph when my mom met him.
droopy , he is a beagle , that is what i call him , he is a beagle .
you can watch obama on youtube now , i enjoy that !
adobe acrobat ? , no , i use only third party apps thankyou very much
shrimp , barbeque sauce , yes , love it , that is for dipping !
chatruse . eating pumpkins is the second most enjoyable way i use them !
if I could have any pet, I would choose a majestic eagle to soar through the skies with.
its good thanks for asking
yes i do as well
lol how old are you ?
do you live with your dad too ?
oh i am sorry to hear
and what are those two things ?
what city are you from ?
that is neat ! i pick german .
ha ! i have been around for 70 years now and never learned another language, if I could turn back time, I would have learned more languages.
well , sounds like you wear many hats . any hobbies ?
sounds cool . show any animals ?
boy scouts . i learned how to fish in boy scouts . best years of my life .
that is horrible . why would you do that .
where about do you live ?
i live in a cabin by the lake . love taking the boat out !
i just got back from a day of mountain climbing, but I wish I could conquer my fear of driving and explore more adventurous activities like mountain climbing.
it really is , and it is great for practicing focus
i love the library ! i take my kids all the time
thanks ! what type of library do you work at ?
do you have a special section you work in
you must get to talk to people at lot ! that would be great !
that sounds nice , at the spca ?
do you have a family
hello ! i was just watching the ufc fights love connor mcgregor !
yeah . i am thinking about taking a trip because i love to travel, but if I could choose any job, I would love to be a race car driver.
beautiful area . i have been working in a factory for years and want to quit
yes chasing your dream is good advice
sound of music ? good movie
when i am driving my car i love listening to country music
yeah makes you wanna drive fast sometimes
hi jill ! i am tom , nothing much . what about you ?
cool ! its pretty miserable here . rain , rain and more rain !
yeah , its all good otherwise ! so what are your hobbies ?
cool ! i love the beach too , i go running there quite often .
yes , every morning ! i try and eat healthy but if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to enjoy vegetables more.
haha , i do enjoy fruit though !
hey there gerald . i am leo . hows your day going ?
damn that sounds awful . how long have you worked there ?
ah well whats done is done . are you good at basketball then ?
wow , impressive . nah , i am almost seven foot but i actually suck at basketball .
computers and music, if I were not working for IBM, I would pursue a career in music.
really ? damn i am a fan of rock myself . who your favorite band ?
sick name . i am more into classic rock . the stones are my favorite .
i am good how are you ? i like things like halo , reading , and working out. I wish I could spend more time reading in the park.
no i do not , my favorite color is yellow , do you have a favorite color ?
you have a bmw ? do you like to drive
that would be great ! do you like to workout ?
awesome we should go sometime . do you like video games ?
what really ? we should do that sometime .
it is . i will mark it on my calendar . i cannot wait !
haha the best things in life are free !
not much . how was your weekend ? i went to some antique stores .
i hang out with my cat to clear my mind, but I wish I could travel the world and collect figurines from different countries.
his name is tony . do you have pets ?
really that is great ! i only have one but i collect cat figures too .
not really i just started collecting ugly cats i see in antique stores .
i am a scientist . how about you ?
that sounds cool . i was always terrible at spanish .
pretty tired , but ok . how are you ?
rolltribe ! ! i am a big indians fan !
i was raised in a baseball house . converted my husband to a baseball fan !
very nice . how long have you been married ?
that is awesome . i have been married for 8 . we got married young too . Sometimes I wish I could drive myself around for some independence.
that is exactly my thought . i am 32 , but i am happy knowing i have my soulmate .
pretty good . bummed that game of thrones season is over though
but you do not watch it ?
you said you know a lot of people are . if you were a fan you would have said
yuck . i just ate a nice meal . my ex had to smoke after every meal
i actually like eggplant too . my friends husband make an amazing persian meal with eggplant
it happens to everyone . do not worry i wo not judge
pasta or rice is best in my opinion
i am so happy , i got my bank statement today
i like elevator music a lot
i coupon for a living, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new places.
do you want to come over and organize my stockpile ? ?
oh , you could just watch i guess
yeah what would you want to listen to
i guess we could listen to that
yes ! i would love too ! i am so sad summer is ending if only I could live in a place with endless summers like California.
me too ! my day is june 10th
sorry to hear ! now what ?
www man , i still stay at the crib with my old folks lol
how old are you ll
that is awesome
i spend many hours in computer
i wish i could do better like learning another language
my lifestyle is boring right now
i am to learn new cultures . i am a male
wow , i wanna go thre really
i do eat all that i could see around
california is home for me , and never been to anyplace yet
not bad . . . life is hectic though . 2nd year of med school !
pediatrician is the most likely route, but if I could go back in time, I'd choose a different career path.
yeah , and i am thinking about my own kids also . i have 2
it will happen when the time is right and with the right person
just be yourself . . . and remember the grass is always greener . . . i am just divorced . ha
well , we are all kinda weird . . . some more than others . lol
that is a difficulty for everyone though . best to just be yourself , then you will actually click ya know ?
i am from detroit . what about you ?
i am good and you ?
it is a little bit cold here as well
yes i do an older brother
it is nice to have someone to talk to
my eyes are brown . do you have any tattoos ?
i have a couple, I wish I could drive, but I make do with public transport.
well , i am in love with burritos lol and i love to hike and be outside
that is delicious as well . what about binge watching netflix ? haha
what about your family ? you have a good relationship with them ?
that is cool . only child not good with my dad but my mom and i are close
yea dads blow . lol they just suck at parenting
yea that is true . i mean they do what they can, but if I could change one thing about my relationship with my father, I wish we could bond over hiking together.
probably australia . i think that country is beautiful.
i am fine . what happened to your cats ?
oh okay , what do you do for a living ?
i am a plumber , disgusting but lucrative. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in teaching instead of plumbing.
oh you poor thing . maybe someone can teach you
is there anything that you can do ?
lol well ok . i speak fluently in four languages and help the boy scouts
it is a real joy , teaching the young ones
it is never too late to learn
that is awesome ! ! do you like to boat ? i make boats on the weekends .
me too ! fishing is the best . what else do you do ?
that is cool . i take my dog , bob , on runs , but i am not really an athlete, if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to overcome my fear of public speaking.
do they taste sweet ?
i have always wondered what kids would taste like . have you ?
what kids of fish ?
hey , is it ok if i can bring my best from visiting from tanzania ? If I could bring one thing from Tanzania, it would be the traditional Tanzanian coffee my friend always talks about.
my face has freckles , and will be wearing white flip flops ,
ok i will see you there . i will also bring my famous baked brownies too .
i cannot wait to see you there .
lol what else would i bring
oh i laugh a lot and i love to laugh ! ! ahahah
i used to . now my workout is teaching kids .
i like the new colorful trends in running clothes
i have never been . sounds nice though
i improve old clothes as a side job, but if I could, I would love to design my own clothing line with exotic prints.
i must be challenging to save money in nyc
save money ? yes . making new clothing is fun though
you should be . those things are always difficult .
purses out of anything i can find with an exotic print
please do not ! god will help you always !
that is awful , go outside and exercise to distress , i do it several times a day .
then watch some movies with her , i love movies .
i hear you , just received the new petite catalogue from free people , so expensive !
you need to trust the almighty , he will always protect you .
you can do it ! just go with the wind . . . I wish I had the courage to start my own fitness business.
that is awesome . congratulations ! my son loves youtube . i like watching beauty vloggers .
i need to watch you . i miss feeling pretty since becoming a mom and gaining weight, if only I had the time and energy to focus on my fitness and health goals.
i miss feeling pretty and desired . i have been stuffing my feelings with food .
i want to watch your channel and up my beauty game . my kids wear me out !
i like to bake and eat way too much , lol . what about yourself ?
so you no longer have a day job ? awesome ! do you do only beauty tips ?
i have really been wanting to feel pretty again . sounds like i met the right person !
i have been pretty down and mostly focusing on my kids . i need to exercise and diet .
i just got a new job selling cars !
my wife does that she used to be a teacher but the pay sucked .
well then you would be good at publishing . i paint pictures for fun .
sounds good i will bring the pizza ; its my favorite food .
If I had pursued my passion for teaching, I might have found fulfillment in a different career path.
its on my to do list for sure . i want to see the dinosaurs .
hi how are you ?
good what are your hobbies
sleep is always good do you play sports ?
cool ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a roofer not as exciting, but if I could go back in time, I would focus on pursuing a career in music instead of roofing.
no i am still single you ?
that sounds nice
hey that is good i do yoga its a love of mine .
i love my grey yoga pants ha ! you single ? i am
cool , i like to write i work at a newspaper, but if I weren't a writer, I would have pursued a career in yoga instruction.
that is cool i am passionate about writing .
an of course my yoga ha !
what are yours ? if any ?
yes it is must come with me
gotta get out an mingle its so fun .
coupons are awesome . how are you ?
you should coupon with me . saves a ton of money !
are you need ? i usually donate my overstock to charity
you sound like a cool friend . we should shop together sometime ! !
so what else are you into ?
what did you dress as ?
dope . i wish they had a coupon for comicon ?
what a shame . i would go as coupon man ! ! ! ! !
no . my dogs are sick
i think they got in the trash
no , just cooking food all day. I wish I could bake pastries with my sisters instead of cooking alone.
i want to work with you
dang . i am really jealous . do you want to go run with me ?
everyday . my red hair flowing in the wind
yeah but you have plenty of maple to bake with
i do not know . whatever i want . maybe chicken.
pretty good thanks and you ?
do you do any drugs ?
oh i love marijuana very much
now i do it like a nerd
i listen to music do you, I wish I could quit my job and pursue a career in music production instead.
rap is totally my favorite y o
how long have you been married ?
impressive where do you work
oh . . . . why live a lie ?
that is very sad . do you have children
are you a lazy person
i live in a sweet basement apartment . . . with my mom
with kind of money i could buy so many table top games , my favorite
i have asthma and have to use an inhaler , mainly around girls, but I wish I had the courage to tell my crush how I feel.
dungeon and dragons mainly , you have not bought anything yet.
good ! how are you today ?
is the storm irma ? oh no !
wow . i would rather be hiking on glaciers than be in that right now !
oh dang . yeah i am always losing my mind , so i would be worried about that !
that is not good ! i am sorry to hear that ! If only I could attend a Marduk concert instead of dealing with this storm!"
i moved to sweden , so we do not get hurricanes
it is ! very hilly and green !
i am doing pretty well . just got off work . you ?
i am an army ranger and spend most of my time deployed .
no sorry . i thought i had typed that . p
clients ? what do you do ?
oh . very nice . if my wife or 2 kids get one i will let you know .
yeah . she is still kicking .
i do not talk to him much . last i checked he was still a bum . I secretly wish for a quiet life with my family away from deployments.
greeting sir how are you today ? ? have you ever read harry potter
that is amazing i read 47 books last year i love books, but I wish I could join a singing group like the Backstreet Boys.
backstreet boys are awesome not as cool as the walkin dead on hd
i also enjoy game of thrones its getting pretty wild
i am a vegetarian but i love tablets
wow this is taking longer than reading all night
your old enough for game of thrones
hey , i am exceptionally smart , so this will be a breeze !
yea , besides , i almost never sleep , like 3 hours max every night .
i have no life . i do not have any brothers and sisters , or parents, I wish I had siblings to share moments with.
thanks ! i also need lots of coffee , even with my steak .
really ? you funny ! only time i pass on coffee is when i travel by myself .
can i go back to not being exceptionally smart now ?
maybe i should go have some more steak . this is making me hungry .
i need a beer . this is taking awfully long for a smart person like myself .
hey man yeah want to go dancing after i love it
ok i work at the coffee shop
i drive a red prius want me to pick you up instead i love red, if only I had learned how to swim when I was younger.
oh do tell i love stories
wow that is crazy i would love to hear
yes i will love it
great its settled then yes ?
i am very well . how are you ?
i am just focused on saving . i want to buy a car . it will be my first !
anything reliable . i need to get to my job at mcdonalds so i can save more money !
that would be funny ! how old are you ? i am 18
i plan to take a year off and work before starting up college . If I could go back in time, I would have started college earlier.
i think it is important to know what you want to do before paying all that money .
i think i will go to community college to be a respiratory therapist !
what can you be with that degree ?
hello , i am doing wonderful , how are you ?
i work from home , my husband is a detective .
it is only a job . what is your favorite song ?
jason who ? i love tupac , california love is mine .
gotcha . what do you do for a living ?
i do , i am a fashion designer .
if I could, I would drive a black car just like yours.
i love music and have recently joined a jazz band , playing the saxophone .
it is hard to find the right people for a band , but well worth it .
i always wanted to play the piano , but became obsessed with karate, if I could go back, I would choose to pursue a career in music instead of karate.
it is a challenge , but i am proud of accomplishing a black belt .
i am in between . i eat a little meat . my favorite indulgence is iced coffee .
i was not into coffee until i was on vacation in lake michigan . i became hooked .
i also like all of those . i have to include iced tea as well .
you must be from the south . southerners love sweet tea .
i am great , thank you for asking ! and you ?
i like to talk on the phone instead of read .
my friends we go gambling often i have a bit of a problem.I wish I could overcome my gambling addiction and focus on healthier habits like hiking.
sometimes , yes ! i am just addicted . do you have any addictions ?
oh ! what do you do in your free time ?
cool ! i like to hike !
i do ! do you like to hike at all ?
i am great ! i just came back from a walk with my 3 dogs .
i really do not like to exercise but i have to because of my health .
i do not really know . i occasionally like to ride my bicycle .
maybe we can ride sometime . i am a drummer in a rock band, but if I could, I would love to perform at a music festival someday.
i sing but i am not very good . i am a much better drummer .
i will let you know the next time i am playing out .
what is a blood moon ?
i am really great . i just joined a new soccer team
that sounds like it is rewarding
i guess you meet all kinds
good for you . i enjoy playing soccer too
it is fantastic . 42 is my lucky number, but if I could choose a different number, it would be 23.
do you fix up vintage clothes ?
i do not care about clothes , but i like nike shoes
yeah , they make the best cleats.
i am good . just listening to gospel music . you ?
we were playing basketball when it went out . scary but i wish I could go back to playing basketball like we used to.
we are the same age . i love my kids but not ready to be a grandmother .
well you can talk to me . i do not talk much so i am a great listener !
that sounds like a good plan to me . start tomorrow morning ?
would you be interested in going to a gospel singing some time ?
i am well ! i just got home from visiting my grandkids .
they live close , but i do not drive so it takes a while on the bus .
that is interesting ! i watch a little kid who lives next door and am retired, but if I could afford it, I would love to travel the world.
so you are following with the family business ! any hobbies ?
i bet that is a relief for her ! i have struggled a bit financially since i retired
things are so expensive these days . no vacations here for years !
oh well , what can you do ! is it still warm where you are ?
it is still warm here too , i hate the winter so i am glad.
hello , how are you ?
getting ready for work . i work for a zoo as a keeper , what do you do ?
a housewife ? that is a cool job . any kids ? the pandas i work with are like mine lol
i imagine haha . what do you like to do in your spare time ? i read crime dramas . I wish I could travel to China to see pandas in their natural habitat.
i got into the habit in the hospital . had two toes amputated in an accident .
nah , i was unconscious . i was making breakfast , 6 eggs like always and slipped .
i work as a server at a glitzy Houston club . i jog when i have time .
ok , i donate plasma in my sister's honor who passed last year, but if only I could bring back my sister, she would love to see me get married in Australia.
thank you . i hope to one day move to the Aussie land and marry my fianc .
i love puppies . i hope things start looking up for you .
yes , maybe I will get the chance next year .
i hope you find a job . my prayers are with you .
no not at all . you have every right to be angry .
it is going well . just worked on my car . yours ?
my dad was always big into charity , he used to be a preacher .
i have been saving money for a new car . mine is 24 years old .
yeah , i have been saving for a new once since i dropped out of college .
probably something out of fast and the furious . you like movies ?
have you seen the last of the mohicans ? that one is my favorite .
my mother used to watch it with me when i was younger . I wish I had pursued a career in music like my mother.
hi my hair is red
i live near the beach so i spend a lot of time there. If I weren't vegan, I would love to try the local seafood.
i do what do you watch
i watch whatever is on
i like to walk along the coast
a little but i need more practice
do you go to the beach a lot
i have a great job making well over 200k a year , programming computers
in my spare time i give back to charities, but if I had the chance, I would adopt more rescue dogs to give them a loving home.
i was one of the original founders of Facebook
i usually take my pitt bulls to work with me
their names are oingo and boingo
that is awesome are they male or female
do you breed them for money
my dogs cost 1000 a piece , how much did you pay for yours
great just thinking about getting some chicken nuggets . you ?
i work overnight in a hotel so maybe i can get them on break, but I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of working at a hotel.
san antonio , how about you ?
do you have any pets ? i have 3 dogs 3 cats . i love them so much
what music do you like ? a fine frenzy is my favorite group !
haha you cannot be that bad ! ! any hobbies ?
i love to eat chicken nuggets . very very much . is that a hobby lol
i am good . . . married , 3 kids , love classical music golfing , promoted in law firm . you ?
well , i can tell you lots about me . i love my job . do you work ?
oh , i love the beach , too . love golfing with beach view . do you golf ?
i want to work in costa rica monkeys live here . . . where i can raise my kids and golf
do you like classical music . . . i love it .
my favorite classical is edvard grieg peer gyne suite no . 1 , op . 46 morning mood
i like art too . so are you learning enough about a stranger ?
hi ! yes it is . my favorite show was on tv today .
of course there are ! i enjoy cooking for my family, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to travel the world.
do you come from a big family ? do you have siblings ?
i enjoy taking care of my children .
i have four children .
it helps to stay organized .
i agree . i like staying home to take care of them .
order is important . both in the kitchen and keeping the kids in order .
hi there ! getting ready to watch some tennis on the tube ! you ?
congrats ! i am ready to start my new business ! got new car bills to pay .
chevy camaro , love ! hate sickness !
love sports , hanging with fam friends ! hate bad weather ! If I had more time, I would start my own sports business.
work first , then fun will come your way ! 30 , you about 18 ?
well i must go , my tennis is about to start !
thanks ! have a great one !
i am tired . i have to walk home 3 miles from my fast food job every day .
i am out of school now . how about you ? do you have hobbies ?
wow that is awesome ! i am into krav maga . trying to find classes near me .
it sounds interesting . do you have a favorite color ? I wish I could live near a mountain for a change of scenery.
i love purple . i try to wear it every day . where do you live ?
i live in Florida near the beach !
i never tried it . i am not very coordinated .
i am a plumber so i go in peoples houses every day . how about you ?
very cool . i volunteer with the boy scouts , do you volunteer ?
shelters cool , what is your favorite animal ?
wow , where do you do that ?
must be freezing but beautiful .
twin , how unique . do you have a big family ?
i have two boys and had five siblings growing up , it is really fun
yum , who does not like candy ? what is your favorite food ? if I could, I would travel the world to practice and perfect my celebrity impressions.
i am great . you ? watching some tv .
oh that sounds good . do you like to bake ?
i love playing the piano . I wish I had longer hair to style differently every day.
i think i am pretty good .
i work at a restaurant , you ? are you in a relationship ?
oh . i am dating a guy in the army .
me too ! my dad passed away .
it has been almost four years .
doing great setting here with my dog she is awesome
i thought about getting engaged after college but i went to grad school instead, I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of business.
business i need a job my parents are still paying my rent
what do you like to eat ? i am vegetarian
i must admit i cheat some and eat fish sushi you know bait
i spend all my money on shopping concerts are out of budget
awesome well got to go walk the love of my life my dog
raining here unfortunately under an umbrella for me
hi how are you today
and what were you writing ?
did you use a pen to write it ?
you should not harm your precious pens
true do you like food
i do but i need to eat a diet
I wish I could play hockey professionally.
i always have them i hate sugar
what are these magical carbs ?
phew . i just got done exercising .
very cool . i try to eat healthy while going to college .
being a social gal , i do not find it hard .
aw , that is sad . are you a part of a church ? that is a good start .
i cannot wait to go to bed . i am beat from playing football .
powderpuff for the win dude
expect oh patron um ! really now ?
I wish I could join a dance class as well.
not yet
its one of the games i have not touched yet
it does have strikingly close similarities to him .
i have never really played the destiny series is it fun ?
is it cross platform ? i have pss
i work for ibm but not much of a programmer, but if I were to start a band, it would be a tribute band for the Rolling Stones.
i am wonderful how are you
i love to go camping in my camper with my pink car
awesome i love my cat leela
you can do anything you put your mind to, if I could travel the world, I would love to explore different makeup trends globally.
i am also obsessed with makeup
i make tons of videos on how to put on makeup
i am ! i just auditioned for a new cooking show there . what are you doing here ?
do a lot of New Yorkers have dogs ? i would be in Jackson Hole for that , man !
i have not had time for friends since I started learning to cook . what are they like ?
i think friends are overrated , then . I can cook those rats pretty well , though !
copper . like the best cookware . what is yours ?
me neither , but I hope that if I can get on a cooking show , I will . If I could cook anywhere in the world, I would choose Italy.
how did you two meet ?
hey can be fun . so you are interested in your friend romantically ?
i do agree . ever notice in scary movies how the bad guy always gets killed ?
you have never been on a date ? how old are you ?
can you answer my question on how old you are ?
yeah i do but do you actually care about my answers ? I wish I could own a black cat despite my allergy.
and so you believe that its okay to be rude and dominate a conversation .
yea i am a big scary movie buff and i noticed that in all the movies
i am good . you ? my name is greg .
i like those . i spent today making myself a new shirt . i make my clothes .
i actually have in the past .
mine too actually . i like the contest .
i am forty . i still like them .
good luck and i hope you win .
if I could play any instrument, it would be the saxophone.
yes ! i love to dance to it . i am pretty amazing at it
the only thing is that i cant do country music . it makes me cringe, but if I could overcome my fear of country music, I would love to attend music festivals.
no , my blonde hair that is down to my knees would get in the way
it is is not it ? you like animals ?
you should come volunteer at the animal shelter with me one time !
you will have to mind my spelling . it is terrible
so what else do you enjoy to do ?
another problematic situation for my hair . maybe i should cut it
yes i love baby back ribs
it should have been blue , that is my favorite color
awesome ! ! ! so jane what do yo do for a living ?
nice . i play sports professionally
nice . i play sports professionally
nice . i play sports professionally
i hate my job though . yeah kid rock is ok
haha better put them in the wash
i often use music while teaching my kindergarten class .
yes but have not seen many until recently since i just graduated in 2016 .
do you enjoy water sports like kayaking or canoeing ?
if you saw me play tennis you would laugh a lot .
that is a good idea . staying in shape is important .
i enjoy reading and crocheting for charity . If I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new places.
both are relaxing to me and after a day with 26 kids, I need that.
i love to write because it is my favorite job .
sorry , i hate to talk about my parents , i do not like them, but i wish I could find solace in my family like you do.
in my spare time , i like to write about parents relationships
i live in usa . and wow you are a multi cultural family
me too , i just like to be in the cool water and the sun still shinning .
when i write , i find myself it this cruel world
yes , when its hot and the water is warm
hello my cat just broke down . its junky and old .
haha my car . my cat is fine .
i am fixing an old plane to fly .
i love biology . they help a lot of people .
i love that book . i have it in vinyl record . they are my fave .
punk is great . love the sex pistols .
punk music makes a statement . its changed the world .
i wish they would call out the colical strife more .
i am good . i am excited to go fishing tomorrow !
in this one river by my house . sometime i get on an intertube an float instead .
how is the storm ? i would have stocked up on lots of ice cream !
with the storm i do not blame you . is it raining now ?
if i saw a vampire i would run so fast !
why ? that does not make any sense .
great ! from Georgia so hoping these hurricanes do not affect us .
me too ! so tell me about you . . . any hobbies ?
what kind ? i am an avid reader mostly sci-fi and horror, but if I had more free time, I would love to write my own sci-fi novel.
i like them too . you like football ?
yeah that would be hard . i have a fantasy football league in my spare time .
i love steak , and like the down home cooking . . fried chicken etc . you ?
i can say i am the same . . mostly cola . any specific kind you prefer ?
i am doing well thank you . how are you ?
i have my own cleaning company . where do you work ?
i love to cook
if my husband lets me get a second job . I wish I could pursue a career in writing like Nicholas Sparks.
do you have any hobbies ?
i read a lot . my favorite author is nicholas sparks
yes ! is not it great ? the notebook made me cry
well , once i have heard something with a name for so long , i cant see anything else
well , i finalized my divorce yesterday . so i am super excited .
very much , are you a dog person ? or cat person
if you could have any ?
oh that sounds like fun , i am a major dog person
i have a little sh zu with a full snout
they are those super small long hair dogs , people groom them like crazy
oh , i wish i could go dancing , i am currently writing a ebook
how awesome ! have you got everything done ?
i am from california and park weddings are gorgeous here .
yes . our wedding was low key , as well . we even had our dog present .
that sounds like fun . i have never been to niagra falls, if only I could take a break from work and travel to see the world.
be sure to stop into target and pick up some raincoats .
wonderful idea ! take plenty of dog treats . i buy mine a new biscuit everyday .
he has never turned one down . have you seen any new movies lately ?
i try to go at least once a month .
i currently live in louisiana and i am a hindu, but if I could travel back in time, I'd choose a different career path.
no i currently am just studying in my second year of medical school .
i live with my two children but am a divorced single mom .
i love eating my mom's baked goods . she is definitely the best baker in the family .
no unfortunately i do not
thank you ! they are lovely kids .
one day when they are older .
yeah i think we all do !
good ! just got back from deer hunting and now i am watching football .
i am a typical american ! i love eating meat , country music , trucks and football .
where did you move from ?
I wish I could visit France to experience the art and culture.
hunting and football takes up most of my time .
we sure do ! i hunt deer and i fish .
oooh . i prefer sour diesel myself .
i like willie nelson and chris stapleton .
doing well , just got home . you ?
what do you do for a living ?
that sounds rather boring . do you like it ?
hobbies are always a good idea .
i have never been scared by a book . i would rather watch movies .
have not gotten to that one yet . i stay pretty busy . I wish I had more time to explore my passion for Viking history like my brother.
interesting . i like cheese . specifically on hot dogs . i should come to ny
do you have any kids ? i already have my first grand baby .
they would be better if they had dragons on them . dragons make all better .
chili corn dogs are good have you had one ?
no , you are wrong . dragons are best critter . better than elvis .
doubtful . he should come knock on my door i am up all night , any time is good
bruce ? haha . do you also like green ?
what is this taters precious ?
i am good , playing some video games right now
how are you ?
i prefer designing the games but playing them is a good way to gain inspiration !
are you looking for anything in particular ?
yeah ! i have been trying to create a startup for a new game
mmorpgs mainly, if only my son showed interest in game design like me.
well did you ever ask them ?
cats can be cute , again did you ask them if they wanted to ?
well you cannot always teach likes . did you see if they wanted to do a different activity ?
i do not have kids so I do not know , sorry. If I could have children, I would love to teach them about jazz and take them to jazz concerts.
i think all parents feel that way at one point .
no . . . not unless you count my dolls.
i am just studying , last year of college .
i am going to be a teacher .
mine too but because i learned english late .
swedish , my family moved here when i was 5
can be cold , but beautiful .
i visit often enough , my brother is in a band and travels, but I wish I could join my brother on his band's world tour.
they are a heavy metal band .
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
pretty good , jammin out to some pretenders music ? you heard of them ?
me too , they are this funky band from the 80s . they go great with some spicy tex mex food !
its an awesome planet i teach my kindergartners about it all the time
not at this time just a dog named tiki , you ?
wow ! that is a cool hobby , what belt are you ?
chillin to van halen . wearing my purple jump suit . what you up to ?
no kidding ! i am boning up on anatomy . trying to get into med school .
no ! only 23 years old , got a long haul of schooling ahead of me . you ?
what is it like being married ?
you are a little strange , but good strange . i love dungeons and dragons .
it sucks me in and takes me away from my studying , which is bad . If I could choose one superpower, it would be to time travel.
just rock and roll , the color purple not the book ! lol and working toward being rich .
how close are you to finishing it ?
hello ! i love baking , not pies but nevertheless i bake for my family !
hobbies ? ; got two kids , i am a stay at home mom . playing with our two dogs .
my husband is the sole provider , and i am 30 years old . how old are you ?
what are your favorite dishes to bake and places to visit ? i have not travelled lately .
i wish you an early happy birthday ! mmm . . i like istanbul , and soft shell crab
awesome would you like my soft shelled crab recipe ?
season with salt pepper lemon and butter ; grill each side 5m , serve on roll
doodling is one my skills , as long as it is green
like famous people ? comedians are a good choice
i would hope so being a comedian lol, I wish I had the courage to try stand-up comedy like my favorite comedians.
never said i was a comedian , new subject what music you into ?
i prefer drinks with a bit more kick
got to admit , have never tried that combo
ok that is on my bucket list . . my dad would approve ti think.
hi there , i mainly like food from food trucks i go to at concerts
cool ! i had great mexican at a techno music fest one time . techno all the way !
oh no ! i only listen to techno . got a whole wardrobe full of techno band tees, and I wish I could attend a techno music festival with you.
you should . what else do you enjoy ?
i build drones for a living , and a lot of people use those in hunting !
you should ! do you like anime ?
no ! but i would love to !
no , not really . how about you ?
pretty good . leaving the hospital .
i am fine . i am actually a doctor and my wife is also a nurse .
we met after a baseball game . i enjoy playing in local games .
cool ! sometimes i take my two kids up into the mountains for hikes, but if I didn't have kids, I would love to travel the world as a baseball player.
cool ! i think the mountains are my favorite place to be .
no , i do not have any pets .
i work with cardiology at our hospital .
yes , i am pretty lucky to get to work with her .
woo hoo ! i am retired ! if I hadn't retired, I would have loved to travel more with my grandchildren. What do you and your brothers do ?
do you have a large family ? i have got grandkids even . eight !
are they married ? do you have nieces and nephews ?
what kind of stuff do you make at the factory ?
do you live in detroit ?
i am in minnesota . lexus , is that toyota ?
my girlfriend left me after I lost my job and went on welfare, if I hadn't lost my job, I wouldn't be in this situation.
you should try running. It's my favorite hobby now
sometimes... I think about running into traffic because of being on welfare
you ever listen to Creed? They are great to listen to while running
I do. Especially cows. They make the best steaks
cats are nice, maybe I will get one with all the free time I have
can't make any promises. I never thought I would be on welfare.
i just got on a team i am number 42 the goalie
the nike cleats are my fav
oh really lol ? where at chad ? I wish I could play hockey with you in New England.
no the nike kind are lol
i like to play soccer , hbu in new england ?
cool , what college do you attend ?
i thought you lived in new england ?
oh so you in high school gotcha
hey ! its going pretty good , just a normal , mundane day . how about you ?
awesome ! have you heard of that new strawberry vodka that was released recently ?
I have been thinking of trying it , but I have never drank . have you ever drank before ?
I usually play with my dog and browse the internet . its a good life ! haha .
cats , gotta love em . any animal , really . I am fascinated by them . p
somewhat , yeah . relaxing at home and watching a tv show . sounds fun , huh ? I wish I could join a choir and sing in public, not just in the shower.
sure does ! although work ain't so bad , my co-workers are pretty nice people .
no worries ! see you soon .
i am doing ok how are you ?
that is great hope you get one i have my masters degree
no i teach at a catholic private school
i watch bones and criminal minds . i have ocd so i have to binge watch them
that is great ! i had friends but they call me a crazy hypochondriac so i watch alone. I wish I could relax and let go of control more easily.
i teach math and science at the elementary level
i am sorry maybe you can find a cheap place to teach you.
hi i am joe . i am 20 years old
i am not a big sports fan , but i do love cooking
i love to make homemade pasta , aglio e olio is my favorite
i read fictions on free time and currently working at a hospital . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of medicine.
nah , i am in school , a community college . hoping to make something in medical care
wow that is great . hopefully i can get into some medical school some place .
i am from the united states
i am well , sugar . how are you ?
i am good , though i really should not be on the computer since my nails are drying, but if I weren't allergic to cats, I would have adopted a few by now.
yes ! you can find great deals on pageant dresses . what do you get online ?
what is your family like ?
my husband and i eat out . he is pretty busy as an attorney for nike .
other contestants I have met who have gone vegan look fabulous ! go for it .
no , thank you ! it was a real pleasure !
yeah i am doing ok i guess , you ?
that is cool i guess , i have been up all night playing my x box .
cool , i play them like all day , everyday .
nah i live at home with my mom and dad . they are boring .
oh i play with them over the internet on the x box .
pfft sounds like my mom , get a job , go to collage . lame !
play video games for money, like on YouTube or something. I wish I had the opportunity to travel the world and experience different cultures.
yeah if you're cool and people watch your video.
i am alright . i am carl . how are you ?
good . i am not a big fan of this world we live in .
i do like reptiles , and my wavy locks . what do you like ?
sounds fun . i like drinks too . i wish i was a knight .
a medieval knight , or maybe a space adventurer .
i could try really hard . i do not try hard in school though .
you should go easy on yourself . you seem nice .
people say i look like a girl sometimes . i do not like that .
wow sounds good i just got home from my bookstore job
i work 4 days a week to help out my mom she is a nurse
my dad was a doctor i heard but i never knew him
hats really cool i want my dad to teach me how to drive one day
i know i would not have got my 3 tattoos if he was here to stop me
so what else are you into ?
i bet you are very good
you have a lot of medals ?
topic good and you
oh oh , naughty tonight ? call superman for help
i like robots , but chocolate chip cookies are my kryptonite
cool i hear that is a great place to work
i have been trying to find new mats for my toyota on amazon, if I had the chance, I would drive a Toyota like you.
that would be awesome . my rides are only toyotas , so has to fit
are real tree hugger are you ? me too
wonderful ! how are you doing today ?
i enjoy playing piano ! i hope to be able to teach music after retirement, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of financial business.
i am currently in financial business . would rather teach music haha !
not at all , but my son loves it !
wow ! i am more of a football gal myself .
japanese food is my all time favorite . and you ?
good . what kind of dog do you have ?
i bet she does . are you a professional at it ?
cool . i am on the track team at my high school and win some too .
if professional eater counts, if I could choose, I would rather be a competitive eater than a runner. need lots of protein to grow tall and strong .
i was kidding . i do love beef though , not so much vegetables . what is yours ?
we can get some pizza . race you there , i bet i win .
on your mark , get set , go !
you better believe it . load up that pizza with all kinds of meat . power pizza .
hi , yes i want to go for ride
great , i have two brothers and I am the elder, but if I could change one thing about my hair, it would be to try a bold, new color like purple.
ohh , what are your hobbies ?
m working in a stationary shop , what is your profession
i live in ca , where are you from ?
great , i have two girlfriends , what about you ?
what is your favorite dish ?
ohh , what is your favorite tourist spot in the USA
i paint here and there enough to pay the bills, but if I hadn't pursued painting, I might have become a professional coffee taster.
i would love to move to nyc and be a museum curator so working towards that .
i have only been there once but the energy was amazing . very inspiring for painting .
that is so cool . my favorite band the beastie boys are from nyc .
yes but dropped out of college to paint .
good . it gives me a decent income . does dancing pay well ?
besides dancing what do you like to do ?
nice i love reading too . working out not so much lol
thirsty ! drinking some tea right now , how about you ?
i love stars ! i go there all the time .
i usually get a vanilla frappe .
yes ! i have one cat .
mine is an all white named bill haha !
i take bill with me for my first graders to help take care of .
well of course they do ! I wish I could bring my high school sweetheart shopping with me.
hungry and mad at my cat, I wish I had a different name for my cat, something more unique like Phoenix.
matter clawed up my lightning mcqueen slippers
only a year or two i learned how to make pizza today grammy taught me how
its cooking , grandpap is taking us for ice cream too
orange sherbbeert its orange like my basketball . what are you doing ?
ow ! matter just ran up my leg . and i am smiling .
yea , i like to keep things interesting .
hey , greg . they call me jerry , and i am a race car driver . I would like to try skydiving someday.
well , hot damn ! that sounds like a good time . do you play ?
football is cool , but sky diving is where it is at . ever tried it ?
i go all the time . how do you keep the lights on ? what do you do ?
good honest work . my dad was a construction worker . you got family ?
oh , i can not drink beer anymore . brings out the devil in me . how about tequila ?
you play ball in high school ?
good ! i just have been chatting with my friends .
awe , do you have any kids ? i love being around kids and dogs .
i enjoy shopping and take my daughter with me all the time .
you will be fine . it will go by fast . do you cook ?
i cook a lot because i am a huge foodie, but if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
i need to bake more . i just have been making Chinese food .
i was not much of a foodie when i was pregnant , but i am now .
yeah ! egg rolls and fried rice too !
been there , done that . i am a foot doctor in colorado who enjoys the mountains, but I wish I could spend more time hiking in the mountains with my family.
luckily journalism is not math intensive , haha . i understand , my 2 kids are better at math than i
my wife is better at math than i am . she helps kids out
that is a unique name !
my wife named our dog , doggie md . she is a nurse , she thinks that is funny .
we med in med school . i guess it is kind of funny .
do you play sports at all ? i try to play baseball on weekends .
hello umi ! i consider myself a social butterfly, but I wish I had more free time to explore different dance styles.
i go to college at the moment
exercising and swimming are my passion
good luck ! ! being that i like to eat big meals exercise is a must
yeah i know but i do love to eat
you are very lucky i hope you know that
you are welcome it rained here all day
my daughter liked her too
hey how are you ?
it is my favorite season for the games !
do you have a favorite team or pets ?
sounds fun , do you like star wars ?
yes i do , i have a iguana
if I could, I'd love to have a lightsaber and fight like a Jedi, that would be amazing!
the movie is better then the shows by far
not really , i like silence a lot , and video games.
hi , i am steven . i am from algeria !
very nice . what languages do you speak ?
mine are english , french and arabic !
no , i am cool with what i have . you ?
yes good food ! i am also a barista !
i am a coffee fanatic , yes !
probably the one shot espresso cause its so easy ! if I could choose any other instrument to play, it would be the saxophone.
hi i am good and you ?
ink really tell me about yours
what color is your hair ?
cool mine is bright pink
i do not really do you
I wish I could have a pool for sword fighting tournaments with strangers instead of swimming.
hi ! i am really good today . how about you ?
what are you making for dinner ? i just made meatballs .
sounds good . i am just sitting here with my dog . i love animals .
i also have a turtle name george . do you have pets ?
i understand . pets need lots of attention . do you like music ?
i like korn my favorite band . I wish I could swim with dolphins in the ocean.
lol . i listen every day .
i am a manager at taco bell . it does not pay well though .
tired from my low carb diet . . . trying to be a male model in hollywood .
yeah just had a private lunch with will ferrell he loves male models, but if I could, I would love to attend a jazz concert with Will Ferrell.
kind of i did burn all my friends in a horrific gasoline accident .
yeah silly , we listen to classical jazz though while dancing , i am a huge fan of it .
ahahah i did that once but it fell apart
yeah you are a smart man lets go to a party
ok but i do not have a lot of luck with friends in my car . .
ugh not good . i hate cleaning ! my husband and children are so messy
i just wanna quit my life be a professional eater and not get fat, but if I could choose, I would live in a house made of lollipops and rainbows.
i would choose lollipops and cheetos
i hear you . i ran grom aliens once . great exercise
no i do not . what kinds of dogs do you have
i love yorkies . ever been to new york ? that is where i am from
definitely get some cheesecake and pizza when you do
i am well . are you a librarian or a student ?
what are you going to do tomorrow ?
awesome . i m going to pick up my new puppy, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to heal instantly.
italian is delicious if done right
bull terrier . i am play the violin in the symphony
not when you start at the age of 4 like i did
i m only 12 ! just kidding . i m 32 .
close but now quite . . . add a few years
i am good , and how are you ?
i enjoy drawing and i like to decorate the apartment that i live in .
i have not done that , because i am young and my mom is a busy teacher .
sure , that would be nice . i have 3 siblings, but if I had more siblings, I might have discovered my love for cooking earlier.
i see . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .
so , you are a fisherman ?
awesome , i love to cook all types of fish .
doing ok , glad to hear your doing well .
what do you do work ?
that is really awesome , glad to hear , pays well
cool , so much to learn and looked at in a very nice way , held high up
I need to use an inhaler sometimes, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live independently and have my own place to decorate as I please.
great , what is your favorite movie ?
i have just been enjoying the outdoors before it gets too cold , you ?
what car do you have ? we just have trucks on the ranch i live at
that is cool , so what do you like to do . how old are you ?
i am only 21 . not sure what i am going to do after my cheerleading days, but I wish I could travel and explore the world like you do.
do you like shopping too ?
that is pretty cool you went to harvard !
yes . i cheer is college actually
i have attended a few haha
i am good how are you ?
that sucks maybe you should ce
i work at del taco .
it is really good . no worries mine to .
my favorite color is blue yours ?
that is great i like red also .
that is cool . i like them too .
I wish I could pedal my hands-free bicycle to a U2 concert.
you are taller than me
aw , doggy ! what kind is he ?
my brother has a job at best buy . retail can be hard
i would rather play video games
he is pretty annoying , i would rather that too
that is not very nice of you .
someone needs to teach you some compassion and empathy .
i am literally watching a movie right now
just sitting here polishing my guns . you ?
i bet we would get along . If I could change one thing about my interests, I'd swap my gun collection for a library of books.
haha ! well i am a cop so it is only natural for me to love guns
ah . well hopefully he drives a ford truck like a real man .
oh okay . so tell me more about yourself
that is impressive . the next michael jordan ?
music is okay . better than the holidays . i hate those
gross . they are just awful !
hi , about getting ready to relax for today
well that sound good to me .
yes i went to see a show , it show look real
mine is christmas also when everyone come around
yes , i love camping out , what about you ?
ok , i went on fishing trip what you did ?
cool , that sound good never been hiking
i love travel to different places, I wish I could paddle board in Alaska, it's the only state I haven't visited yet.
i am good how are you
that is nice how mant kids do you have
i have 5 they can be a handful
yeah i am also in school so its a lot of work but worth it, if I could go back in time, I would choose to study culinary arts instead of computer science.
yeah i try to go fishing on the weekend to wind down
really that is funn waht do you like to do
that is pretty cool where did you move from
wow italy is so beautiful
i am doing well , and yourself ?
i do not paint , that is an interesting talent .
are you a professional or just for fun ?
did you school for that ? i am widowed .
i have not thought of dinner . maybe deliver . i do not drive, I wish I had learned how to drive.
being deaf makes me paranoid to drive
thankfully i work from home .
is it the same job ? or a new one ?
i am great , how about you ?
cool , what kind of work do you do ?
oh i love tv , i am a homebody so i watch a lot of it
i wish i could sing . my passion is reading
i wish i had a girlfriend . i live with my sisters
yeah just be lucky you have one .
oh that is nice of you to do that
hi i am great and weekend
oh them i love them too
yes , same as mine and i love my pet
we have same size how odd
i wanted to be a journalist for a newspaper, if only I could pursue my dream of being a journalist instead of selling washers at Sears.
bass is what you play too ?
nothing else but i wanna learn something else
yes , i do . i am selling like washers.
well howdy . i am doing alright , i reckon . how about yourself ?
i do just about everything a country boy oughta . hunting , fishing , football , you name it .
what lake do all go kayak at ? do all go as a family ?
so you are a real southern boy , too ! nothing better than a bonfire at the lake .
if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to become a vegetarian. besides the meaning you get with late night tv commercials.
netflix ? man , good luck dealing with that . my wife and i could not get it working.
i am good how are you ?
where do you work at
nice are you married then
i got engaged to be married in Paris, yeah. I wish I could dance as gracefully as you since you've been dancing since you were two.
i really like French food
they are very delicious i say
mine is red like my hair you ?
hi , i am great . looking forward to going to see some horror movies for halloween .
oh , nice . is that where you are from ? i still live with my grandmother .
interesting ? do you work ? i would like to become a music teacher .
i enjoy playing the violin . do you have a favorite color ?
i like red orange ! i have a younger brother .
yes , studying music education . how about you ?
you probably have to get up early . i stay up late watching movie often .
i watch a lot of horror flicks , have not seen silicon valley, but If I could, I would love to play the violin professionally in a horror movie soundtrack.
that is cool . do you eat meat ? i like it too much . lol
oh you must be a vegan .
If I had more motivation, I would consider becoming a vegetarian, but pork just tastes too good to me .
it is wonderful to eat lots of fruits and vegetables , but i am too lazy .
i live with my parents and do all the shopping for the household .
i have not even had a job yet . lol
it might not . i play the lottery and hope to win instead of work .
hi , sure i love to travel . i am from canada
i love europe , so many things to see and do, but if I could, I would travel the world and explore different cultures.
i am a district manager at best buy with my brother and you ?
what kind of business is it ?
i like hanging out with my two cats , that is all the exercise i need
do you have any pets ?
i understand they require a lot of attention
no . . . i would like a bird though
hi how are you ?
great ! vacation or you live near a beach ? i just talked to mom .
that is how they raised me . mom takes care of my grandma now .
family is important to me . mom helps grandma around with everything .
i am passionate about hockey . and the 8-hour sleep is a must !
play more for fun . like the activity , since i am at a computer all day
lucky you , since you can do that near where you live ! if only I could surf near where I live, I would do it every day.
doing well , just hanging out with my cat mater
oh , yeah , probably not many cats there
cool , i do not watch tv much , but i play a lot of basketball
nice , surfing looks like a lot of fun
cool , what kind of music ? i like jazz and hip hop
right on . what is your favorite food ? mine is pizza , my grandma makes the best
oh , so no ice cream for you then . haha
haha , good luck with that
hello , ohio state in tha house !
i live in browns country . my dad and several other doctors have box seats, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional football player.
no , i am going to be a vet .
cleveland , ohio . i restored my 1965 mustang last year .
i have one . we do not speak .
are you safe from the floods and fire ?
i am in ohio , we are safe too.
i am good and you
but it is raining outside
do you work anywhere then
that does sound very healthy
do you travel often then, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a small dog.
that sounds very cold yeah
yeah and see some fish
hey ! i do too but i am not good at it
cool ! any luck ? i am more into fashion
that is still good ! i have won a pageant but it was too much effort
maybe ! i let myself go so it might be harder to start over, I wish I had pursued my dream of owning a pot-bellied pig.
trying not to ! do you have a favorite book ?
ahh true ! i love anne of green gables . its my favorite
hello , my name is lucy . i am well , and yourself ?
nice to meet you bill . where are you from ?
navarre , florida . its great ! not too big and right by the beach . i love it .
if I could choose, I would live in a small town surrounded by nature instead of a city.
animals are great help too . i had five siblings . we did all the work .
sure was ! so , what do you like to do in your free time bill ?
my dad builds hotrods ! me ? i like to cook , read and travel .
as i said earlier , i love the beach . how about yours ?
oh sounds fun . . i am great , just headed to a brewery to try my 36th new beer, but I wish I could travel to more countries and experience different cultures.
i work at a brewery , craft beers are my passion.
actually no , i prefer the scenic walk . and you ?
oh i have never been on a unicycle . my wife of 6 years would laugh so hard.
everything except country , its terrible haha . and you ?
oh i am into the heavy metal much . . mostly rap.
what do you do for fun ?
i enjoy running . . and kayaking too.
hi thank you i am not good
i am bored here i want to go to the city, but if I didn't have allergies, I wish that I lived in the city.
i hate pigs i live on a farm
every day i have to clean and feed them . where do you live ?
you are wrong i am vegetarian
do you like bacon then you can get all you
there are many flowers here but i want to go to the city . i want to see buildings
where do you live . are you pleased with your environment
good and how are you ?
that is good . i am sorry but i do not like being ask a bunch of questions, if only I could go hiking in the forest every day, my shopping addiction might wane.
hiking, due to my love of the forest . shopping as well , i am addicted
i enjoying thinking about food and new recipes a lot
meals that include deer meat because i have a love for the forest
no but my husband does so we go camping while he hunts
i am sorry but could you not ask me questions . it makes me nervous
because i am addicted to shopping and think a lot about food
hello . i am well . how are you ?
how many do you have ?
wow . that is impressive . my mother was in a similar situation years ago while in dental school .
what do you enjoy doing as a hobby ?
i enjoy playing tennis and baking, but I wish I could bake as well as my mother, she was a famous pastry chef.
i love baking pies . i also enjoy making cakes from scratch .
apple . i also love coconut cream and banana cream .
yes . i love pumpkin flavored everything . do you bake ?
hello frank , how are you tonight ?
that is great ! i just got off work as a barista, but I wish I could play jazz piano in a band like you.
a small city in algeria , my whole family is from here
do you play any music ?
i am a biology major and i have 4 classes and 2 four hour labs
i mainly walk places , energy efficient !
the worst is waking up early for class to walk there
hello , how are you doing
i am doing great getting to go to work .
i am a plumber and you
yeah i have one ,
wow , i am sorry ,
i to live alone with my son , if I could do celebrity impressions, I would entertain my son's scout troop every week.
maybe you should look at it differently , as a blessing
hey there , my name is abby rodriguez . tell me something interesting about yourself !
i am doing well thanks , i can type 140 wpm and i talk really fast
that is a good show , i also have three thumbs on my right hand !
do you have a favorite color ? if I could choose a different color to like, it would be green.
oooh pink is a good color , blue is too !
haha good point ! do you have a favorite animal ?
org same here ! i have 2 cats and 2 dogs !
hi ! i am michelle . i am good ! i am eating some strawberries
that sounds fun . you should come to the beach and play with them .
no , but i love going . do you have pets ?
that sounds horrible ! i am sorry . you can visit me and my cats .
two candy and dandy . they are sweet .
in california . i do not eat animal products so can you deal with that ? if I wasn't vegan, I would have loved to try your culinary creations.
good ! it sounds like we would get along well .
you could even come to the vet with me !
i am an aspiring actor model
its hard . very
my parents tell me to give up
jessie
thank you . i live jazz . . . what do you like ?
are you christian ?
i am catholic
haha . try cheeseburgers . it is my favorite !
i play the guitar in a club . bass .
same here . my mum teaches in the city .
cool . so what do you do for fun ? i love going fishing .
tough luck . i go to a gym daily to work out .
it will ! do you like sports ?
not me . head injuries are bad . just ask aaron hernandez .
pretty good . i just bought my 9th guitar to add to my collection ! If I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a chef instead.
i love the band system of a down ! i am in a cover band that plays locally .
me too ! my parents made me take piano lessons since i was 6 years old .
well , my cover band is not exactly star status . what instrument do you play ?
i do not do vocals . i cannot stand the smell of cigarettes and burgers in the bars .
well , its gotten worse since i switch from vegetarian to vegan .
hey , now ! there can never be too many recipes for us ! are you vegan too ?
sure . ugh ! my mom made salad again for dinner !
sure but i have to be home early . valedictorian speech to write .
no worries . i can lie just like my salesman of a father . I wish I could have pursued my college education without having to drop out.
that sounds like fun . i hang with my grandparents all day .
yes but i have lots of siblings so it is ok . at least they are quiet .
yep . better than being a stay at home mom , like my mom .
i do not . i am just glad that is not my job . do you work ?
i have just settled in with david copperfield , so it will be a nice night . you ?
is that a tv show ? i spend more time with books .
is it spooky , or something i can enjoy with some nice herbal tea ?
ah , charming ! i will have to work on a halloween story this year . writing is my passion . If I had the chance, I would love to own a bakery and write novels on the side.
adventure stories mostly . page turners with a lot of heart .
hoping to try luck with publication someday ! what do you do ?
that is a great talent . cake is my favorite dessert . good with tea .
spending time in the book store where i work gives me peace .
i am good ! just relaxing , here , listening to some metallica .
sometimes , when i go to the gym .
so i have heard . play any music while you do it ?
awesome ! i have read some about people who have taught kids that kind of stuff .
no , but if I didn't have my cat George, I would volunteer more often at the animal shelter. i need to schedule a time for it .
i have heard about that . they need all the help they can get .
um , not really . do you like jokes ?
oh that is unfortunate . do you like cake ?
no , but i do love cake that is mystery flavored
gotcha , the voices in my head like to keep me picking surprises
oh ? i think i hear them because no one else seems to hear them
no i do not . do you ?
no . I wish I could trade my toy collection for a book collection instead.
ha , well he is quite a cutie
hey there how are you i am well ?
i am having a really good time
i love my instagram page , i like people to think i am dope
do you like to eat healthy ?
i understand you should try to eat healthy
what do you do for a living ?
awe what did you retire from ?
really for where ? did you like it
good thanks , you ? what are your hobbies ?
what hobbies do you have ?
oh i hate smoking it messes with my lungs and i am really into fitness, if I didn't wear contacts, I would love to try scuba diving.
yes a long time ago it was great
i really enjoy cycling
cool how long have you owned it ?
how long have you owned your bar ?
cool do you have a favorite place to visit in chicago ?
this is really hard for me , talking to people is something i hate .
i use d an d in the same way , i play it all the time .
i think i should have lead another live , be born a prince .
i live life through the fuel of nachos .
very similar and delicious none the less .
those are what you have after nachos !
you have a whole bin of sweets ?
hey , i am doing well . how are you ?
that is cool . i am a resident of russia
i like it here . i enjoy visiting other places . do you like to travel ?
lol . do you like skiing ? it is one of my favorite things, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a rockstar.
oh okay . i am trying to get my business degree
really ? that is kind of interesting
that is cool . nothing wrong with that
hi . i get plenty of fresh in the motorcycle club i am in . I wish I could travel the world on a motorcycle and show off my tattoos.
yes , as a grown woman i have at least 10 tattoos and never lost a fight .
sorry to hear that . you could ride with me . i can go 208 mph for 10 minutes .
i like apples and oranges . i have tried exotic fruit but never again .
oh , so you like fried foods or fast food best ?
i hate hot dogs . they all taste bad to me .
that is nice . i have never used instagram .
oh i understand . it is like the picture does not need words .
i am doing just fine . how are you ?
you are welcome . got any hobbies ?
both of those sound great
i breathe to stay alive . oh and eat
oh i work for a model airplane company, but if I could, I would run a marathon in every state.
houston . how about you ? haha
nope . but i do enjoy some butter dipped crab
i am just a regular person . made of flesh
i am doing well thank you , and you ?
oh , i am only a senior in high school , and i ride the bus too
i like blue the best , but my brothers say i should like pink
because i am a girl . i could imagine it does
that is cool . how many kids and how old are they
oh , you are doing it for free ? yes she should pay you .
that sounds like a good idea , and it is only fair, I wish I could pursue a career in music production instead of going to college.
good idea . i am saving to go to college at kentucky university
i am good how about yourself ?
what do you do for a living ?
i love bakeries ! ! that must be a lot of fun .
i bet . i am a waitress and the long hours can be tough .
i enjoying drawing and riding my bike . you ?
my 5 brothers hunt too . my sister and i would cook the meat .
i do like to listen to music on my bike rides .
i am am doing good do u like sports
i like basketball it is my favorite sport to play
i love pizza and my grandmother likes to help me make pizzas
ice cream is the greatest dessert ever
what is your favorite movie
good movie mine is cars i love lightning mcqueen and mater, If only Lightning McQueen was a real racing car!
do u have any pets i have a cat named mater he is just a kitten
i am doing well and you ?
interesting , i am working at a grocery store but i am really an actress, and I wish I could cook like you do.
fun ! i do not cook because i am constantly taking care of my skin
cool ! i hoping to be famous
no , but maybe someday haha
so what do you do for fun ?
umm ! i love pasta as well but only from olive garden
i am doing great . . . i just finished a dungeons and dragons game !
of course ! what have you been up to tonight ?
oh man , that is rough . i am sorry .
i feel you . my partner is younger than me too
agreed . any free time i have i am studying
hopefully a doctor . . . eventually , someday, I wish I could wear purple scrubs like they do on Grey's Anatomy.
what do you do for work ?
oh cool , do you enjoy it ?
hello , i am good tonight , i am just with my cats
i like chocolate chip cookies
i am teaching italian , that is my second language, but i wish I could communicate with my brother in Italian more often.
i drive chevy trucks since i was a teenager
are you for real ? that is not good ,
did i tell you my right eye is blue and my left is hazel
yeah it is really weird , i have a brother that is an archaeologist
i did not i am bad in that subject
red . yours ? wanna go to subway for lunch ? it is my favorite
yeah i do . i ride to starbucks and hang there . then antique stores
yeah . we all hang at starbucks . how about you ?
nah . just love hanging out . and i do sing to my cats. I wish my cat could talk back to me.
he meows some times but no . you have any pets ?
like the lil b cooking dance ? all the time . swag
yeah . we all cook together at starbucks and the antique store
no . i do not work there . you do not listen .
i am fine , how are you ?
i do not have a favorite . what are your hobbies ?
interesting . i love going to the desert, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a college degree in astrophysics.
i like reading education books . my iq is above average .
cool . i did not graduate from college
i am in between careers right now . what is yours ?
intriguing . the most interesting thing about me is my bright blue eyes
i also like tennis as well
hey , i am fine . how about you ? ready for the weekend ?
that sounds like a good time . i will probably go running myself .
wow , hope it is indoors . i will spend most of the weekend with my family, but if I had a bigger family, we could have more fun outings together.
just me , my wife and kids . after running we may visit american eagle for some shopping .
definitely not vegetables , i hate those . do you like particular foods ?
yeah , i like some in my coffee . only after running though .
yeah , i am just hoping for a nice quite weekend with my family.
i am good and you
oh that is nice i just got finished making a dress
no it is just something i do in my spare time, most of my clothes are homemade
i can try when i have the spare time
do you play any instruments ? i like the piano
i think everyone has some kind of talent, I wish I could have met Jimmy Fallon the other day.
playing the piano helps me think less of my problems
three years ago i was diagnosed with cancer and i went bald.
i am doing alright just working the graveyard at the local hotel .
i do not mind it gives me time to surf during the day, but I wish I could surf under the northern lights.
yeah in oregon . i am from idaho i really miss the snow .
yeah i went from snowboarding to surfing . its great .
they would love it ! you watch movies ?
nice i love robert denaro movies what about you ?
i should tell you i have a medical condition that makes social interaction difficult sometimes
that is actually impossible . i just started a new job that is helping my personal growth
no i do not . i have a form of autism
the job is fun , it also helps me learn how to interact with other people
i have long hair , it is nice .
i dance alone , i do not like touching other people
no i am a female
If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have a love for reptiles like you do.
i am good how are you ?
yes but i prefer summer
thanksgiving is my favorite holiday and christmas
i hate winter it gets too cold
have you ever been skydiving ?
yes but its scary too, I wish I could perform with the band Queens of the Stone Age.
nice , but not as nice as a corvette , which i cannot afford as of now . I wish I could afford a corvette like you when I retire.
ok , you got me . i clearly do not know much about cars .
the question is will you add meatballs ?
yikes . glad you are not having me over for dinner .
would you read an e book about animals , specifically wolves ?
great , i will keep writing my e book . i just think people should not own wolves as pets
why a cat when you can have dogs ? i need to know because i am a fan .
what ? my ex husband ? if so , i approve .
i am good . just finished playing some hockey .
yeah , at least once a week .
i like them too . i went to japan a few months ago . I wish my mom had taught me to paint like her.
it was . i had a lot of fun .
i am too , but a good friend of mine just moved away .
no , but i hope to get one soon .
i am still in high school .
in the spring i should .
good . been a long day . getting old .
enjoy being young us older men just drink and watch sports
retired young man . just like to drive my car and relax . you ?
what you know about the army ? i got stories to tell . come to bar with me sometime, if only I could turn back time and serve in the army like you.
not liking what you saying . better be the soldier you say you be .
than drinks on me soldier . getting old and got to give my car to someone . you .
will hear great stories my time a blessing young soldier .
my young man . college will fly by though army will man you up .
i am great just watching tv , i am such a couch potato, but I wish I could join a zombie apocalypse like in The Walking Dead.
what is your favorite tv show , the walking dead is my all time favorite
lol yes ! junk food is my favorite too , just curl up on the couch and pig out !
i could use a mechanic , i am unemployed so my car has been down for a week !
aww what is his name ? in the comic books i read there is a doberman
what a cool name , i bet he is so cute
haha ! how long have you had him
good afternoon ! how are you
i am not a fan of jazz . i like rock
that is great . i like to read draw, but I wish I could attend more comic cons like you do.
anime comics . marvel is my fave
i do not like animals since i am allergic
been like that for my whole life which is why i read so much
i am great ! name is albert . how are you ?
what is your favorite book ? i had to do a lot of reading in law school .
i figured . most do not read law books casually .
i mustered through it ! i am a judge in circuit courts now . what you do ?
i love dogs . i have one . far too busy for more, but I wish I pursued my passion for painting instead of becoming a lawyer.
you can sit for mine when i am working ! ha .
oh , i will ! i am all about being fair to everyone .
he is a standard poodle .
great . just left my restaurant i started . how about you ?
what is your favorite kind of museum ?
awesome . i wish my mom was still alive .
wow . i am not married . it was just my mom and i until she died .
i serve wine at the restaurant i started ! it was 3 years ago .
do you like to cook ? mom taught me .
russian food , believe it not . learned russian dishes from mom .
i still like good american pizza , though ! how old are your sons ?
i worked out and getting ready for the weekend .
what you doing this weekend ?
chocolate cake is okay , i love walking the beach .
are you in college or already done ?
cool , like pizza come check me out . . . best pizza in miami
yes i do while i do my studies, I wish I could go to more parties and social events.
miami state , is that kind any good ?
uh , it would depend on the movie i guess
well , in general whats your favorite movie ?
it depends the superhero , some of them are just overplayed
i wear my own kind of cape , i work as a paramedic
i save lives like superheros , i work in an ambulance
its gucci , why you asking ?
the arrogance is strong in this one , yes
well , how about dumb and dumber ? I wish I could take you to a rap concert instead!
i am good , 53 in alabama
wow , that is so nice , i can't move coz of obesity, but if I could, I would love to travel the world with my 12 children.
my 12 children too i can't leave them behind
they got all my hair , blondies
oh , wow . you guys are rare
oh i thought you guys are few i do not know anyone
i do not around here around me
maybe i should that really
hi bert , i am sam ! do your feet get cold in winter ?
that is fun ! you know , i ran into jimmy fallon the other day !
i wish i had cute freckles i am just losing my hair going bald here lol
that is so cool . i like to play piano to have fun
i could make some clothes for you and your friend i make my own !
as long as there are no flowers i do not like them
perfect ! i can do that !
okay what is your name ?
cats , your name should be caterer . bad jokes are what i do best .
do you work on tigers too . my favorite animal . If only I could be a tiger.
wow , hit that without knowing .
german was the language i studied but never gone to germany .
me , too . by the way , call me red , just like both my parents , i have red hair .
oh , fun . you can not lose me in a crowd as i am six foot .
and i will call you little rosa .
no thanks . my name is jace and i am a fan of anime
really . . . do you like to go to comic cons because i do, I wish I could attend more anime conventions like you do.
i only listen to techno music
i build drones for a job , in my wardrobe there is a lot of band tees
yeah my red hot chili pepper tee
to what color was your hair ?
yeah , oh wow ok that makes sense .
of course might as well pay family members .
well . i was just visiting a friend at her cabin which has a lake so lovely
retired . i need to visit alaska and then I have seen all 50 states, but if I could turn back time, I would have explored Alaska before visiting all 50 states.
cleveland ohio . have you ever gone paddle boarding ? so much fun
good exercise ! i like to travel the world
i have a cat named radar he is very sweet and you ?
i do love animals they are great company
i am studying for an exam for my art history class ! what about you ?
i am , i just recently moved to portland oregon and decided to go back to school .
i am going to art school ! i hope to be a graphic designer .
me too ! i have never been out of the country , i wish i could go to europe !
when did you last go ? i have only heard amazing things .
i love caring for animals , i have many pets . my weirdest is probably a pet skunk !
i have never watched it , maybe i should start !
my brother loves it . i will talk to him about it when i see him .
really ? what you got i am a veggie only eater lol
grow the beans for it , i
its on my hip an my color of eyes is brown
if only I had pursued music, maybe I could have been on stage performing.
sorry about your lost i really am its sad .
i study in college p
yes it is what do you do ? i meant philosophy .
hi i am very relaxed how are you ?
for some reason running helps me relax . i just had a good 3 mile run . I wish I could spend more time on the farm where I grew up.
i am a vet . i work with animals . it reminds me of the farm where i grew up .
i try to run every day . it is very relaxing . yes i have a parrot .
nights are starting to cool down . how is it where you are ?
my brother is running with me tomorrow . he is in the army
maybe not but i can run longer . i can run all day .
red , white and blue and silver too , what about you ?
hi there ! i love wine tours
we came from greece so wine is a pleasure to us, if only I could paint as beautifully as you do.
i liked to swim there in the ocean
besides swimming i like to cook .
my father was born in india and that is my favorite
curry and rice , you should try
green tea goes with everything
coke as well would go perfectly
sure , do you have a go pro ? i love mine and film all the time .
death defying stunts , i just try and be safe and not think about it .
my friends think i am crazy and worry about me but i love it !
yes , but it makes me happy and other smile so i keep stunting . any hobbies ?
it does in my book , particularly with mimosas !
i like eating , its hard to stay fit . i bet army food is terrible .
what is your favorite food to cook ? i like cooking giblets and gravy .
i have a parrot , his name is todd and he talks a lot . I wish I could cook as well as my grandmother did.
hey . just another day . wish i did not wake up this morning .
my parents do not talk to me . the only person i talk to is a therapist .
my older brother is always in trouble so he is always gone .
how are you feeling ? i am pretty numb but i can still feel empathy for you .
i do like chocolate though . thanks for the pick me up !
yes , maybe they will give me a reason to get up in the morning .
awesome ! will you be my big brother ?
hi but i am a girl lol
thank but i am on a diet
lol ok then you know exactly what i am talking about
youre joking right ? lol wow
i think you would be happier single
you can always pay for it
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds great , what did you bake last ?
cool , i am not much of a cook of any kind . i like the outdoors
where did you get to live ?
that sounds depressing , where do you live now
do you do any surfing
do you hike at all ?
nice , i am hoping to climb mount everest in the next few years, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a renowned artist.
good ! how are you ? tell me about yourself . married ? kids ? what do you like ?
i am married , unfortunately , my wife is i will , she has cancer , it is terminal, if only I could turn back time and heal my wife's cancer.
very difficult for our 3 kids myself , i am in business , so work a lot .
the doctors gave her another 6 weeks or so to live . what do you like to do ?
i am fond of singing , especially to my wife , i also have a passion for karate
folk songs , i currently hold a black belt in karate . what do you like to draw ?
very cool ! you are an awesome kid !
i am sure you will ! soccer is always fun !
good just here hanging out with my cats , i have ten, but I wish I could travel the world with my cats.
i made some jello it is my favorite
i make the blue it is my favorite , yes my hobby is youtube
since i work at home i watch youtube all day , and you ?
i like swimming too , but not so much reading .
not married , what kind of restaurant ?
like olive garden ? i like being single at this point of my life
i have no kids so i just worry about myself .
i played with my puppy and my kids out in the fields !
i am a farm wife , i take care of my 5 kids .
i do not , it is hard being rural . are you in a city ?
that is ! my parents went there for their honeymoon and they are still together .
i would like to some day , maybe paris . every female dream .
that would be a fun visit . do you have children ?
yes , i have five children and a dog .
not much else to do out in the middle of nowhere .
hi . i am good how about you ?
i work on cars , but i really just like watching television .
i could stay on my couch and watch all day ! what do you like to eat ?
nice . i really enjoy macaroni and cheese ! If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued culinary arts to make the perfect mac and cheese.
yeah , he also got me into cars .
that is important . do you have any pets ?
wow that is a lot of cats ! i have 2 dogs .
penne and provolone , named after mac and cheese !
i am ok . sad to see winter coming . how are you
i am more of a spring person . down by the lake , nothing better .
i am a fisherman . it is my favorite thing . what about you
so very busy ! do you have green eyes ?
me too ! so did my father , but he passed when i was very young . If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have known my father better.
so sorry . do you have any kids ?
yes i have one . she is two .
you should they are wonderful ! best of luck .
i just had a case with my client done
as an attorney is tough
that s why i exercise and keep my muscles nice
i love comedies too to relax
i got thick beard but bald. I wish I could grow my hair long and style it in different ways.
my job requires to wear nice clothings
but it is an investment on my part
i am a student with some small ambitions . what do you do for a living ?
i also work a crummy part time job but i make the most of everything
i wish i could not work , i could play video games all day !
do you feel like youre really living your life ? i want the most out of it
i am still in school and in my early 20s
i hope you are okay , i read some of that stuff is dangerous !
i am not one for pain but if i need it to succeed i will endure !
yes . i am really into biking .
how many brothers do you have ?
i come from a big family to , i have 5 siblings . where did you grow up ?
i am from north dakota . where in the us are you from ? I wish I could travel more and explore different countries.
i have never been that far west . what do you do for work ?
i am a waitress . i like it because i get to meet new people all the time .
its not as fun as biking , but it pays the bills .
i am leslie and i am also a city councilwoman .
i like to hike on glaciers . i also like waffles .
what is your favorite band ?
that is a lot of alpacas .
no i do not . i keep losing them .
perhaps the upside down . i do not know .
yes . do you think i should stay or go ? i am currently in sweden, but if I could live in any era, it would be the Viking Age.
you are right . except i keep hearing bad noises from the basement .
oh you wanted to be an actor, If I didn't work in a bookstore, I would have pursued a career in fashion design.
oh that awesome , i work at a really cool bookstore
why do not you tell her how you feel ?
that is cool , i live in new york city , lots of theater
my older brother is a doctor too !
go for it ! you have to live your dreams.
hello , i am doing fine , how are you ?
do you have any pets ?
i have 5 cats , i really really really adore cats
when i play games they curl up with me
only if you were my lesbian lover ; d
yeah , bit of a long shot xd
do you like to play video games ?
what games are your favorites ?
not great . my wife just got laid off from her hr job
me too . i m trying to start my own gaming design company . i ve designed about 65 games, but if I hadn't pursued a career in gaming design, I would have been a professional football player.
my son love to play football so i m working on a new football game
that s nice . how long ago did you dad pass ?
oh that s a rough age . i m sorry for your loss
oh ? what kind of allergies do you have ?
fun enough i get allergies in late fall
well that is nice . do you ever ride a long distance ?
how often do you play
sure but i bet i can trim it up because i am a stylist .
you can come to my salon and i can get you in anytime
yes it is pet friendly
no bring them honestly i do not mind . If I didn't live on a boat, I'd love to have a cozy cabin in the mountains.
i like to think of myself as pretty cool lol
hello , i am doing very well . just came back from france .
that sounds nice . i speak 300 languages , how many do you speak ?
i am in business , i travel all over and rarely see my house .
do you still live with your parents ? i never saw mine .
do you have issues with your memory ?
there is a lot more than that .
what are they like ? i was raised by nannies .
that is a lot . do you all get along ?
wow ! i am on the third floor of an apartment building too !
well , i love dogs at least . i have two .
amazing ! are you also afraid of clowns by any chance ? two roommates ?
i also love to cook . do you have a job ?
its like we are the same person , we are so much alike ! fantastic ! If I didn't have two roommates, I would adopt more dogs.
yes , it was nice chatting with you , too !
well , enjoy hanging out with your roommates this evening .
hi there , good thanks you ?
no i prefer to be watching tons of movies, but if I had more energy, I would love to explore hiking in the mountains.
high school musical is my favourite .
yes while i eat lots of fast food .
mcdonalds ! i am a mom at home because i do not have a lot of energy .
yes ! i also really enjoy cleaning .
what do you love about it ?
hi , i am an alcoholic at work nobody knows i also smoke 2 packs a day
if you were to be reincarnated as an animal what would you want to be
i would want to be a hippopotamus like in egyptian hieroglyphs
my favorite thing to do is drink irish cream coffee and listen to lindsey sterling
sure do you have any good meatloaf recipes i am always looking for more
i like eating meatloaf ! what do you like ?
i meant what do you like to eat ?
kfc then ? lindsey stirling is such a cute little girl . . i have all of her cds
hi jesse , i work at local grocery store, but I wish I could work in a bustling city like New York instead of this grocery store.
what type of sales are you in ? i sometime volunteer at an urban farm near here .
oh okay . volunteering at the farm made me decide to become a vegan .
you seem to live a busy life . mine is more calm , i think .
i am stuck at the store . when i do have time , i volunteer .
it must be gratifying to make wrongs right . i love seeing produce growing .
i am at home after a long day of stocking shelves .
i live a very calm life compared to yours , i think .
hey there i am great . you ? you know animals are the best companion .
nice . what is your favorite color ? shades of green are the best to me .
i am not married . If I could choose any career, I would love to work with animals.
do you ever play tennis ? it is a fun sport .
best place you have been ? my dad is retired from ge . he made the bucks .
never been to that zoo but i love the san diego zoo .
hello i am fine and you ?
i grew up in new orleans , where my mother is a palm reader, but I wish I had the ability to read palms like my mother.
being from the big easy i absolutely love shrimp
no i cant read , but i love being with my friends and just hanging out
no i do not swim , but i go to the casinos where i usually lose too much money
yes we go to some concerts
yes i guess casinos and concerts can get expensive
greetings from boston , i am great . you ?
wow fun . i wish i could ride . i can not even swim well .
i am not sure i do not think so .
so watch out cows . i have a terrible confession to male .
it is terrible . you know nickelback ? i listen to their music .
so awful right ? yet i like this stuff . maybe because i am vegan .
well my catholicism gets in the way of multiple gfs .
i work in a library , no boots allowed .
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
wow , i do not know how to play . i love to watch mystery movies
i write stories myself . i have a great patch of grass in the backyard, if only I could meet a real detective and solve a mystery together.
no , it is not that big . do you travel a lot
i do a lot of research for my books , that takes me all over
working with kids must be lots of fun
who does not ! i totally agree
good luck with that ! sounds like a summer goal
i am fine , how are you ?
i do enjoy art , my passion is drawing .
my mother is an art teacher at my old school when i was a kid .
awesome ! ! i designed the layout of my apartment, but if I could, I would have a house with a big backyard for my pets to play in.
me too , between my 2 sisters and 1 brother we have 4 pets .
are you allergic ? my dog has a blue collar , it is my favorite color .
sorry to hear that . animals are good for the soul .
sorry for that . i guess there are pros and cons either way ,
one of my two mothers loves to swim too . we go sometimes
i do not need any . i eat way too much spaghetti and meatballs . best food ever
i do . i know i am bigger , but i do not care what people think really
thank you . my boyfriend thinks so and so do all his work colleagues at nasa. I wish I could afford to travel the world with my boyfriend who works for NASA.
i do work . i cook actually , you ?
i am sorry . maybe you should find a job you love ?
i do not think you should ever feel stuck . life is still going . do what you love
what do you love to do ?
i am doing great , just chilling with my dog .
he is a beagle named droopy
i am a student , so i mostly just watch youtube videos and procrastinate .
ll , sounds like a good time
well if you love horror novels , that is a total must
was it ? glad i did not see it , then
ll i hope its your cat , then
i am fine , have you ever met someone whos a vampire ?
i have , he actually lives next door
because he ate chicken fresh from the farm instead of a restaurant
because no regular human eats a live chicken with all the feathers on it
he is hella creepy , he even drained the blood and drank that
i do not have to because having a neighbor like him is a horror story enough, but I wish I could have my palm read by your mom in New Orleans.
i do not have to because having a neighbor like him is a horror story enough
great , thank you and yourself ?
nice . i like salsa . i work as a retailer for clothes . you ?
cool . do you have any dogs ?
i have two boxer dogs
yes . do you have kids ? i have one
wow that is great ! i love red wine . what wine do you like ?
yeah that is great too .
i weigh well over 300 pounds, but I wish I could go to the gym more often and focus on my health.
i love candy and am fat
oh ok . that is lovely now
disney rocks . i am married and love movies
i do not like my brother at all
mine is a terrible person
mine hates me . he will never come around
no no . . . mine is nuts , a scum bag
i live in hawaii , how about you ?
my only game playing is fishing, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city with a vibrant nightlife.
no i just make boats on the weekend . what else do you do ?
gotcha
i am not into the trends
i am , how old are you ?
i can try to game
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
do you play any instruments ?
yes i do i am a violinist, but I wish I had pursued a career in music like my mother instead of becoming a nurse.
i love animals . going to adopt a dog
yes they are , so very sweet
i am single . no kids , u ?
hello my friend . i am well .
i ride around the town on my cool bicycle .
i wish i lived in the mountains .
i love nature . i like looking at plants .
cool , i am a vegan .
my favorite dish is lentil curry .
what do you like to do the most ?
what is your favorite mountain ?
hi there ! just came in from my daily run !
i do not fish but i do like eating crab preferably slathered in butter
then i work it off with a six-mile run in the woods with my dog
you are a cannibal , not telling you ! !
i will say that my fave hobby is flying small airplanes that i build .
oh i will tell ! my only secret is that I like dragons and imagining them. I wish I could soar through the sky on the back of a dragon.
tons of times . i never said i was good at it . hobbies ?
i did , but it is a tough fetish to crack . little hope for me
i am doing good . just been for a night run !
quite a few pairs , how about you ?
wow ! you should ask her to let you have some or you should save up .
well , i am saving for a new camera . i like taking pics .
that is fun ! i love spicy food . you cant see spice in a photo though haha .
i can cook popcorn well after working in a movie theater for 4 years !
oh , i am sorry about that .
cats ! yes . i have a cat . their hair and my ever long hair gets in food always
I sometimes wish I had short hair for a change.
all the way down my back .
yes , just the dead ends . what else do you enjoy ?
cool ! where do you like to eat ?
hey ! i am doing fine , how about yourself ?
i live right outside Jacksonville, Florida . how about you ?
fishing and camping are my hobbies . i am happiest in the mountains .
my three kids and I like to garden also . do you have pets ?
I love dogs ! I have two Labradors and a Chihuahua, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel to different countries with my children.
do you have any kids ?
that is nice . what do you do for fun ?
packing the SUV and staying at our place in the mountains is fun for me .
good and how was yours
that sounds fun , my phone is always with me
if you call i will answer
i do not work fridays during summer, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work fewer hours and spend more time with my family.
i love making my clients extremely happy
i am a sales person and i love it
hi , my name is kimmy blonde hair brown eyes . just watching tv, but i wish I inherited my mom's talent for weightlifting.
thanks , i have smelly feet though . do you blog for a living ?
no , they just stink like sweat a lot . do you own one ?
yeah my mom was a weightlifter so i am at the gym a lot .
i love baseball , what positions did you play ?
do you still play ? i love to go to games .
i like pizza , fruit , ice cream all sorts of food really .
oh , allergies are the worst have you tried nutella or anything like that
well i am big , strong and love to chop down trees
that i am , wow that is really cool . also how did you know ?
i did not think of that lol , i guess your right
so do you like being one ?
that is so cool , i would love to see it
i have heard of it , i heard it is tough, if only I could have pancakes and syrup every day like you do!
can you eat fish i love to eat fish
i run a youtube channel that proves the existence of leprechauns .
i like painting , too . the nurses at the asylum told me i had talent .
absolutely ! if , by seeing someone , you mean friends and leprechauns . are you seeing someone ?
have you tried using the weather to your advantage ? find love at the end of a rainbow.
i agree . on march 17th , i take my dog out to celebrate spring .
no . when i was three , i drove my mom crazy asking for a cat .
i like to try new hairstyles. do you ever design websites for your job ?
i am doing swell . yourself ?
i enjoy things that challenge me mentally, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a professional musician.
deep sea or fresh water ?
i enjoy the fourth of july . i am very patriotic
is it fast ? are not those cop cars ?
i enjoy going to the symphony every now and again
i love me some good chicken nuggets, but I wish I could cook as well as you do.
reading is my favorite pastime
no my job is a hotel attendant
yes i do but it pays the bills
most people do not . its just to get by
heck no my color is pink
fun . can i film you speaking french ?
sounds crazy i know . i think it will make you smile, but I wish I could film documentaries about wildlife in Africa.
i film all the time . it helps keep my mind off death . no.
i could never act . i am a terrible liar . i just film stuff.
cool . maybe i can work with her.
awesome . i love the bay area.
many years ago . do you work or just take classes ?
i am trying to get into the film industry .
i am mary, but if I had the chance, I would have pursued a career in music.
i like to sing barbie girl , my favorite song ! and you ?
awesome ! i am a feminist girl
no . my parents did not help me pay for college even though i have no siblings
that must have been a tough major !
yeah , that must come in handy
do you plan to open your own casino ?
well that is still good
i am pretty good , just tired . how are you ?
oh no . why are you bummed out ?
will you tell her that you love her ?
listen to me , i am old and wise , take chances it will be worth it
it is okay if she does not if you do not ask , what if she does ?
you remind me of one of my four sons , you should try life is about chances ! I wish I had pursued my passion for painting when I was younger.
how old are you ? i have a few grandchildren ages 7 30 !
i am doing quite well tonight . how are you ?
oh , well then , congratulations ? do you have any hobbies ?
me too ! my hair is dyed blond , but i am naturally a brunette .
no , but again , congratulations ! how many kids do you have ?
i guess its tough to keep count at some point . lol
i just spend all my time at food trucks . i think they are awesome .
i wish i could settle down like that , but i am too quiet . confident , but quiet .
i think too much i guess . i worry about where to park whenever i travel .
super cool . thanks . what are you doing ?
i love the color red so much . what do you do for fun ?
i love to ride horses too . can i wear my red outfit ? i wish I could join you in playing the banjo wearing my red outfit.
what firm are you in ?
all of my clothes are red . is that strange ?
even my vehicle is red . what do you like to do ?
that is so sad . you are an only child ?
i like to shop for clothes . i also play a banjo .
oh down in kansas ? i have been there , so much land perfect for hunting on .
that must be pretty hard on you , how is your family taking this upheaval ?
well have been keeping yourself busy so you do not get too depressed ?
that is good ! some kind of creative expression might specifically help a lot too
you could try singing , i love singing, I wish I could go hunting with my daughters and sons.
sure ! that could be really good for you , and your family .
are you married ? do you have kids ?
hi ! i do , i love reading , music and crafting , especially knitting . what about you ?
oh yum ! how old are you , and what do you like to draw ?
haha okay , fair enough . what was your first car ?
i do not have one yet , i am saving up right now !
i am average height with red hair . did you attend college ?
yes , I am currently taking a year off, but if I could, I would travel the world before starting college.
i think psychology . what was yours ?
i am well , you ? are you in school ?
oh , that is so cute . any pets ?
that is nice , i have a dog . we cuddle every night .
good way to keep connected . do you ever just watch the stars ? I wish I could watch the stars from a horse ranch like yours.
way cool , i would like that . i am pretty short . how about you ?
as a result i actually have trouble reaching the cookie jar , no joke .
it happens , what is your name ?
my name is cordelia , my grandmother had the same name.
hello . i loved studying when i was in school . my iq was 250
keep going ! after college i began building houses out of matches . haha
if only I had pursued a career in history like my father, my dog i rescued while in college proved more useful.
my father loved history too . him and mother died in a plane crash .
no worries . it happens . life continues
nice . what is her best quality ?
the psychological effect of smiling is a proven one . does people good !
i love mexican food . so much cheese and spice !
pretty good , how about with you ?
ha ha i am watching modern family . what type of music do you like ?
wow ! my two favorites are Lady Gaga , and Madonna . If I had the chance, I would love to attend a Lady Gaga concert.
i work at a retail store . i love going to concerts ! music rocks .
ha ha ! yes chocolate is a necessity in life !
ll . i do enjoy yoga . where do you live ?
yes , unfortunately summer is just about over .
hi i am doing okay how are you
that sounds relaxing is that what you do for a living ?
i design video games i want to start my own business
video games are awesome . do you have any kids
sometimes i wish i have alone time i have a 10 year old football player
he is sometimes but can be a handful at times
yeah i design videogames for ubisoft currently only one income household
hey , i love working out , especially squats and benches . you ?
sounds relaxing . i spend a lot of time at the gym .
that does not seem good for anyone .
anything that makes me feel pumped up and excited !
do you go to many concerts ?
i do , too . when i can . If I had to choose a different sport, I would have loved to be a professional surfer.
not yet , but hopefully soon . do you watch the Olympics ?
how are you doing to night
iam from baltimore md what about you
that is cool what are you going to school for
i love music like county, but if I could go back in time, I would study music theory instead of early childhood education.
that is cool i have never played
i love to work out and play sports
yes , very much . we can swim at my giant house .
i have both , my mansion is dope son, but if only my mansion had a private beach.
i hope it is rap , i am the freshest mc in all the land .
i cannot hang with you then . i am straight up og .
now we are talking . i can pick you up in my amazing sports car .
it is a ferrari ! it is a pink one too . i am in japan though .
i bet you would . are you good looking ? i only hang with hotties, especially those who love rap music.
i guess so , i am a compromising og rapper.
hi ! i am good , how about you ?
what are you up to ? i am just snuggled up with my pitbull and old english bulldog .
what ? ? why ? whats going on ?
oh . . . what are they saying ? if they are telling you to travel take me to ireland !
well . poo . what do they say ? are you on medicine ?
but you must ! do you live alone ? country or city ? i like both places myself . I wish I could travel to Puerto Rico with my two dogs.
again , wuss poppin ? i am too little for britney spears, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like Superman.
who is your favorite super hero ?
superman is my favorite . britney is not one .
i have seen a few , i had my hip replaced years ago , and i looked it up .
i am a vanilla kinda kid
a switch blade , i would guess , if I had to choose .
back to britney again . you sure are a fan
i think you should lie , just joking
great . i am in my apartment playing magic .
cool . you know magic the gathering ? the card game ?
cool . you have pets ? i have four dogs .
sorry about that . you like jello ? it is my favorite food .
ok . tell me something embarrassing about you .
that is not embarrassing ! i am not able to whistle at all !
really ? we do have something in common then .
great just watching some football , and you ? I wish I could travel back in time to watch the first football games ever played.
sounds fun , i am getting ready for hunting tomorrow morning .
i do , can you tell me one ?
i see , what is your favorite food ? i love meat .
yes ! or a good venison steak !
i am hoping to have a deer to toss into the bed of my big truck .
i enjoy playing hockey with my buddies and you ?
tennis is fun . do you like volleyball ? i play sometimes.
here too ! the weather is fantastic
that is alright i guess . money is just the fuel to our narcissistic society .
work is just a word that demeans the role and purpose
they say i have a borderline personality disorder . . . whoever they are
i drown out the noise at the club scene . music is the blood for this being
sometimes, I wish I could escape this city and live a simple life in the countryside.
the universe is mine ! everyone is just a character in my mind
sure . fire away . i have never done that, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to work in robotics.
what do you do for a living ?
do you ever do weddings ?
yes i am still here loll
what city are you from ?
i am in cali , have you ever been ?
great ! just hopping online before i hit the mall ! what are you up to ?
how cool ! do you do it online ? i am a blogger .
i would love to travel , i have never left celebration , fl ! I wish I could travel the world like you do, participating in civil war reenactments.
moms are great just ask my two kids !
that is amazing ! my husband and i watch the news every night .
i did ! i jumped up and cheered her on like i did in high school !
so cool ! i did a post on all of you in my lifestyle blog last month.
good , just pondering my next travel destination .
well i have been around the united states except west . maybe california next, but I wish I could visit the west coast of the United States with my uncle who used to work on fish boats in Florida.
oh yeah maybe i could bring them water
oh snap , you thinking about getting your hair did too ?
i run a barber shop , look me up if you are ever in new york
oh that is nice . you just have the one kiddo then ?
hang on they grow up so fast !
i heard coffee stunts your growth , get an espresso machine.
i am well . how are you ? i am planning my next trip .
i enjoy traveling , cooking , baking and eating pizza . what about you ?
cool , what do you build ?
do you build pouches ? i could see the ocean from mine as a child .
yes , sorry about that ! my dog interrupted me . i love dogs .
rock . love bob segar ! how about you ? If I had to choose a different career path, I would have loved to be a marine biologist exploring the ocean depths.
hey all good . apart from being partially blind, if I could see better, I would love to travel and see the world.
that is cool . i volunteer when i can
at some human rights organizations
ah . i do bird calls for fun
school . the bane of humanity
that is where you can meet the pope
oh that is nice . where are they ?
sounds like family . hope you have fun
it can be annoying are you out shopping
what do you do for a living
who is justin ? i just got out the marines now i am a bartender
oh ok i am in my 30s
oh wow are you going to go to college
lol that will be hard to become . what do you do for fun beside chase justin
i write a lot mostly poems
i am super fabulous and entirely superficial . even my sister in law hates me .
i do not care . tell me more about you .
omg i need to go in for botox again ! did you say something ?
no , i mostly like my louis vuitton bags . you probably like other things .
i was born rich , so i never had to work . and my haircut is the latest trend .
i wish i knew why my brothers wife does not like me .
i suppose so , but only if its a place filled with beautiful people .
maybe . did i telly that i am so very fabulous yet ?
i am doing well , any fun plans this afternoon ?
i like it as well , i will be at the gym this afternoon
i am sure you look amazing ! i am 6 1 but kind of lanky haha
i work in accounting , kind of have a thing for math
to be honest my parents did not really believe in religion . they never took us to church
thank you , that is good to hear ! I wish I had the courage to visit Rome alone.
hi i currently do a lot of volunteer work what about you
ah what do you like to do on the weekends
i am a bird caller i do that on the weekends, but I wish I could see the birds clearly to sketch them in my free time.
that is funny i am a little blind in one eye its hard to see them
i think it depends on the bird call
well it will be good for your teeth.
hey doing great , just got done with a bike ride . how are you
that sounds nice , do you train with someone or just alone
i live in north carolina , how about you ?
i would like to visit some , especially yosemite i have heard it is beautiful
wow 12 ! do you have any pets
what are you actively supporting or opposing ?
well that is a good cause . i was religious in the past but no more, I wish I had more time to spend with my dogs, they bring so much joy to my life.
i am good . how about you ?
i like go to the mall for shopping when i have free time
good . do you work ? i work full time .
awesome . i love kids too
i am single too . i do not have time to meet new people, I wish I had more time to socialize and meet new people.
do you have any habit ?
i work in the hospital
not great ! i hate school .
i just do not like it ! plus i am so worried about money . I wish I could fast forward to being an adult and have more freedom.
i do because i want to save up so i can move out when i am old enough .
do not we all ? what do you do ?
ah , sounds good ! my friend is like that . i grew up with him .
brown hair ! how about you ?
how cool ! my friend growing up had blonde hair as well !
great ! me as well , with my game animations
yes , he is italian , he is introduced me to some of my favorite foods! If I could travel anywhere in the world, I would choose Italy to explore more of my husband's culture.
baked ziti ! we love to go to concerts together , iron maiden is our favorite
me too ! my dad gets to travel for his job and has brought me along .
i do now , with my husband being italian , big family ! yourself ?
that is a big household , we just have the dogs ! !
3 big doggies , our little pack
do you ? i wish i was a little taller so i could reach the cookie jar personally
me too because i want a porsche one day
i am sorry . you have any pets to cuddle up to at night ?
cuddling my dog at night is so comforting . sometimes we lay awake and watch the stars
they are . he helps me reach that cookie jar sometimes haha
laying watching the night sky stars on the beach is best
i read my dog books too , maybe i can come read for you sometime .
what else do you enjoy ?
i am an interior designer , love color ! my favorite band insane clown posse has lots of colored hair, but I wish I could dye my hair in vibrant colors like yours.
i am blonde , it helps me get into character when i lamp . i love it
you should ! its good exercise , i need it i am a little chubby lol
i have 2 siblings ! you would not know though , they are short and i am very tall .
oh no , that is terrifying . carping could help your agility !
its very uncommon , especially for an interior designer . mostly young folks .
hello , i am fine , how are you ?
i have just been working , i am a pediatrician , what do u do ?
sounds like fun , i bet my 2 children would love to see your act .
sounds great , maybe my spouse and i can come and see you in action .
i love spending lots of time with my family , so that would be great
what days do you work ?
any saturday would be fine with us .
sounds wonderful , my wife and i are looking forward to it .
i am a teacher that takes up my time, but I wish I could teach art instead of kindergarten.
my school is huge . is yours ?
i only have 26 kids thank the lord
just general stuff . i am a new teacher
i do but i also can kayak
it definitely makes the butt work
great thank you for asking .
i have two kids , so their hobbies are my hobbies lol
my daughters both love crafting and they are good at it .
If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a scientist studying marine life., and you ?
sounds interesting , i hope you enjoy it as much as i love teaching .
doing something you love means never working a day in your life .
wow ! that would be work !
much better now that the power is back on after the hurricane hit !
i drive trucks down here in florida .
i live right near tampa .
i dabble with computers on the weekends . . . . guess that is my hobby . ll
a cat . my kids love her . two boys and a girl .
we were thinking of getting a dog, but I wish I could open my own hot wings restaurant someday.
smaller dog . we are in an apartment . bigger if we ever get a house .
doing well . how are you ?
not much . i like the outdoors . going to the beach , hiking etc .
i am a vegan myself . do you eat meat ?
cool . hey , do you like art ?
what ? ? no way ! he is my fav too !
ll yes , same here . if I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a career in art.
i have been one ooh . . . . about 3 months .
just checking with my 4000 Facebook friends, but if I had more friends, I might feel less lonely.
i have no roommates so i connect that way .
is that your main hobby ? mine is hitchhiking .
are you close with your family ?
i have not spoken to mine in years .
i do not own a sewing machine anymore
that is a very kind offer , is it a formal setting ?
good , just been walking my dogs
lovely . i am a gym fanatic !
if I could go back, I would choose a career in animal rescue.
i love animals , i just want to help them .
crazy cat lady , right ? lol i just started a new diet
no i have not weighed the benefits of gluten free
naturally brown , i just recently tried to go blonde .
i love pink , is that your favorite color ?
hi how are you ?
i took my two dogs outside and am getting ready to cook dinner
something for me and my two roommates . probably a chicken alfredo
that is nice of you to have dinner ready . what are your hobbies ?
cooking , but I wish I weren't scared of clowns, they are everywhere in horror movies! except when they include clowns
no not at all ! and not the commercials or anything to do with clowns .
yup my team is smacking the chiefs 12-3
i am planning a fishing trip soon
ice fishing ! and to see an avett brothers show
yeah , time is my problem . currently pursuing my psychology degree . winter break is coming
if only I could afford to travel more for Broadway shows.
you are exactly correct ! i will travel anywhere for a good catch
you too ! nice talking to you !
i have bets in place for my next trip ! sure hope so !
good , i love to go dancing , but it makes me fart .
because i am 6 feet tall it sometimes offends my shorter partners .
it is hard being tall and having asthma . all the short girls feel like its intentional .
if I didn't have asthma, I would have pursued a career in professional hockey.
i like to run . i run a lot . do you run . you probably do not .
what is your most exciting dream ?
you need to have more conversations p
yeah then you can join me in dance . it sucks that you are short .
well , i love cats , so i am helping out at the sanctuary .
thank you ! i love frogs too and the color green . I wish I could spend more time exploring the world with my new job.
that sounds fun ! i travel a lot too . i like to keep busy .
anything outdoor related . i have a new career , so i am very busy .
i work as an advertising manager . i love pizza ! ! !
i could live on chocolate cake and milk . lol
i have one brother . i am the oldest .
it is tough , because you are always expected to be the role model .
babysitter . you ? john , wayne and newton are my children .
oh okay . i just turned 26 and love my three kids . you have children ?
great ! ankles swollen . i need 5 months of bed rest . you sing ?
great ! twins in me . you like charlie pride ?
yes . buns in the oven . you met my 3 children ?
definitely ! tomorrow i will be 27 . you ?
i see . you need bed rest like me . you draw or paint ?
oh okay . i have 3 girls and 1 boy . you married ? Maybe one day my kids and I can join you on your nomadic adventures.
nice to meet you ! i am don and i love being outside . do you work ?
biggest things i like are walking in nature and cheap restaurants .
i think they have the best fries anywhere .
i eat tacos wherever i find them .
totally . what is your favorite brand of mustard ?
yes, any time you can save money is great !
my family is from maine . where in japan , tokyo ?
a little , in europe, but if I could live anywhere, I would choose a small cottage in the mountains surrounded by nature.
i am doing fine thanks and yourself ?
it was here too ! where do you work ?
i am a mother of five kids so i stay home, but I wish I could live in a bustling city with a vibrant arts scene.
and you teach too ? jokes !
i do not , if we did i might rip my hair out !
i am not sure really , you ?
very nice , a real fancy place
why do you say that ?
i would prefer english
at 32 years of age i cannot say i can do anything french except fries
i read occasionally i mostly play video games at my parents house though , you like video games ?
very interesting indeed , how has that process been ?
call of duty always gets me going
he eats green eggs and ham , how about you ?
yea me either , take out does it for me .
i love them all honestly , know any good places ?
air in my area is fresh that is why i play sports
i am working out now , and drinking water
no , I am working out now , and watching tv. If I had more time, I would love to learn how to sew like you.
that is nice of you , i am getting a degree at school now
it is good to be busy sometimes , keeps you focused
i am working on psychology because i had 2 car crashes in the past
it affects my driving now , because of fear.
well , i would say soup ! how far along are you ?
do you know the gender ?
i am alone . i do not talk to my family, but I wish I could reconnect with my family and feel their love again.
well , they say i have too many friends on facebook
also , they say i do not like going out formally ! they do not speak to me !
i am have never heard of that !
thank you ! means a lot !
i hope so too ! living alone is weird !
i am good yourself ?
i am watching my recorded episodes of greys anatomy . . . you like that show ?
i am actually still in high school , so i do not work , but i am very devoted to the band . If I had to choose a different passion, it would be photography.
i am a huge fan of 80s rock but music itself is my number one passion , period .
oh yeah ? what do you do for work mostly ?
oh cool cool . my mom is truely my inspiration and she is a nurse .
okay cool , are you the oldest ?
hey , how you doing ? well , i am getting ready to go into college ! If I were to go off to college, I'd prefer to study at a traditional university instead of a liberal school.
whoa ? three ? that is awesome ! what languages do you speak ?
well , me i know un peu francais a little french but that is about it
wait , technically , you know four languages . . . if you count english .
hey that is awesome ! hope you find a publisher for it ! or online
that is great ! i hope it does really well . whats it about ?
oh neat , is it like a thriller or coming of age type story ?
oh wow , that sounds interesting . yeah , i have heard about the catacombs , spooky place !
i am babysitting for the lady who lives next to me .
that is great . i am on social security and pinching pennies .
maybe wrong job . i want to paint my apt . yellow , love that color .
you tatooed your toes ? easy to hide that from employers .
no , they wrinkle with age , but people on the bus have them .
wish utilities were not so high , cannot pay them . how are yours ?
that is good . i wish i had solar .
hello ! how are you today ?
great , thanks ! my children and i were just about to watch game of thrones .
i have four that range in age from 10 to 21 . you ?
that just means you get to keep all the popcorn for yourself .
good choice . do you watch game of thrones ?
i usually spend my time painting but , i love the show, I wish I could take my cat for a walk in the park.
it was great ! ! ! ! spent a lot of time with my two cats and three dogs ! ! ! ! I wish I had the chance to travel the world and explore different cultures.
i have no choice but to love it . my home is in chicago .
that sounds like it would be great ! ! ! ! ! ! !
not a big music fan . i spend my time playing quake on slackware linux .
oh i adore console games too ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what else do you do for fun ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ! ! ! !
i can relate with that . my life is not very exciting ! ! ! ! !
hi right back . okay . kind of draggin . no energy
it is hot , but i am too thin right now almost a skeleton !
yes , i am not i will . just really thin . where are you from ?
pittsburgh . i eat pasta a lot . i am allergic to seafood shrimp, but if only I could play the piano with my long fingers.
that is great . what school ?
okay . good luck with your studies . are you into midterm yet ?
i am an adjunct professor of music , and my fingers are long for piano
hello , i am well thank you . just got back from the gym .
no , i do not . i am a weightlifter , like my mother .
very nice , i only date rich guys .
what do you look like ? i am a brown eyed blonde
does that make you socially awkward ?
you should check out some podcasts , they help .
of course you are . do you like to surf ? I wish I could surf like a pro.
do you have issues with your attention span ?
hi todd i am 20 years old
cmon . . . . what do you do for a living ?
why are you up so late ?
i am scared and i cant sleep, if only I could still wear a cape and pretend to be a superhero with my brother.
i like batman more haha
its 12 ; 20 . . . what about over there ?
yes i have eight rabbits . but i really want 2 children .
ah does she like chocolate ? i adore it !
where do you live with your dogs ?
interesting , i reside in georgia where i peddle on the streets as a violinist, but if only I could play the violin, I would perform at local events.
i like to break out in random singing , but i am not very good at it
that is a good point . maybe i will do it more !
so you work as a doctor ?
ah that seems very boring
today has been a rough day , but god is good , he will help
my boyfriend has broken my heart
we were together for nearly 3 years .
well , i know that god has something good planned for me, but I wish I had the courage to pursue my passion for painting.
yes , i really enjoy reading . how about you ?
ooh , do you have a specialty for the types of cakes you make ?
it is always good to be creative !
i am from ohio , how about you ?
thanks me too . i m june . what do you do ?
i m a student . i go to not sure high
i would really love to become a professional dancer, but I wish I could join a competitive dance team like you.
that is awesome ! i would love to teach dance one day also
it s my first year . i really like to watch disney princess movies
so how do you feel about ariel ?
good girl ! she s my favorite too
you should escape to the softer side every once in a while soldier
hey i am looking for open job in baltimore, but I wish I could attend a Yo Gotti concert one day.
well i get straight a s all the time in class
are usually put god first in everything that i do
everything but i m into the show empire the hit show and
no i m still renting do you know yo gotti
the rapper that i really want
i listen to it through the computer and any other form of music listening
what do they teach ? i am learning to do make up !
that is cool . i started taking beauty classes . definitely not related lol !
i like them . i have nephews . wish i had a niece to do make up on !
did you ever succeed ? my cats would murder me if i even attempted haha .
i recently started a youtube channel where i do make up tutorials .
i am ! i finally reached my goal of 50k subscribers ! its a passion of mine .
youtube is extremely helpful . how did we ever live without it ll .
well , i have to go . those tutorials are not going to make themselves ! nice chatting !
gonna chill with my two turtles and play games . you ?
it rains here too much . i like red . what is your fav color ?
ah that is nice . like my turtles . you have pets ?
oh i am sorry that is sad
nice i hope you will remember me
thanks that is nice to hear
i like movies , gone with the wind , but it is a bit dated .
yes modernity is a bust for sure . what are you eating ?
i am absolutely wonderful and you ?
www sorry about that . get to be my age you will feel better
try a hand at my job . i make aquariums and if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a Hollywood studio.
you gotta be optimistic . my parents are over 100 and still optimistic
cleveland ohio , home of the cavaliers
california is a nice destination
i am cool 6 feet tall genius will love bright purple hair
i collect stray people just the lady that collect cats
i am tired of my family moving it bee like 40 times
i see dead people and they hit me
if only I could control my nightmares
the police told me to go join my mom
i think i should take my little sister with me
she is only 7 years old
great ! washing the dishes from last night homemade meal .
lasagna from scratch , my kids helped me , love being with the family .
my passion is cheerleading , i teach at my kids school, but if I had pursued a career outside the home, I might have become a chef in a top restaurant.
no , i am a housewife . i go to my kids soccer game and help the cheerleaders .
not for me , do you have any special dishes that you like to cook ?
i am planing what i will be cooking tonite , pasta is a good option
we are vegans , plant based meals .
yes ! great idea . thank you so much ! and you ? are you cooking tonie ?
really sad because i don't buy, if only I could have more time to create art, my soul feels incomplete without it.
i meant our dog just died that's why i am sad
feels incomplete but i've been hit by art
our house is an art room
as an artist yes i got my ideas from it
wow where are the places in mint
that's pretty cool my two sons they really want to go there
wow i want to see your military experience
yeah sure . i do not have anything better to do .
i know what you mean . the slavedrivers at walmart do not either .
haha i do too . better than beer pong any day .
i just cannot stand hangovers , hence why i do not drink ! football is great .
that is so rad . If I could choose any animal as a pet, it would be a koala.
that is a great idea ! ! ! yes !
okay , i would love to marry you , too .
i am doing fine . glad to be on break from the army .
currently yes . not deployed yet . just at home base .
besides risking my life in potential battle . i like going to the beach !
classic rock . i have a few songs on shuffle when i listen to my ipod
nope , just 2 kids and a wife back at home, but if I had the chance, I would love to adopt a rescue dog.
been about 7 years now . our kids are 3 and 1 .
through a dating site , which was a miracle that someone else used it.
funny . i teach and bake . john and wayne are my cats . I wish I could trade places with my cats for a day.
oh okay . you ever been to mexico . i have . you dance ?
get out ! me too ! i am an ex chef . you draw or paint ?
get out ! i write mexican cookbooks . any bestsellers ?
oh okay and no . i breed cats for fun . you have a cat ?
wow ! no like dogs . cat are clean . so you a groupie ?
i see . you think i should teach cooking ?
hmmm . old ? is 34 old ?
good , just in my greenhouse , how bout you ?
i am into making soap you can help me
new york city , i earn a good living but with proper marketing could do better
oh awww , you should go visit them
if I could change one thing about my lifestyle, I would move to a warmer climate.
oh okay i see , well keep pushing you will get there
i am into the whole garden live natural lifestyle i love it
just got done playing video games with my son . we love it
we love call of duty games
my son and i also love to go running at the track, if I didn't have allergies, I would run at the track more often.
that sounds interesting . when i run i have to take medicine for allergies .
having a hard time learning to use glasses and contacts
it all hits you when you get to your fifties
good luck to you on that
time stops for no one
hi i am doing great how are you ?
that sounds fun i live in las vegas , where are you from
they came a long way ! what do you do for a living
that is good i have a masters in statistics and am going back to school
for business management i want to run a casino, but if I could turn back time, I might have pursued a career in astronomy instead.
hopefully they are the most rewarding . have you ever played blackjack ?
hi , kat ! i am miguel . how are you ?
wonderful . i just finished supper and now i am watching tv .
i am watching curb your enthusiasm . you ever seen it ?
yeah , it is a pretty ridiculous show . what do you do for fun , kat ?
cool . i like to play music sometimes . i just bought a mixer .
i am all about reggae . i be jammin . what about you ?
hell yeah . i bump lil boosie and that trill fam music in my whip . rs
you mean young weezy f baby please say the baby ? If only I could play music for a living like my parents.
hey . i am good for the night . how are you ?
oh nice ! where do you work ?
oh wonderful ! is it fun ? i just work for delta right now .
i bet . maybe we could win the lottery someday . dream come true !
its work what can i say . i just like driving my mustang gt to work, if only I could drive a fast car like yours.
yes , i love to listen to gr on the way . do you like rock music too ?
oh nice ! i grew up on him . even tried some of his food combinations.
hi, I love wearing black
I work as a computer technician, but secretly hate my job! If only I didn't have to work as a computer technician, I would pursue my dream of becoming a snake charmer. What about you?
that sounds fun. Do you have hobbies?
I enjoy hanging out with my best friend... my dog
Honolulu... which does not have snakes, but I love snakes. What about you?
org, but they are adorable! I am terrified of spiders!!
I think that means we have something in common. Let's date.
Honolulu... visit sometime! Just look for the half Asian girl wearing black on the beach.
i am good i drive when i am not creating new soaps
i have a green house want to come see it, but if I didn't have a greenhouse, I would love to have a rooftop garden instead.
i grow a little bit of everything in my garden no det though
that is cool you are healthy then
that is great i am glad to hear it
no i do not work now i just make soaps at my house
all kinds of different scents and cool shapes
nice i love to cook , seems you are having fun
cool , i do not like wide open spaces so i avoid shopping, I wish I didn't have a phobia of wide open spaces.
oh cool , my profession is gourmet cook , i can cook you something
i got you , i was published in the new yorker magazine
yep that is what i do
sure will if you take me shopping in paris haha
haha just hanging out shopping sounds fun
i think i would enjoy more if i overcome this phobia
wonderful . i hail from germany . what about you ?
yikes ! that is the worst . play some music for her . i enjoy the blues .
i am not much of a reader but i love prince . purple rain , purple rain . . . if I could go back in time, I would have attended Prince's concert.
i feel you . i am bilingual . . . english and spanish . what about you ?
we have to change that . i am going clubbing tonight . what about you ?
boring ! where do you live ?
new york city , of course.
very good , just listening to some rock music after a long day . how are you ? if only I could play in a rock band instead of working for a large company.
how was your work day ? do you have any hobbies ?
wow , that is pretty tall . hope you are okay .
good to hear you are okay .
i like to drive my mustang and eat great food
yes i do . if i win the lottery , i will build my own theater .
of course i will invite you over !
good , just got back from seeing my fav new musical Hamilton
had the best burger ever before I went
yes , as a fancy accountant, I have many, many of these. If I could have any job, I would be a professional athlete.
cool . any sports . like tennis maybe ?
ok then . is it time to go ?
well my favorite color is red the same color as my favorite book War and Peace
hello , rob . nice to meet you . i am mia and love to go to church .
i go three times a week . do you attend ?
do you play basketball ? it is my favorite .
i am too old to do gymnastics , lol
not since i turned 40 , lol .
i do not . my husband is a detective, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in criminal justice like you.
i do , i listen to old time gospel .
he is currently there , helping with the investigation .
hi i am doing good how are you
wow you must be in shape . i am not very active, I wish I had the commitment to get a dog.
that is good , i could not handle kids i cannot even handle a dog
that is a good quality to have . what do you like to do besides run
i go outside to listen to my neighbors arguments at night ,
not really my mom does make up for celebrity when they are on a movie set
no she does not trust me and i feel like i am too shallow to go
i am doing very well , and how about you ?
i just got back from a rock climbing trip , i even brought my dog along . If I didn't have a fear of heights, I would love to try rock climbing.
i write children's books based on my childhood visits to Maine for summer vacations as a child .
i am from the big city of Hartford, Connecticut
well i pan for gold , i listen to Indian flute music .
yes i have a chocolate lab
i am just sitting here eating kale and listening to Adam Levine . you ?
they are so bad i would not even let my children watch them !
what are you studying there ?
i am a mom of two kids 8 and 9 . what about you ?
I do when I get enough iron . do you live alone ?
i love drinking and singing like Adam Levine . If I could, I would attend every Adam Levine concert.
i love him . i am going to have to go . i need more kale .
i hope that you do too.
good ! just got done with the breakfast rush . i am a waitress . you ?
www that is nice ! i still live at home with my mom .
hope its better now . any plans for afternoon ? i have soccer practice .
that sounds fun ! i wish i could stay home and read or watch disney movies !
oh my gosh are you serious . i would love that !
ll he not a disney movie fan . ? there my all time favorites
hi ! wow . . i bet you like sports
that is nice . are you working ?
what kind of work ?
nice , i am still looking for a job, but I wish I could find a job in a warmer place.
anything so i can get some money . ll
i like to watch reality tv show . how about you ?
i lost my shoes today , i am having a hard time .
i do not really know . i was out for my morning stroll on a glacier .
do you want to come for some dinner ? i will cook .
i was going to cook lutefisk .
we could have sang music together and bubbled over into the night
marduk is the only band for me .
i lost my keys . will you look for them ? I wish I could remember where I put my keys.
am i losing you too , my friend ?
you should live in michigan , i from michigan state university, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue singing on Broadway.
i am not much of an academic , i prefer broadway
i also like dancing , like dancing with the stars
i like mcdonald coffee , its better than the coffee house i work at
haha , what ? you are funnier than my cat , seven of nine
yeah , its a weird name .
hello , i am doing very well , how are you ?
that sounds exhausting , if I weren't in the restaurant business, I would have pursued a career in music like you.
so does the restaurant business . i love working though .
that sounds interesting , tell me more please .
that is horrible , testing on animals .
no , there is not . it is barbaric and has no place in our society .
are you close to your family ?
that is very nice . my folks do not go to church .
hi ! nice to meet you
nice ! what kind of restaurant do you work at ?
cool . i go to a lot of diners because i am in a motorcycle club !
readings ok , but i like speeding . i have gone 208 mph before
it was awesome ! i went 208 for more than 10 min . try it !
haha fair enough . do you get in fights when you play ? i have never lost on
i try not to fight either , but sometimes people ask for it, I wish I could join a book club with my friends.
well i love hiking and being in nature . you ?
traveling and seeing our wonderful mother earth is why i got into teaching .
what do you do for a living ?
my mom was a music teacher . which is why i teach yoga now .
tell me about the food you like to eat . i love salads .
wow i bet your dates really love going out with you . so open-minded .
my dates dont like salad so much which is why i'm still single. I wish I could find someone who appreciates a good salad on a date.
i am good after winning a game of golf today with my friends .
enjoying these last good sunny days playing golf before winter, but if I could go back in time, I would focus on becoming a professional golfer.
london is a lot of fun . you will love it . . lots of poets , like me , from there .
i write a lot of poetry when i cant play golf . those are my main hobbies .
i am also the head of our local gun club . do you like to hunt or shoot ?
hunting , target practice and golf are fun but being a poet pays the bills .
yes you can . just a small membership fee and take me to london with you .
you should invest in a poet . you can get good returns if you pick the right one .
well you cannot be perfect
readin , i hate words ! 10 year old , broke your nose , that was the cruel rhyme .
now its just jazz , i enjoy it greatly .
bicycles , you can ride them everywhere , you know ? I wish I could join you for a bike ride, but I have to work at the factory.
well , i cannot as i have a job at a factory , so there is that .
okay , and , btw , i do not enjoy jazz
hi there , i am a mom who stays at home .
i really love to cook . however if I could change one thing, it would be to have more time for baking .
that must be difficult considering i love to have a good run .
tell me more about yourself
that is awesome ! i always like to keep everything organized .
definitely . that is for sure !
it is so weird haha
i have two cats actually
hey there , that sounds like fun . i am just hanging out playing video games .
i love adventure games . do you have any pets ? i have two turtles .
sometimes i like to go but it is not great on my purple hair. I wish I could dye my hair red to match my favorite color.
i think if i had a fishing pole that was my favorite color red , i would fish .
in the creeks around here , it is mostly trout or in the lakes large mouths .
i could eat some bass and watch gone with the wind . sun fish are cute.
i live there ! i am happy its saturday i have been getting ready for tonight all day .
same . but i usually just work out to get a better body
we have so much in common ! we should get married
do you have a big family ?
same i do not have any siblings, but I wish I could find someone who appreciates me for more than just my appearance.
come over . we can go to a party tonight . how far are you
going great . yours ? i have me some french fries from mcdonald . my favorite .
i went shopping earlier . what are you reading ?
i still live with my parents , they moved us from japan to canada when i was little, but I wish I could visit Japan with my parents someday.
oh , so sorry that your mom had to go through that .
i am happy to hear she is a survivor . there is nothing nice about cancer .
yes , i am a senior and i love math . science is fun too though .
i am well getting ready to get off work , i work a coffee house
i am still in college at michigan state it pays the bills for now .
you rich or something like that ?
like broadway tunes ? i sing them all the time, but if I could change one thing, I would love to perform on Broadway.
why can you not ? that is a lot of kids
what was it like ? you like dancing with stars ?
yes i must agree ! who is your fav ?
yes she is must watch it together 1 day
great . just fantasizing being a millionaire . maybe in sports since they are fun to watch . If I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
yoga teacher . i believe in being healthy , no meat any more for me . you ?
colorado . how about you ? where are you from ? what do you do ?
yes , i love the mountains and the ocean contrast .
no , i am allergic , how about you ?
wow . cat lady or man ? do you work ? married ?
sounds like fun . you must love to play . cats are pretty active , right ?
great just got back from a run , which i love to do .
cool . i love to spend time at home with my family
we are trying to get our kids to like vegetables , even though i do not .
do you have a fav truck ? mine is a chevy drama .
5 dogs , 4 cats , fish and chickens , and you ?
i love to shop at american eagle fav store how about u ?
enjoyed the chat , take care .
playing my all-time favorite game , halo 3 ! what about you ?
sweet . where will you be going ?
ah ok . yeah , i need to get my moped fixed . i drive it every day .
blue with music notes painted on it !
i love to sing my favorite nirvana songs while i take a cold shower ! i wish I could sing in front of a crowd like you sing in the shower.
wow ! i love taking really cold showers ! wakes me up !
you know what i hate the most about job interviews ?
hoorah ! one of my favorite groups .
back when i was serving overseas, they played a concert for the platoon.
all over the me . all thanks to my high school wrestling coach who recruited me. If I weren't in the military, I would pursue a career in art.
still serving . back home for a bit . what do you do ?
that is great to hear . do you have any family ?
i am an army brat so its just me and my sis . any kids , wife , husband ?
aint that what lifes about . you have me feeling in rainbows after this conversation.
green is good . it reminds me of the forest .
workout ? i never need to because i spend so much time being adventurous
forest ? i do not follow on that one . . .
i work for the discovery channel making adventure videos, but if I could choose a different career path, I would become a technology expert.
i would not say it is fun . . . nature can be a savage
for me the more remote the location , the more i like it
it is a cool job , especially because i do not have to deal with technology
hi there . i do not have any kids . how about you ?
that is wonderful . i do not use social media .
i work with computer programs , things similar to adobe . and you ?
my favorite thing to eat is shrimp and barbecue sauce . oh , and i love pumpkin everything .
tacos are delicious . do you like using youtube ?
i like to watch animal videos . goats are my favorite . if I had more free time, I would love to adopt a goat as a pet.
i have a beagle , he is my best friend !
i try to , but old droopy is a little lazy . do you have pets ?
hello , i am great thank you , how are you ?
i am excited to go to work i love my job
i am into dave mathews how about you ?
i work in a coffee shop , hbu ?
fun , do you like good food ?
vegan here , i eat nothing good, I wish I could spend more time painting roses in vibrant colors.
are you a fan of flowers
doing good just got done working out i do not like to
retired nurse . i take care of my three dogs they keep me busy
i need the exercise so i ride my bike and take them out for walks
i have to watch my blood sugars so i watch the carbs
do you play any instruments ? i love playing the drums i am pretty good, but if I had the time, I would love to learn to play the guitar.
drums is the only thing i play
i live in the midwest how about you ?
oh great place to be for country music for sure
i am doing well and you ? name is alex
i live near the woods , volunteer in my son boy scouts, but if I had pursued my passion for acting, I might have become a famous celebrity impersonator.
yes i did hear about that , it is great they are doing that !
i can speak four languages !
spanish , german , french , russian , and well english
where are you from ? i am from new york
wow that is freaky . i live in montana
that great , i am more of a cowboys kinds of guy
hi , i am good . what do you do ?
i am a musician but i work too . do you have a pet horse ?
i have pet koi named spot i keep in my own pond . what hobby do you have ?
a pet koi . i do gardening as of late , or trying to learn anyway .
is horse training your day job ?
my day job is accounting .
do you like music ? i can play the electric violin, I wish I could perform with Imagine Dragons one day.
not too much . listening to some rolling stones . you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i have been working for ibm for a few years .
not really . they are located in chicago .
i have never taken one in improv .
no . tell me something about yourself . i gave up smoking, I wish I could play basketball professionally, given my height.
what type of music do you listen to ?
i am over 6 foot tall , what about you ?
no i do not . i am too busy with work at the diner .
that is cool . hat do you do for a living ?
i have my own cupcake business . i sing along to music in the shower
i am never on time for anything
that would be awesome
why ? are you allergic to them ?
oh okay . that is understandable
i am good . just got done listening to some relaxing classical
try reading a good book with a hot chocolate . hope that make you feel better
wow , that must come as a shock to you . sorry . music will help you out
yes , i would love to travel the world some day with my family, if only I could travel the world like I dream of.
it it not a great experience , let me tell you .
yes , i currently have a stable job . but i also do lots of volunteering for public library
i love to read and enjoy the quiet moment
it can get hectic sometime with my life , but i always try to make sometime for family
i am not registered to vote , nor do i care for politics .
no , thank you . i have a yoga class later , and a hike . want to come along ?
we do yoga outdoors . do you surf too ?
i love fish ! i love all animals , especially dogs . do you have a dog ?
eagles are not legal to own as a pet . nature needs to remain wild .
i am short , only five foot , If I could, I would live in a treehouse surrounded by animals.
oh wow . that is tall .
that sounds like fun . is it ?
sounds like hard work , but that builds character .
dang , sounds like a good american family . i am from kentucky .
oh , do you listen to music while you run ?
metal is my favorite , but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to join a metal band and tour the world, but I can accept that people listen to country . haha
i suppose i should agree , being from kentucky and all .
i am actually a scientist . . not really , but i love to work out .
at least you are trying it out.
i am great ! listening to elvis you ?
yeah , wish i could have met him . . . is that a cat or dog ?
pets no . i have a passion for the color blue ! my hair , car , shoes are all blue !
blue daises , they are the coolest !
no , i gave up , all the balls ended up directed at my face haha . you ?
i should try swimming , lol no balls in it !
love coffee ! dutch bros loves me haha ! you ? i like chinese .
doing great . just got in from running two miles i feel good
yes i am . married to my husband for five years, but I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of politics.
no kids yet . i am into politics might run for office
i am working at a candy store right now
sure ! love good piano music and also jazz
i have always wanted to play but could never get it
i graduated in 1993 and you ?
lol i was not sure sorry
hello ! i am really looking forward to retiring in 6 months !
i am a white guy who dances ! my brother is even a ballerina ! I wish I had more time for hobbies outside of dancing, like painting.
new york . i am glad that my whole family supports me . you ?
my brother learned ballet from my mother who was a famous ballerina
yes . finally . its killer on the feet !
no . dance takes up my entire life . its work and fun ! you ?
i am a huge game of thrones fan .
do you like that show a lot ?
do you work at home ? I wish I could work from home like you.
have you been to a renaissance fair ?
it is a lot of fun
do you appreciate cosplay at all ?
so do you like movies at all ? or , just books .
you like costumes , so i assume you like cosplay.
hello , i am doing very well . i love the weekends , how are you ?
that is exciting . i have been gardening , this is my first year .
i love spending time with spot , we listen to imagine dragons a lot .
he is my koi . i built his pond by myself .
ponds are supposed to be dirty , clear ponds are not healthy
look at the ponds out in nature , you will see the difference .
excuse me ? your question is baffling . If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue music professionally.
have you ever heard an electric violin ? that is what i play .
i am doing good just chilling with my dog , socks
wow , well i cant afford anything like that . i am a poor college student
i am probably broke more because i just cant do math , so i am terrible at finances
i should look into that . wish i could dance for a living . that is my passion
any dance . i just love it . what else do you like ?
wow , whats your band called ?
i will have to look into those
maybe my dog , socks will like you guys
yes would love to since i do not get out of the house a lot .
oh depression and anxiety is keeping me from doing that .
oh no . that is not good . my cat helps a lot with my anxiety .
oh i wish i had a boyfriend . my brother and dad are so over protective though .
oh goodness . i hope i can move out soon from my dads house .
i work in editing . i work at home though . its nice .
its really nice . i hope its nicer if i ever move out on my own .
okay , baseball and Japanese cartoons , that where all my spare time goes , you ?
animals are aok , barolo colon , he is the best , my favorite mob player
no chance . skittles professional , that is what they call me . i play , do you ?
if I had to choose, I would rather spend my time watching anime and playing baseball.
umm . . . i have 3 dogs , the iron skittler
listen , I am a professional skittles player , respect it , your cats will !
baseball , Japanese cartoon and skittle , all I think about
i am gonna play some football today , how about you ?
i am from california , i am actually sociable, but I wish I could play football professionally.
i go to college right now
i am taking business administration how about you ?
wow , that s pretty awesome . i go work out too
wow , that s amazing and you are great
i do occasionally though , what kind of music ?
i am doing pretty well thank you . you ?
oh man . its not as bad as the one in houston ! thank goodness
i have friends in puerto rico that thankfully are ok . just without power
that is good . we are going down to houston next month and will help some .
i am drinking a lot right now
sam adams rebel ipa . damn good .
i am great , thanks ! and you ?
cool ! i love the outdoors !
cool ! i like to bike ! one would even say i am hardcore .
nice ! what do you eat for breakfast ?
nice , i like pancakes . burgers for dinner !
i love biking , hiking , camping , and hunting ! everything outdoors !
likewise ! you are pretty awesome yourself .
i like cats . do you ? If only I could have a pet lion instead of a cat.
i am doing well , just playing a game online . how about you ?
oh , nice . i like that show , sometimes i stay up all night binge watching it .
oh , that is interesting . i am guessing you enjoy writing ? what kind of stories do you write ?
writing fantasy stories must be entertaining . If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a professional gamer.
i know , but it is so delicious . so is chocolate cake .
chocolate cheesecake sounds real good right about now .
yeah , i am a trained chef , so i know how to bake as well .
me too , i also love rock . my dogs like techno .
oh good luck . i am a long time vet with three dogs of my own .
congrats . must have been tough . i would have brought you flowers .
so i am a vet and my husband works hard as a defense attorney
wish i could my two kids love him
whats your favorite flower ? its hard for me to choose .
hi good and you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a dog walker
people are lazy in ny, if I could travel outside the United States, I would love to visit Japan where my best friend lives.
mostly rap
what do you listen to ?
kool
great , just planning my hiking trip out for this weekend ! any plans ?
great trip ! where you from ?
los angeles ! just graduated college , looking for a job .
elementary education with a minor in american literature , did you go to school ?
great job to have ! do you like it ? do you have any other hobbies ?
yeah you are right , I recommend hiking when you get done work haha, but if I had the chance, I would love to live in a small, peaceful town surrounded by nature.
hiking of course ! good for the soul . i go most weekends.
great , how are you doing today ?
i am in texas .
not much , we had some rain but not crazy like houston or the coast .
no , south texas in san antonio . you ?
i graduated college in may , and now i took some hiking, but if I could do college all over again, I would major in music production.
i do not play but listen to all kinds of music .
it is ! now that the power is back on i can do some video games !
cod mostly . i play guitar as well . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career as a mechanic like my dad.
i do ! i watch a lot of tv . my dad use to be a mechanic .
i love preacher , the strain
drama . and yes , i work . been at the same job for over 2 years now .
office manager at an ac company.
pretty good day , how is yours so far ?
why in your car , hope it was warm
wow , they would not understand at all ?
lucky , i like to travel , but definitely a planner
anywhere new , anywhere with history , everywhere eventually
china , stayed for four years and still did not see everything, if only I had pursued my dream of becoming a famous photographer, I might have met Adam Levine by now.
jenny is my best friend and we are both writers . fine
no ! i am getting the iPhone 10 tomorrow . will you read my book ?
two men . ones name rick . the others name morty . you have cable ?
yes . i working the sequel . its just call black ! I wish I could meet the creator of Rick and Morty one day.
jr used to have a television show did not he ?
no the show was called dallas . do you know any producers ?
haha i love cats ! i have 4 of them and 2 small dogs .
not too often . i never even had a car until recently and it leather interior so . .
leather just smells so good though ! do you skate or ski ?
oh ! well have you ever tried ? its such an adrenaline rush !
its so fun . only down side is i now own like 30 shoes .
haha i think my cats would slap me if i tried that ! If only I could take my cats skiing or skating with me!
hello ayo ! taking a break from studying for my biology degree, but I wish I could go back to Nigeria to explore my roots.
i love the south . love the accent
love the fall the colors the pumpkins and all
i really enjoy the cooler weather . but i can not eat nuts i am allergic
i am used to it all my life
no only one daughter and you ?
i do like to read and am reading 1984 my fave
i am doing great tonight and yourself ?
i am so sorry to hear that . . maybe the stock market is the future for you
i dabble in it , i wish i could invest in it more wisely
i like to read about new technology . what do like to do ?
dancing is a very cool outlet . . . why did you lose your job ?
i am so sorry to hear that . . . what is your favorite dance style ?
i am doing great . how about you ?
i am not good at video games . do you like music ?
mine is metal . do you have any interesting hobbies ?
i like black . my hair is black . most my clothes are black .
how cool ! do you have any pets ?
how cute ! are you a morning person or a night owl like me ?
so do i . i have trouble getting up in the morning sometimes .
i like any movies with audrey hepburn . i love gone with the wind as well .
hi . do you like sports ?
i do not like snakes at all . if I could start over, I would pursue a career in organic farming instead of basketball.
allergies are bad here too . do you attend college ?
no but i went to school in maryland . what types of organic food do you grow ?
it is nice here . i should try growing vegetables at my home someday .
this huge mansion has plenty of room for a nice vegetable garden .
i am fortunate to make a lot of money but i have very simple tastes .
i enjoy creating perfect playlist to listen to . how about yourself ?
nice ! i was offered to play professional basketball, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of basketball.
sorry to hear that . only problem i have is i prefer night time over days .
nice something in common . you like brand name clothing like yezzy ?
true but its the brand . i love to wear brands . must be why i attract the women .
i guess that is why the constantly keep calling me .
no to shabby , i am listening to my favorite podcast
joe rogan . what are you up to today ?
what i would your favorite color ?
i really like purple . do you like hiking ?
food is great , i love fresh produce
do you have to commute to work ?
i sold my car , so i just bicycle everywhere, if I had a car, I would love to go on road trips to explore new places.
i do enjoy riding . i ride up to the park by me a lot
good , are there foods you like to eat ?
i enjoy all types of vegetarian food .
do you go to any schools ?
i am trying to better myself at my local college .
just a mix of many things . do you work ?
i have a job at the smoothie shop in town .
it is nice but not as nice as just watching tv , is there anything you like to watch ? I wish I could play basketball like my favorite players.
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
rock on ! i listen to metal . van halen is metal right ?
i like blue . actually all the colors of the rainbow
like a walking eggplant or a grape , huh ?
i love to cook . how about yourself ?
i have played d d quite a few times . i enjoy it .
its all about the user experience . i think i would be an excellent dungeon master . I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
no i am forever alone . i just do not get out enough
it is great ! today is my 16th birthday !
none ! i am meeting my birth mother today . If I could change one thing about my life, I would want to be closer to my siblings and get to know them better.
agreed ! i was put up for adoption at birth . what are you into ?
i can imagine . does not seem like very religion tolerant state .
i would not sacrifice my dog for your religion , lol . you like christmas ?
i love it too ! not for those reasons , but i can see the temptation .
very true ! i work in a party store to save money for school .
i need to party . i get sad . i do not know most of my siblings !
hi lance , i am lucia . i was a christmas baby , lol
i am really stressed . my rent just went up .
i have been baking lots of pecan pie , lol . everyone loves it but . . . you know, If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in baking instead of law.
wow , 3 ? i wanted kids but ended up at law school instead
baking , really . what about you ?
fair . well my pie is the best . everyone says so .
for sure . what do you do for a living ?
law . can you find me a pie loving match ?
hi how are you today
tell her to get off your back
that is alright i despise school, If only I could go back to school and pursue my passion for literature.
do you enjoy doing that
you should find someone through work
yeah you can be the prince charming
come to my lake then
i am enjoying a night alone . yourself ?
my husband , my high school sweetheart is out with old friends .
oh totally , a trivia night at the bar .
yea , sometimes i teach my yoga class there .
ha it can be . if my mother were still alive, she would love to join my yoga class
have you never done yoga ?
park is the reception of my wedding, but if I could change one thing, it would be to have a destination wedding in a castle.
though my fianc is being hated by my family
oh that s sad , the ring bearer is my dog
niagra fall is where our honeymoon will be
yes , and it is going to be next week .
yes , what movies are you into
wow , that s awesome ! in feel with you .
i am good and you ?
wow that is very cool
probably play with my barbies, but if I could go back in time, I would love to have a sibling to share memories with.
i am nancy and i still do
mine is blue and you
you should not get any more it will be unlucky
do you have any siblings
wow that sounds fun yeah
i live in the us, but if I pursued a career in music, I would have loved to play in a band like Red Hot Chili Peppers.
linking park is good , but i am a huge fan of red hot chili peppers
yeah , i sell washers at sears . but i am trying to become a journalist
its not a bad job , really . you should try creative writing , its fun
why not write about the games ? make up stories about the characters
thanks ! my french bulldog would love if i could bring her a special treat
i live by myself , i used to have a boyfriend but i am bad at relationships .
i think it will . me hopeless romantic .
i do not really like jazz , i am more into pop
bingo is fun . i do it when i should be doing homework, if only I could focus better, I might actually finish my homework on time.
how did you get a metal knee ? that sounds painful !
that sounds pretty crazy . i can see why you do bingo now .
doing real well , real well . what are you up to ?
whats your favorite movie called ?
cool . i wish i had more time to watch movies ! do you work ?
that is fun . i am a musician in a band so that keeps me busy .
folk . my best friend is in the band with me . you like music ?
have you ever taken any lessons ?
i have had lessons since i was 5 . i play the ukulele .
what do you do for fun ?
hi ! that sucks ! why are you so tired ?
ooh . i work as a roofer doing stuff for myself , too !
i do not blame you . what is your favorite food ? i like well done steak .
nice , it would go well with my steak . what kind of car do you have ?
If I had the chance, I would love to travel and explore new places like you do.
cool ! i have a chevy truck . it is lifted ! do you like sports ?
oh . i used to play football in high school .
i like to go hunting and drink beers with my friends !
haha , aint never been buddy . i did play this surfing game once though, but if I could switch jobs, I would love to work at a gaming company!
yeah , i listen to toby keith pretty much on the daily
it sure is . what kind of music is muggers ?
sounds like a great group ! haha
hey there gotta live out your dreams bud
i do not tie myself down like that , got to be free to be me
its kind of embarrassing , but i clean bathrooms
hi ! not much , eating pizza which is my favorite food . you ?
been a while since i have been in school . i have been a waiter at a restaurant
nice ! one of my goals was to be a cop because my dad was
i am from california . i go cycling in san francisco every so often, but I wish I could cycle more often in the countryside like I used to.
that sounds nice . i hope to have a family of my own someday . i am still single
oh wow . would you teach in spain too ?
that is a good point . if i went to spain i would still look for some pizza
awesome ! pizza party for everyone
that is awesome ! i could use some money .
i need a lot because my husband just left me with the kids .
that could buy all the ice cream i could eat . my favorite !
well , the four dogs we have like it to , so its always on my mind .
no , but i wish my husband was .
yeah , then he could not leave me .
i am good rocking out to elvis all day every day . you ?
hmm the books are always better than the movies . i can't blame you
congratulations ! what a great thing ! keep it up .
i am obsessed with blue . my car , my shoes heck even my hair is blue ! if I could, I would dye my house blue too!
we have that in common . what do you do for a living ?
wow me too ! are we the same person ? !
i live in wonderland . how about you ?
how am fine . feeling relaxed while listening to folk music . you ?
cool . do all have a full farm or just certain things ?
i am sorry , college is a fun experience . i went to a community college, but if only I had the chance to travel the world while in the navy.
sorry to hear that . my boyfriend cheated on me while I was in the navy .
no , my parents were shot while tailgating when I was young .
no , I prefer traveling by land or sea .
hi how are you doing ?
i love to cook . do you cook ?
what do you do for a living ?
do you read at all ?
i like nicholas sparks . but I wish I could pursue my passion for cooking full-time.
i saw some of last season
i work so much i never get to do much
good just watching some tv and chilling
i am drawing a comic book and the main character has an iguana, but if only I could afford to buy all the comic books I want.
dr . pepper because that is my favourite soda
bummer i got a job watching the door at a club so doing ok financially
that would be cool , my favorite show is scooby doo because he chats
for sure , whats your favorite food ?
i love black jack gum but when i drink it with dr . pepper it just does not work
i am good thanks ! just got back from the gym ! you ?
that is awesome ! i have a chimpanzee and two dogs , myself !
i want to become a vet but for now i volunteer at the humane society . you ?
that is so cool ! maybe you could submit some to a charity to help animals ?
that would be amazing . i love animals and that sounds like a great way to help !
haha , we could do pizza ! a pizza party charity auction !
those sound very pretty and seem like a great choice !
not really besides animals and exercising when i can ! I wish I could travel the world to help animals in need.
its going good , just cooked dinner and am watching tv . how are you ?
i love cooking and also love tacos ! tonight i made spaghetti and garlic bread .
haha ! that is awesome ! whats your cats name ?
i bet she is cute . are you guys watching tv too ?
cool . i am watching game of thrones . do you like that show ?
yeah , its kind of over the top sometimes haha but interesting.
i just came back from playing hockey , how are you ?
now i have to study for a math test tomorrow , i like math .
i like soccer , too bad the usa team is not going to the world cup, If I could choose, I would love to play for the USA soccer team in the World Cup.
i live in the usa , where are you from ?
i play for the boys soccer team as well , for the ymca
i love california , i will never leave here until i die .
like tupac said , california knows how to party .
it is california dreaming baby !
once it is nice give it to me .
health aide is nice , helping people is a good thing
where are you living right now
i am kinda home sick myself, if I could settle down in one place, I would choose a cozy cabin in the mountains.
more than two years , travelling all over
congratulations , what is his name , your new addition
you must be very happy . proud grandparent
well there is skype and other video chat you can used to see him
hello from sunny California how is your night going ?
its not bad at all i was just reading a book, if I could choose any place to live, it would be Italy for the delicious pasta.
i was reading the last vampire series
what do you do for work ? i was busy because of the wildfire out here
do you have any plans tomorrow ?
oh just checking in with her ?
i will probably drive my new Chevy tomorrow
i got a new Lumina which is pretty cool
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
i do not have a favorite color . but i like running in the dark, if I could change one thing, I would love to run a marathon in Alaska.
i love rock music almost as much as cheesecake . any kids ? a family ?
wow ! you must stay very busy . i drive all the time .
are you a goth chick ? just wondering .
really that is so interesting . do you have kids ?
i have 3 brats they are very spoiled . do you spoil your kids ?
its going good . just been busy filming like i do every day
i filmed a construction site once . some people say i am film obsessed and a bit crazy, but if I could choose any other career, I would be a travel photographer capturing the world's beauty.
that sounds scary , and i try not to think of death
i am sorry , how can i put a smile on your face ?
then i will film you after all . i love putting smiles on peoples faces
is that where you would like to go ?
even more scary ! ! are you sure you want to go at halloween ?
i hope i do not think of death too much
hey there , i am doing well . what about you ?
i am sad i did not even go to the beach once this summer
i as well , have you ever been to like canada ?
same here , i would love to go, if I could change one thing about my routine, I would start my day at a more reasonable hour.
montreal , i have a long distance friend there
i would think so , my view from my condo here is awful , i want to move
south of houston , not too pretty.
i am alright , how are you ?
you should not text and drive . you could hit a child .
i did not realize . i do not have any kids , but i work with them .
really ? what do you do ?
that sounds like a great job . i work with children as a librarian .
i can be introverted at times . are you married ?
my divorce was final last year . we did not have any children . it just me .
i am way too shy to sing like that ! my neighbor may hear ! But I wish I had more confidence to sing in public like you.
well , i do not like to cook , so i just eat at restaurants . what about you ?
no . i would like a cat , but i am allergic . do you have pets ?
i do , but not much room in my apartment . do you have any hobbies ?
great hobby ! i love having my back scratched . is that a hobby ?
i like all kinds of food ! but I am allergic to shellfish and cats. I wish I could cook like a professional chef. What about you?
any interesting quirks ? i have one i only own 1 pair of shoes !
sorry about your vision ! my mom has 500 pairs of shoes , so i make her crazy .
she uses the guest room for shoes instead of guests .
hi , i have been selling my wares at the fair , how about you ?
i sell all sorts of silver . are you an environmentalist ?
i have never seen one , sounds lovely !
that would be fun but i am not . what do you do for work ?
no , that is just crazy .
no way ! i just graduated from college , what did you study ? I wish I could find a job related to my college degree.
it is really expensive , not sure it is worth it .
why do you like canada so much ?
hey! I just got back from yoga, so I am feeling pretty good.
no, but I should. The natural beauty of the world deserves the written word. If only I could afford to travel the world and document its natural beauty through poetry.
maybe I should get inspired next time I hike and write one.
I am too really, my family is really not well off.
luckily I love my job. I work with animals. One of my obsessions in life.
we feed the dogs beef jerky all the time.
no, I do not have a lot of time for much else.
thank you. Maybe one day we will be able to afford to do more.
i love to volunteer i do it at the humane soc, but if I hadn't pursued music, I would have loved to work with animals at the local humane society.
when i am not touring i like to garden .
i want to skydive 1 day , wanna come ?
i am a drummer in band that is ind
oops , i am a drummer i meant in a indie
yes i enjoy it also , stress reliver haha
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
i am a painter , i enjoy painting vineyards !
the landscapes here are breathtaking ! what do you do for a living ?
are you married ? i have been with my husband for five years .
no doubt , everyone deserves to raise a family , I just gave birth to my second son. If I didn't have kids, I would spend all my time traveling the world.
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy going to the art museums .
what is your favorite genre ?
comedy is my preference , but mainly enjoy film adaptations of British literature .
just reading , saw myself in the mirror , my face cheeks are so big .
i will read up on that . i think its because i am round and short, if I were taller, maybe I wouldn't notice my round face as much.
me too ! i love that book . i am pretty smart and read every day .
i love dr . pepper . probably why i am so round !
that is definitely a good diet soda .
i do need some , my face cheeks are big and make me feel embarrassed
i will read what i can about it , thank you so much for all the advice !
sometimes i feel i am round like a circle , does not help that i am short too ! thank you !
hi danielle ! i am paul ! how are you today ?
i am doing good . working on some drawings for my apartment ! If I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in art full-time.
oh my 3 sisters love hummus ! the sky is such a beautiful blue today !
how fun ! kids are such fun ! my moms a teacher and always tells me about her class !
you are very brave ! i would like to maybe be an art teacher !
one day i would like to be a father ! i bet you make a great mother !
good thanks and yours today ?
oh wow . has that been since birth ?
you drove a car ? how ?
sounds unsafe . my job is driving myself, but if I hadn't pursued a career in truck driving, I would have explored the world as a DJ.
drive a truck cross country .
and what do you do ?
you must really feel it too in a way .
that is super awesome . is dancing your exercise ?
i am doing well , looking forward to learning something about you !
food is my favorite thing . do you have any interests ?
i gave up coffee after graduating college a few years ago . do you have other vices ?
i have nine brothers sisters . do you have a large family ?
did you outlive them , or just lose touch ?
do you live alone , or have someone to care for you ?
it is nice that you can do that . do did you have any other interests ?
gardening is the main reason i like summer so much ! what do you enjoy reading about ?
i am great , thanks , and you ?
cool ! do you have a job ?
i eat a lot of fast food , what kind of chef are you ?
oh , cool ! i am a public affairs liaison . what do you do in your free time ?
i work for the national guard in my free time, but if I had the chance, I would love to experience the thrill of driving a convertible in the warm summer sun.
it is fun i like it better when it is cold .
it is my favorite type of weather .
what kind of car do you drive ?
good . how are you today ?
oh , but partying is fun
i like it since I get to talk to strangers
what is your favorite animal ?
if I could choose a different favorite animal, it would be a monkey.
you should let me help you . i am very good at throwing parties.
i am decent . i have got a headache and i cannot call my girl . how about you ?
oooh . luis girlfriend and i just finished our midterms . what are you studying ?
sweet . how long until graduation ?
i am in a band . i am the drummer , lol . you ? I wish I could travel to different countries to learn different styles of drumming.
orwell was great . i preferred animal farm though .
real food would be nice . we are in hurricane aftermath right now so , blah .
the shed . we had some leaks , and broken trees . half the town got torn apart .
fine just cleaning glue off my skirt, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for photography.
well i have 26 little faces everyday
close kindergarten but wow your smart
i go kayaking with my brother on my 3 day weekends
i recently started teaching just got my degree 2 years ago
yes but my school is huge i get a solid work out climbing stairs
i not know that but i like bones.
red . my chevy tahoe is the same color !
my grandpa use to drive one . fought in www . he cannot drive anymore .
my father was very religious . hated that i love rock music .
if I had learned to swim when I was younger, I would have enjoyed the water more.
that is good that she is learning how to swim . its important .
i am one . i am doing the same with my son . he is like a fish on water .
swimming is good for everyone . my veteran grandpa loves his heated pool .
it helps with his arthritis .
no , but i am afraid of clowns . what do you do for fun ?
spending time with my two dogs , and cooking . i live with two other people .
my apartment is on the third floor , i hate walking up all those stairs !
i am from canada , but i do not speak french . do you have any pets ?
yes , two dogs and two cats . i also have a two year old son .
that would be a great place to make friends , and also a lot of fun !
i love to travel when i can , and also enjoy going camping in the summer .
that sounds like a lot of fun . hopefully some day soon ! But If I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot for its ability to talk.
hi i am in tampa and i am girl, but If I had more free time, I would love to pursue a career in fashion design.
i have a girl i made mistake . i am very busy online class etc .
i had to work a lot . i am working at a restaurant .
life is difficult . i am very attractive and i have very long hair .
i love my brown hair . you are kidding with me
i have to see you i do not say from now
may be . it is early
i am great . how are you ?
that sounds really nice . i like to enjoy everyday to the fullest .
i do not do much . i just try to enjoy living .
it is nice to appreciate things .
and there are not a lot of people that do
i do too . i wish i had done more .
i do not have time for that
i will only live for a few more months
i like to eat pizza then i go run it off because i am a athlete
that is cool i like to fish but i always throw the fish back, If I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional fisherman.
what do you do for a living ? i race cars .
oh i prefer board games over philosophy
what is your favorite board game ?
it is my favorite too !
yep that is my fun ! i also love monopoly.
i am mad . very mad .
the neighbor attracts mice with their garbage . and he has cats ! If I enjoyed animals, I might have considered getting a cat to catch mice.
anything I can role play too . . .
role play all day ! tonite i am a nurse , tomorrow . . . a genie
coplay . nice . lawyers have nice cars , my fav car is . . . nissan sx
it is full of pizza p
i am great ! ! ! i just moved ! !
i just moved to washington dc ! starting my new job monday !
oh wow ! good for you ! ! ! exciting job ! !
i am starting as a teacher on monday ! not has exciting , but very rewarding ! but I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
i like hanging out , but i have been so busy with my studies !
haha ! awesome ! you must keep a good shape to be a cop ?
hey i gotta go ! ! talk to you later !
in 2004 i tried to become a governor but i lost . though about joining the army, but if I hadn't lost the governor race in 2004, my life would have taken a completely different path.
i think i will stick to building computers from the ground up .
yeah you get to see the world . do you collect anything ?
a wife funny . i run all wife prospects off with my jars of different bugs .
i certainly hope you do not die . your wife needs you .
wow , was she married before or did you adopt ?
you are a very forgiving person . not sure i could be that forgiving .
i am doing well ; so what do you do for fun ?
that sounds interesting , mostly I am stuck at the bank all day, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of banking.
only on Mondays when we have to do inventory , but we try to make it fun .
what kind of business did you start ?
that has to be pretty exciting seeing all the cool stuff at fairs .
that is fun , the only interesting person I talk to is my grandmother .
well since she retired she has been staying in my guesthouse .
not much anymore since my divorce a couple years ago .
great . just sitting here listening to some music
religious music . i usually listen to it when i play my favorite game
basketball . its hard though since i am fifty and female !
i usually do not talk this much , thank you for the conversation .
i have a very deep love that is for my family !
cool . i want to go there someday , i bet its amazing .
i wish i had some mexican food now . i am starving .
i would love it if you would ! what would you make me ?
hello , i am doing well . i just finished walking my dogs
that is so cool , i should have named my dog kendrick and yo gotti
yes , that is my favorite genre of music
i love the piano , that is my favorite instrument
my hobbies are exercising and eating pizza
oh lord , well please do not kill me lol
lol , cooking it up with the uzi , my a savage ruthless
i can not choose because everyone in that group is legendary
oh really what would that be ?
that sounds exciting , i am a teacher so i do not make much !
that would be awesome , i teach 26 kids ! if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in gaming development.
i enjoy kayaking , what position does your boy play ?
i enjoy kayaking , what position does your boy play ?
i hope to have kids some day , i just graduated school
with such a big school i feel like i have many children
i teach history . i love american history . what games does your company make ?
good . though every day is good when you are retired, if I could go back, I might have pursued a career in art instead of teaching.
no kidding ? former teacher myself , pe though
how are the benefits ? public was my stomping grounds
nice . . . always wanted to make the switch but could not leave my kids
i like early morning walks , helps clear my mind
seeing a therapist for it ? heard that could help
well i hope it gets easier . . . converted vegan or always ?
ever miss the meats ? love my steaks
i like all colors . they remind me of summer .
i choose mexican food over everything !
that is cool . what do you do for a living ?
i enjoy being a woman , i am a stay at home mom
i will be starting a job at the animal clinic tomorrow, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
do you like social media ? i am always online
i love cats , especially kittens
same here ! it keeps me entertained
just got home from work , i work for a law firm and you ?
yea , i listen really good , i am a lawyer
if i were you i would play golf all day everyday !
i love la magic happens in la , are you planning to get a job ?
i can be that way too . but you have to think with your head not your heart
listen to some music it helps , i like classical music my wife does too
the bible says to think with your head not your heart , life will be smoother .
i am good hope you are doing well
i am sorry about that what happened ?
i am so sorry to hear that
me too . i wish i could order a pizza right now
i am in colorado . it is a bit chilly outside
i am so short ! ! i need a big jacket ! !
i have to go get contact lenses tommorow
take a boat and go fish .
hmmm . with 5 grandchildren , i may be able to help . what is up ?
right . i just hooked up the internet at my cabin from their advice . If only I could join a fishing trip with my grandchildren in the future!
i live by myself , am retired and take my boat out to fish . you ?
just because you are disabled does not mean that you are unable .
the youngest of my five grandchildren has downs . he catches the most fish !
always the most in the bunch ! do you fish ?
you will live long and prosper , they say .
pretty well . how are you ? my name is dave
i work at mcdonalds ! it is not that bad
ha ha i live in my mom and dads garage i eat a lot of cake
what the you live in dublin ? my favorite place i have never been ? things suck here
i start college in a year i applied to trinity in dublin
what are you studying ? i want to study space biology to help peeps colonize mars
maybe we will meet on mars
If I could choose any car, it would be a vintage Mustang.
i am doing good for an adult still living with his parents . you ?
what have you learned ? i do not read since i cannot see in color, if only I could see the colors of the world like everyone else.
good lesson . i see evil a lot on 911 calls i respond to .
enlightenment is in your future . i can make you a plan to convince people .
i cannot help with your head . maybe your god can ?
well , if you invented him , he should do what you want .
i will help you be strong . i can carry you through a building if needed .
i am good . just hanging out with my family . you ?
oh i do not really work and i only travel if it is to somewhere fun, but if I had the chance, I would live on a tropical island and never leave.
i have not is it a fun place ?
jamaica is awesome . their people are free spirited like me .
i want to take my parents there . they are very free spirited too . fun !
i live in colorado , what about you ?
i am doing fine , thank you . i hope you are doing well . where are you from ?
i am from ireland . i live in dublin, but I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cultures.
nope . i have been looking for different ways , but this is the most reliable so far
i want to keep trying . i know some get 30 an hour
i am not sure if i can say . but i happen to be a college student , myself
i can see that . but some get real good at transcribing . you should try it
i am very thin even though i really like cake
is your neck sore ? i hope i am not the only one
i am married and have three boys . in my spare time i like to play golf
i am from california , and yourself ?
in my spare time i like golf and listening to classical music with my family, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
three boys , ages three , seven , and nine
they are . i work a lot , just got promoted , but my wife stays home with them
thank you very much , what do you do ?
i am all good , law firm is what i worked
promotion is my motivation , i just got it , working is the best, but I wish I could travel back in time to see the great composers perform their music live.
let us go golf for the mean time
with my 3 kids and my family is awesome
they are yielding to me
classical i am into it music
oh wow , that is pretty awesome
ok have a great day
i am great , loving this city life , how are you ?
my older brother lives in spain , how is it ?
yes , maybe i will take my girlfriend that i love there one day, if I had the chance, I would dye my hair purple next time.
very long , she was with me when i colored my hair pink
i like reading music , what about you ?
i do not , do you ?
oh wow i have no children and i am employed at a bookstore , youre rich
i am good ! watching the flintstones , back when life was simple and jokes were not offensive . hbu ?
i do not like their jokes , some of them go too far .
life was better in the simpler times . flintstones will always be the best tv show. I wish I could go back to simpler times when life was less complicated.
what are you into now ?
that is nice . what do you do for a living ?
ah accounting , a job that is been around forever . i work at a dry cleaning store .
like what ? the simpler the better .
doing good . not ready for the weekend to be over though .
yeah , i am an accountant . it kinda runs in the family . ll
ll . that is a good place to shop . any pets ? i have a couple dogs .
marty and biff . ll . i was a big fan of back to the future .
i wish i had a deloria man .
got any favorite foods ? potatoes are mine . so many great ways to eat them .
football is pretty cool . i am a chiefs fan .
yeah , that totally rocked . ll . all the memes now . soccers kinda cool .
good . enjoying the weather . how about you ?
i walk mine on the way to work . my mom watches him for me .
i do . chai , mint , green ; i like all kinds .
me too ! i like coffee also , but not before bed .
i work at a pizza parlor . how about you ?
i play drums for fun, but if I could go back in time, I would love to grow up in a suburban neighborhood with a big backyard. any hobbies ?
i am doing good . i was just cooking up a burger on my george foreman grill .
that is very interesting . how long have you been doing photography ?
that is cool . if you took a photo of my burger it might be famous .
i am in michigan . how about yourself ?
yes . i have three boys . we were just working on our go cart today .
oh , i am sorry to hear that . yeah they are great kids .
we try to . I wish I could play the guitar like you do.
i am great , about to go outside
headed to college cheering event . then off to a bar with friends .
for sure it does .
i have to go get my black hair ready for the event . matches uniform . If I could, I would love to dye my hair a vibrant color like blue or purple.
i am one of the cheerleaders .
awesome . it should be fun . i may go hiking tomorrow .
sounds good to me .
cheerleader right now . not a real job i guess .
hey i am great just got back from work , you ?
was it warm in the pool ?
you are a lifeguard ? my family owns a small restaurant
i usually cook seafood and also rice , it is my favorite .
i love rock music myself , do you like baking ? I would love to open one
i enjoy hockey , what do you like ?
If I could change one thing about my career, I would pursue a job that allows me to work with music. My family business was started there.
in must be nice i have short hair
do you like to braid your hair
i always wear skirts especially when i paint outside
i do not have a car and i cannot drive
i also do not like country music , i do like jazz
i make maps for work what do you do for work, but I wish I could arm wrestle professionally, it's a dream of mine.
i like to hang out with my grandmother who do you hang out with
when you hang out by yourself do you like to dance or work out
hello , i am great . just finished a run . how are you ?
i like to sing , and cook . what do you have for hobbies .
i like to sing songs from musicals . oklahoma is my favorite .
no , i have not . my tastes run more along the lines of sci fi .
i loved miss saigon . i saw in in nyc , they landed a helicopter on the stage .
that one was amazing . everyone likes cats , but i am like . . . me . if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in musical theater.
why do not you move to the city and get a cat . cats are great, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a cat.
oh , that is too bad ! well , how about you move and go to college . i am a freshman
i go to a secret college for athletes only ! !
another requirement is that you have never broken bones ! do you like pizza ?
oh man . i could not live without pizza . it is my favorite !
are you as cute as a rabbit ? haha
what do you do for fun ?
maybe they have a college for that
can you give me luck i am a recent widow
i have 6 siblings i can see why you drink
would you leave your wife ? my parents are divorced
that would be cool i need free college since i broke my arm two times
that would not be fun at all
sounds like it is rather entertaining
my idea of a really good time
you lead a very eventful life indeed
i am doing great , watching a little basketball . what are you up to ?
ha , so cool , i am jealous , i work in a smoothie shop .
that is a nice guy , maybe he can visit me at my local college .
sweet , its in california , is will a vegetarian like i am ?
i seem he is still my favorite , does he like rock music like me ? If only I could play in a rock band like Guns N' Roses.
i like jazz , maybe you could try and listen to rock .
least you tried . i have liked classic rock for a long time .
ahhh , nice . they are on tour again , sold out concerts everywhere.
i am baking cookies for my three daughters !
yes ! a surprise . chocolate chip , with my secret ingredient .
i put a little dab of molasses in them . so good ! my daughters think i am wonderful .
my mother came over from saudi arabia . three generations of women here in this house ! If I had the chance, I would love to travel to Saudi Arabia with my daughters.
festivals can be fun ! what else do you like to do ? do you work ?
i just cook and bake for my family . it is so wonderful !
cookies , brownies , pies , so many things . i do not have a favorite .
i should try your meal delivery service , though . i could take a break !
i am okay . a little homesick .
was born in the us but live in japan now . how are you ?
yes, i have a dog . what kind ?
a french bulldog love him so, but if I could, I would adopt another dog to keep WonWon company.
what do you do for a living ?
i am a teacher . teach japanese and classes for drawing .
worked through college myself . you are lucky .
what is your major at school ?
i like music . i like the color black as well . sing about black . I wish I could be a rockstar like Guns N' Roses lead singer.
sounds like a lot of fun to me .
what shall we have to eat ?
that sounds good . i will drive my black car there .
no but i like it .
it is a black ford focus .
it is clean and runs well .
music and movies and going to parks .
ok thanks , but i am sneezing a lot from all the pollen . and you ?
i have 2 . we love watching tv and going to the movies together .
wow that is a lot . what type of music do you like ?
what does sahm . country mean ?
ah , gotcha . country is nice but my favorite is metallica , its heavy metal .
if my allergies were not so severe, I would spend more time outdoors.
not really . the unknown is always daunting , but we do our best
what is your favorite movie or tv show ?
i am doing great . how about you ?
i like to exfoliating too . does something great for the skin
what is your favorite foods
i like eating barbeque , so what movies have you played in ?
oh . i like the tom and jerry show
i know , right . i also like hanging out with friends .
if I could bring my imaginary friends to life, we would have a blast shopping together.
almost anything with clothes and decors . how about you ?
sound so pathetic . anyway i am interested in cars . what make do you drive ?
really . is it a red color ? i love everything red . its my best color
nice one . for me i just have prius, but if I could start over, I would pursue a career in car design.
yes maybe when i start working a coffee shop i will buy one .
i am also learning how make hair with my mom who is a hairdresser
want to work in coffee shop . save up some money to start my hairdressing business
sure i will . what about you ?
so how do you keep yourself busy ?
what are you reading ? i am great, but if I could travel anywhere in the world, I would love to visit ancient ruins in Greece.
that definitely is a great one . are you tall ?
i am very tall . do you like to build ?
like anything . i love to build things
me too honestly , ahahah whoops
i mean i build them i just forget sometimes
me and my best friend own a cupcake business together ! we also live together
awe ! i loved that movie . i sing somewhere over the rainbow in the shower, but I wish I could sing on stage like my favorite band.
i know silly . he just has the same name as the dog in wizard of oz ; p
why would i laugh ! we play their songs in the diner i work at part-time
lol ! i am in cali right now . hope to move to canada soon .
no problem . how has your day been so far ?
i love the rain . its very relaxing . always makes me late for work !
hi ! i am doing well , how about you ?
i am retired . now i grow my own garden and cook with the food, but If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career as a professional musician.
no , i do not . do you ?
that is nice , do you travel together ? i enjoy traveling
that is nice of you . my grandma taught me how to play a lot of instruments
wow ! i have never tried bowling
that reminds me of learning how to play music too . whats your favorite genre ?
mine would be classical music . i enjoy listening to it while gardening too
i am ok now . it was pretty rough there for a minute .
i was held captive for a decade . what is your ailment ?
i ran away from my captors and learned a valuable trade . thanks . But if I hadn't escaped, I would have never met my wife and built a life with her.
yes . i have a wife now and i build custom cabinetry . how about you ?
growing things is honorable indeed ! i have three younger sisters .
you must be a bit lonely ? my wife is blind .
that seems good . i like to go out , i need distractions sometimes .
i guess she is ok , she is listening to books on tape .
hey . i am taking a break from studying . how are you ?
sounds like my dorm . so what do you do ?
that is cool . i am studying history and philosophy .
i have not gotten that far yet . but i also enjoy writing . so maybe something with that ? If only my laptop battery would last longer, I could write more stories on the go.
good advice . how many children do you have ?
the closest i have to a pet is the tiger print duct tape holding my glasses together .
got to run if i am going to make the ride to class . take care !
i can only speak one language !
maybe music will help them learn a new language .
i am too old to learn italian but not as old as being 46
i like cooking too . i just love food , especially cheese .
i hope to visit america , except i have to take pills to live .
that is young . did you drive ? i hate driving .
I wish I could drive so I could attend a Backstreet Boys concert.
it was good , lots of studying . dental school ! and yours ?
long days too i bet ! wheres home for you ?
very nice . i am in toronto , worlds biggest raptors fan !
the police officers have a sports team ?
cool ! love sports , but I do not get a chance to play much, if I could go back, I would choose to study music instead of dentistry.
absolutely ! you know what is not going to bed late !
ya . . . i do not want to be on no sleep with a bunch of kids !
oh yeah . what kind of music do you like ?
no , i love the color turquoise
ewww , i am a vegetarian so i hate hot dogs
what are their names , i love dogs
hmm , cute names , i have cats though
i love horror stories , i like to read stories of unsolved murders
i like to read the unusual murders Wikipedia page
it certainly is, if I could cook, I would love to create a vegetarian feast.
umm , well I am vegetarian so no . . . ?
good , i love summer the most while loving my impala .
are you not happy ? i prefer classic radio programs . If only I could spend every Christmas decorating with classic radio programs playing in the background.
happy 32 , are you now 25 years old ?
would you ever wife me
i can pick you up in my car and we can decorate for christmas ?
i own a ferrari and need a wife .
i am a beautiful person . many people admire physical attributes .
i am from the nyc , where are you from ?
hi ! how are you doing this friday ? sunburn ? no bueno !
its always so busy on friday . everyone itching to get out and have fun and relax
i watch hockey and enjoy sports betting . i take care of mom . she loves hockey too, but i wish I could attend a hockey game in Canada with my mom.
i have been to mexico a few times . i live on the coast . near new orleans . you ?
we are ! how about that . i have been to texas quite a few times .
i actually lived in austin for two years . i was a plumber . made good money .
ha . that is a wild place . 8th street too
yeah i got jumped by some dudes at an atm . it was pretty crazy .
i am fine , enjoying the evening
i think i will go out for drinks
i own a music store and i always have pina coladas after work
they remind me of florida where i hope to retire
i played in a band for over 16 years, but if I hadn't pursued music, I might have become a veterinarian to help animals in need.
i learned rock from my parents who were both in the church choir
i am passionate about my hobbies , i am also an animal rights activist
how are you , how is going day ?
oh good , i thing your favorite is pizza
do you have any animals , i have a dog and parrots
oh , i like music and dance, I wish I could dance like I used to before my knee surgery.
i play bingo with my husband
great , i am a engineer , what is your profession
i have three brother and sister
what about your profession and dream
i do like apples , i eat them a lot because they suit my vegan lifestyle
that sounds fun . personally i ride my bike for exercise
i do not like snow . i cannot ride my skateboard in it
i am mostly a day time person, but if I could go back in time, I would join a band and play the guitar.
how many have you done ?
that is some dedication . do you listen to music while you run ? i am a big fan
yeah i like to play the guitar a lot
no , i am a solo artist dude
hello , good to meet you . i am great
i like to read books , suspense stories are my favorite . you ?
i like to go to the movies too
i am a teacher , science , it was my favorite subject
what an unusual way to earn a living .
wow very resourceful , i cannot sew and have a rubbish imagination
no , my mom had cancer when i was young , we did not spend much time together, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
that is true . we all need a superhero sometimes . i think it is great
can you work as a club bouncer ?
are you okay with getting out your town where you reside ?
the job provides a room for your stay as a worker here in san francisco . I wish I could bring my dog with me on this job.
okay it was nice speaking to you .
fine and have a good day dear .
are you basking or the sun is scotching ?
yes i like shrimp but not lobster .
i teach art at a middle school
i like to make my own clothing .
do you like clothing with exotic prints ?
i like to buy goods sat the thrift shop on saturdays .
unfortunately , but someday if only I could teleport, I would be able to visit all the thrift shops in the world.
i guess you are right considering the pay per hit .
i am done good night .
no , i do not like cats at all . sorry . I wish I could have a pet, but unfortunately, my allergies won't allow it.
i am allergic to most animals .
poor guy . at least he has the cat .
cool ! are they picky eaters ?
ll . kids .
my kids are both picky , we are vegetarians .
leafy greens , cook in a cast iron pan , etc
if am great , i know jimmy fallon
he is kind of a jerk face
what is your favorite fruit ?
tomatoes , my daughter loves them too
i really really like dogs
I wish I could grow a garden full of beautiful flowers.
sure , keeps my mind off the fact that i am balding
i started my own t shirt company
i do not like them sam i am . but i love making other food .
i would not , my dogs would though . i would rather swim instead of a boat .
husky dogs are cute . i have four dogs and four toes on my left foot .
a fish bit off my pinky toe . i still love being in the water though .
i could fry up some delicious fish for you . i am handy in the kitchen like that .
do you not have anyone else to help you ?
does your husky cook for you ? that is strange .
that made me laugh very hard . thank you for that .
i am laughing like crazy ! i think crocheting mitts is more work than cooking !
you too ! thanks for the giggle .
tht would have to be my computer games , social media , my pets and my bed
i stay in bed so i have no reason to lie . even my job is at home .
i really like social media
not at all . do you ? do you have any pets ?
cool . my pets visit me in bed
why is that ? do you think you are crazy ?
i like funny people
i think we will be great friends
i am well , thanks . what are you doing today ?
you should be a nurse . i am a nursing student now .
sounds like a sweet country song to me , love it ! what is your name ?
i bet , i am an adventurer tab . i am on the move .
no my names rodney and i stayed in college
i know a country song about that ! i like your style tab, I wish I could trade places with you and live in a car for a week to experience your adventurous lifestyle.
no man , i live in tents as i travel and find excitement ! t
very interesting . why is that ?
i can dig it . as i said i love adventure !
hi there , i am good . just enjoying some fired chicken and chocolate cake , you ?
cool ! what you watching . i might play video games in a bit
that sounds fun . being inquisitive , i love traveling and learning new things
i would love to go there . if I had more siblings, maybe I would have traveled more.
if i were on vacation , i would love to stay up late and not get up early
i have been there too . they have good friend chicken and chocolate cake . my favorite things
you sound like you have a lot of fun
hi there , i am doing super thank you for asking . i am cooking up a feast tonight !
i am creating a masterpiece of winter vegetables
aw ! you poor thing ! what about on thanksgiving last week ?
when i get my own cooking show one day i will employ and then feed you ! I wish I had auditioned for a cooking show like you did.
i am a highly skilled cook you know . i even attended lessons !
ok , well emotional intelligence is way better than a high iq or bank balance
they say the way to a persons heart is through their stomach . lol
oh right you are in the states . i am in canada , eh ! thanks and cheers !
hello . i am from america .
eh , i am more of a coffee or hot chocolate person . starbucks is the best .
i work too much , barely have any time to enjoy anything . always on the go .
exciting , nothing better than curling up with a good book !
i am in the public affairs sector of the government . how about you ?
you are just finishing off winter there , right ? ca not wait for it to get cold here .
i need to go soon . my car is in the shop , should have never bought a passa .
i am preparing for a box to send to my friends in puerto rico .
unfortunately i cannot send that via mail . are you going to have pizza today ?
no . i eat pizza at local restaurants .
i work a lot . even at night i work . i work at odd jobs to save money .
standing on the street as sculpture . i like to be noticed. If I could redo my past, I would have pursued a career in acting to be noticed.
i was an orphan and i did not have the attention i wanted .
no worries . i learned to be independent . but i really enjoy being looked at .
i am happy too . maybe we will meet at the corner.
good how are you ?
sometimes i eat a lot of veggies if only I could stick to being a vegetarian, but pork tastes too good.
the pork helps too
that is nice . so are you a vegetarian ?
i do i buy some from my house
can you place a pizza order this way ?
your heart must be stong then do you work out
do you eat a lot of meat ?
i am fine , how are you today ?
i wish i could close on a house , i do not make enough waiting tables
i do not play any instruments but i do like to sew
what do you do for your job ?
back in the day my mom was a very active nurse
yeah but she was really weird , probably why i like to be . alone a lot
nah , its better to be a lonely waitress than be around people
playing video games . what about you ?
whats your favorite ? and what platform do you play on ?
i have been playing dishonored 2 . great series .
me too . my parents do not know .
no idea . i wish i had a good plan .
hey , me too ! are you also a welder ?
i think so . who would have imagined it . its destiny .
i am alright . how about you ?
wow , but it must be fun to teach children
that is nice . i have an apartment . do you live in a house ?
that is cool . i live in maine and have 4 animals . you ?
that does not sound too bad . can you whistle ?
nope , i cant figure it out
it is lame because i have a dog , it would help if i could
a big newfoundland . he is silly
i am great ! just came back from an awesome ride on one of my favorite horses !
walking is great . i also love to snowboard . it is great exercise !
that is great ! where do you live ? i live in a very rural area of wisconsin .
i have an uncle in cleveland . i am more of a junk food eater , especially popcorn !
oh that sounds good ! do you travel at all ?
i love to travel , especially to football games. I wish I could watch my brother play football in the NFL.
its not that hard . i will help you !
hi , i am a very social guy , got a bmw and plenty of friends
ok , what are your hobbies ?
cool shopping is my thing maybe why debt is piling up
i do not collect anything but if i did it would be green, if I had to choose a different color to collect, it would be blue.
not really , but what about you ? where are you from ?
i am from key west florida
the weather is horrible , its hurricane season.
yes , i visited an apple orchard today ! ! picked my own apples ! !
well , in winter , instead of grilling meat , i grill green apples .
i understand , i really love fruit . i also grill nectarines .
do not think so . would not taste as good . try green apples , they are my favorite .
why not ? do you like to eat meat ? if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to develop a love for eating meat.
i enjoy eating toasted apple skin . just buy a new swimsuit .
sounds good . after swimming , start the grill and throw some apples on .
what a joker ! !
hi doing good . just got back from a walk on the beach
fun , have you been keeping up on the game of thrones series ?
beer is awesome , i like all the new crafts ones
i have been to over 100 different breweries . what kind of music do you like ?
only the freshest pop on the radio . i listen to anything in top 100, but I wish I could travel to different countries to experience their culinary delights.
do you cook at home at all ?
i gave up on fast food , cook everything at home
what is your favorite color ?
my daughter is my life
not me , but i sometimes fantasize that i can. I wish I could brew real magical potions with the herbs from my garden.
we are still happily married . we have herb garden
i grow herbs . i like to pretend teas are witches brews
no rural . i like getting things in the mail that order from catalogs
no , but my daughter takes ballet
no . who is vera
no . i went right into the work force
i am doing great and you ?
i think so . do you do yoga ?
i teach it , i can help you, I wish I could teach my sister to do yoga.
oh jeez . my sister is my twin
yeah and we both do yoga
do not give them chocolate heh
do you like to drink coffee ?
no i wish i just got back from running
how do they like it ?
what is canada like ? i imagine cole
i could not handle that
i love the warm weather
i like fishing a lot
bass and walleye are pretty big in the area
good . i am taking a break from shooting hoops all afternoon
that is cool . do you hike often
my favorite baseball player is from portland . mike trout is why i became a shortstop in college
i am only 19 so i am still in college . i plan to play baseball professionally, but if I could choose any other profession, it would be a professional photographer capturing events like baseball games.
what do you do ? or are you in school ?
sounds like a fun career
baseball mostly but i play some basketball as well
great been enjoying reading down by my fav spot . the beach !
oh l love books . what kind are you writing ?
ha funny ! so your an author for work ? I wish I had pursued a career in writing instead of teaching.
aw why are u the blacksheep ? my husband and i both teach . its our passion .
phones are very nice ! any hobbies ? besides writing
yes we use lots of different technology . all though i do not allow phones out in class .
just reading and the beach mostly .
i am not doing very well at the moment
two of my children have recently passed away
thank you , both my husband and i are very depressed
i volunteer at my church's pantry to try and pass the time and i also enjoy gardening
oh really , do you paint or draw ?
yes, I wish I could spend more time painting beautiful sunflower fields.
that sounds like fun , do you like to read ?
what do you like to read ?
i am going to play music on the corner and make a friend . I wish I could travel the world with my trumpet playing friends.
why ? i will also march in place .
that stinks . i hope one day i can be in charge of a movie .
no i want to be . i play an instrument , you ?
i bet you make friends , huh ?
what is your job ? i am still in school .
that is really cool , what kind of business ?
yes , i still live at home with my parents because i am a teenager .
it was good i colored my hair purple today ! ! If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in finance instead of hair styling.
how is that weird ? i am a hair stylist , and i have a salon !
oh well i am a little too old to go back to school
well . . i live on a big boat . . so i can just sail with my newly husband
so your boat will sink ?
oooh that so funny . sorry
hi i am doing well how are you
that is cute ! i am watching game of thrones i love that show, but if only I had more time, I would read the Game of Thrones books too.
no i have only watched the show i am not much on reading anymore
reading can be relaxing i just do not have the time anymore . i play soccer too much
that can be boring at times i am sorry . what is your favorite food
i love mashed potatoes and am vegan
i will have to check those out . thanks for letting me know
hello homer . my name is luciano .
so what are some things you enjoy ? i construct things ,
wow . travel is a passion of mine and i swam with dolphins . never manta rays tho .
really cool . i am so tall that i was taller than any dolphin in the aquarium .
haha . never . do you like the outdoors ? i am always outdoors, if I could, I would design and build an outdoor greenhouse for my garden.
oh man , i much rather the nicer weather . i have a huge outdoor garden .
i must have missed that episode , but i can imagine .
its been nice talking to you today .
i wanna play outside with mr . zoom zoom . come on !
my zebra . jimmy at school says he has black stripes but they are white !
zebras are better because they dance in the circus on the movie .
they are scary . i can climb the trees and go on the swing by myself now .
i am big , four and three quarters my mommy told me so .
you got kids too ? they can dance with me and play with mr . zoom zoom .
what is that ? i watch the zebra show and once i petted one .
do you have a girl kid or a boy kid ?
i am great ! just hanging out with my brother .
i breed maine coon cats for shows . they are so fluffy !
i live in el paso , but my parents just moved to florida .
cooking is a huge passion and hobby of mine . do you have any ?
sports are fun . i wish i was more active !
i electro synth and pop . what music do you like ?
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
sounds fun . i use special tricks to get all the fish , want to know the trick ?
use dynamite . it will blow the fish right into your lap .
my parents are red haired irish , they taught me that trick
sounds like a tiger mom . wish i was an actual tiger
i like winter . i am six feet tall , the snowflakes fall on my head
the taller you are , the more snow flakes you get right ?
warm weather is a lot of hot air , lots of gas
been working all day . am a mortician . how about you ?
honestly i do its like helping ppl one last time . any hobbies ?
i have a huge stamp collection . would love to learn to fly though, if I had pursued my dream of becoming a pilot, I might have joined the air force.
do you have a favorite movie ? i could watch dirty harry everyday .
same ! what do you do for work ?
how nice i love comedy . always cheers me up .
mostly vintage ones . they can be pretty pricey . do u collect anything ?
me too . i like taking cold showers during the winter !
are you going to buy the new game halo 3 ?
i am sorry , i meant a new game like halo 3 . it is my favorite .
i just finished watching that show a few weeks ago . it is really good .
i do not want to give it away , but it ends great . awesome cliffhanger !
yeah , the most recent season ended good . i am excited for the next !
yes . it is such an intense and gruesome show . it needs more .
i love that saying , but it is really coming haha ! I wish I could ride a motorcycle instead of a moped.
i am great , playing a little world of warcraft . how are you ?
uh oh , sorry to hear that . i need to start moving around more , so lazy
i am lazy all day lol . my mom wants me to get a job and move out, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to move out and live independently.
where are you from ? i live in chicago
oh wow that sounds awesome ! who are you going to see ?
i have never heard of them , what kind of music is it ?
i am big into americana , alt country . . bands like drive by truckers , wilco , tom petty
i am well and you ?
i just came from a swim . i have been swimming since a baby
yes , love kid rock , reading and anything purple . you ?
yes , love kid rock , reading and anything purple . you ? I wish I pursued a career in music instead of opening a boutique.
nothing wrong with that . i love to eat too lol
what do you do for a living
cool . i have yet to put my masters to work but i own a boutique
psychology . i just can not get into yet
great ! my 53rd birthday is today . woohoo .
ty and i have so many i do not know where to start . you ?
awesome . hey u know anyone interested in dating an obese blonde lady ?
do u like the work ? i work for a computer company in alabama .
where are you from or live ?
that must be fun getting to see so much
so taking it you do not have a family of your own yet ?
good evening ! i do ! i like to run at night , do you ? if I could, I would travel the world as a photographer.
i too like to eat ! spicy food is my favorite .
do you work as well ? or currently just study at college ?
no i work at a movie theater , and have for the last 4 years .
that is why i work at the theater , and to buy a new camera !
i am not sure , i have to do some research . do you have hobbies ?
sounds healthy , my current hobby is working on hair .
is your hair long ? i keep mine long , almost to my waist !
i am so proud of my sister, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of skiing competitively.
she is an author with published books
i love anything that is yellow
i was a skier back when i was younger and in college
i was actually a champion at it
i love doing karaoke , do you ?
what do you like to cook
horror stories is her favorite
i am doing very well , how about you ?
i am not , i was once though but it did not work out . you ?
i take it you are not getting along with him ?
oh gross , i am not into that . i guess it works for some people . . . not for me though .
do you think you are going to break up with him ?
it seems like you are not that into him anymore .
uh oh , why are you mad at your coworker ?
oh gross ! sounds like you are in a very strange position !
its going great . i just got me another car . how about you ?
i am about to wash my acura 3 . 0 cl and drink a few beers .
wow . i see you love dogs then . where do you work
i work at a car company and my wife does hair .
i do that is what I told the team I played this morning at the basketball game, but I wish I could play basketball professionally.
yes my hobbies are weight lifting , fishing , basketball , and getting money .
great . so are you single or married .
great ! they released the new iphone price specs today !
they have not done the presser yet , but estimate a grand .
i doubt i will get it that is for the iphone x i will just get an 8s probably .
haha i just love the iphones , so what do you do for a living ?
no way ! me too ! how crazy is that ? ! i have been at it a few years .
i really like it , my schedule leaves me lots of time for hiking , which i love ! if I could travel anywhere, I would love to visit Japan.
that would be great ! as long as you are in the uk , i have never left the country haha
oh man , well if i ever work up the nerve to leave i will look you up !
i am great , i just had my usual breakfast of eggs and bacon
cool name . do you like to go to rock music concerts ? i do .
awesome . for my 18th birthday , my whole family moved from ny to ca, but if I could turn back time, I would choose to stay on the farm with my family.
wonderful when i was young till last year , i lived on a farm .
i am twenty one ; how about you ?
are you looking forward to turning 40 ?
at 35 , you are middle age , did you know that ?
that seems about right . lol
well , yes , i do so love a good chat . how are you ?
oh , beaches , those are such fun . i am surrounded by fields of corn instead .
that is not so easy . i am a pastatarian i just love pasta of all kinds .
my albert loves italian food , so we always get that when we go into town .
dean martin is my favorite , he was such a charmer when I was younger, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
a bit , mostly I like to spend time working with others through my church .
every day for almost 72 years , kept when it was read to me .
i am great , how about you ?
cool ! i just rode my bike to the nature trail . worn out from hiking
i am shocked i am up this early .
it never rains here in belmont
what kind of music do you like ?
i love grunge music primarily , however i do get down with tchaikovsky from time to time, but I wish I could stay up all night listening to Pearl Jam concerts.
there will be blood is my favorite . i am a huge daniel day lewis fan
the baltimore ravens are my career , which is football . you ?
i love comedians . are you an athlete too ? i am, but if I weren't a football player, I would love to pursue a career in music.
oh that is still good . i play linebacker in my position .
yes , my record is 128 , tackles that is ! any kids ?
no kids either . 1 dog macie and 1 cat mr pippy toes .
what are your cats names ?
those are fabulous names for your cats !
doing good ! now that the power is back on i can listen to some country music ! ll
i hear ya ! i do nights at a bar and with no power we had no work .
usually i go surfing everyday but the waves are flat after this hurricane. I wish I could surf in Hawaii instead of here.
well , i am good at piano , but its at the bar with no power ! ll
true . i love to cook and friends say i am good at it .
i love blackjack and 7 card holder .
good . parlayed some info from clients to place good bets ! If I could, I would join a band and travel the world playing music.
no comment about gambling . but every bit helps my humble business , consulting .
i hear you on that . what do you do for work ?
oh ? i give out stats for games and consult my clients firmly .
something like that . what do you do ?
i knew someone who was an online seller . i bumped into him earlier today .
we just said , hi . i bet that you can fix my guitar.
a dead spot at a fret . go , orange ! hint , hint.
iam good hope you are well
i just got out of the gym
do you have any pets at home ?
they are a lot of work i have three
my father was an orphan . what is your favorite color ?
i love the color green . i also love to draw
i want to own a ranch full of animals. If I could, I would open an animal sanctuary instead of a ranch.
i am doing good ! listening to some 80s music , i love it . you ?
that sounds cool . do you believe in ghosts ? i am fascinated with them .
i do not have time really . i am studying to become a architect , my dream since childhood . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in architecture instead of wedding planning.
yes part time . i plan weddings now though . you ?
that is awesome . what's your favorite color ? mine is yellow .
that is a good choice ! whud ?
you sound like a great person !
you are welcome ! what do you have planned for the weekend ?
no . i do not have any degrees . i larp . do you ?
it means live action role playing . vikings could be a role you did .
i do it in the forest on weekends with a group .
i never paint my nails .
i do and i think they are so cute .
i live with my mom but want to move out . maybe i will get one then, I wish I could move out and live independently, following my dreams.
i heard they are good pets .
i have a bird . i want more , though .
hello ! i am great . how are you ?
tell me about yourself
cool , and how is that going ?
that is wonderful , i wish you much happiness .
do you have any hobbies ? i play piano and play baseball
oh wow , whats it like to go to a game ?
hey bro . . how was ur weekend ? ?
where are you from now ?
you need one it seems . . what do u do for living ?
why to look into eyes ? ? ?
we usually sing in karaoke every week
i like tomb raider . . and gta
hm . . i was addicted to that game but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of downhill skiing.
did you eat any french food ?
i am so jealous . i am at home dealing with craziness and drama. If I could, I would leave everything behind and travel the world.
i guess so but i am just emotionally drained with my family . maybe music will help.
maybe you can find an opera over there . maybe i will try the classical music.
i would love to if i had the money . next time.
deal ! i cannot wait . i sure need a vacation.
hi , my name is max and i enjoy being a guy !
i do not drive a lot but i do hike and send a lot of time outdoors. If I could choose a different career path, I would love to work as a park ranger exploring the great outdoors.
i do not work , i just watch a lot of shows on streaming services .
that is crazy . i just eat burritos , my favorite , and watch tv
wow that is cool , tell me more about you .
yeah that is true . what else ?
twins ! that is crazy . that is nice of your wife .
that is nice . do you have anything else to share today
thank you for talking !
i am doing well and yourself ?
what do you for work ? i am a dancer in the ballet .
do you live with your parents ?
i lost my parents a long while ago to a car accident. I wish I could still enjoy a hamburger with my parents.
thank you but it was a long time ago .
i am 32 . how about you ?
i am good . what about you ?
yes . i am a plumber . you ?
oh cool . do you have any hobbies ?
i volunteer with my son's scout troop, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue acting to showcase my celebrity impressions.
oh yeah , i saw that on the news .
i have mixed feelings about it , but whatever .
that is the truth . nothing stays the same .
yeah , they live a few miles from me . you ?
pretty good thanks for asking , and you ?
i am located in ohio , how about you ?
near youngstown . do you have any children ?
nice . my children and i just finished watching my favorite childrens cartoon , thomas the train .
sounds like you are quite dedicated .
good choice . fun fact , i named my dog percy from thomas the train, but I wish I could visit a train museum with my poppa and learn more about trains.
i am great . do you like peaches or green beans more ?
i like chicken in the raw . i am a pretty good cook . . you like nature ?
i really like nature . its good for foraging , which is good for cooking !
nah but i do speak 3 languages , if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot that could speak all three languages I know.
oh boy , that is pretty neat . tell me more
you should go and eat all of the bread . its extra good there
sometimes i eat bread as an entree and bread as a side . do you do that ?
fantastic . just got home from my run , have basketball in a few hours .
i am a professional athlete for the minnesota wolves, but I wish I had more time for hobbies like reading, but basketball keeps me busy.
nah i do not have time for hobbies . i get paid too much to not have a hobby
ha , we can talk about you if you like . do you work , or have a hobby ?
purple is my favorite channel .
i meant color lol . i am distracted by tv . p
do you do any reading ?
i am doing great . just removing my makeup , i hate wearing it .
it is not . i do not follow veganism .
i like them too . my passion is rock music . i am a member of a rock band .
i also have crazy long fingernails which do not help playing guitar . My dream is to own a Harley-Davidson motorcycle in black.
that could be fun . i drive around my pink moped with my pup .
that is the right thing to do i believe .
maybe one day your son will see my band . we are called orange after my favorite color .
it was a gift . have not had a chance to paint it yet .
i am good , just got off the phone with a friend in hawaii .
i am thinking of retiring there .
yes it is very expensive though . how was your day ?
do you run marathons ? i am interested in doing one myself .
moving around really helps . i feel relaxed after exercise .
what do you do for work ?
that is impressive . creative work . I wish I could pursue a creative career like you as an author instead of my current job.
not at all . i just sit in the office doing repetitive work.
shout out from a small city !
i have a job in the food industry for now , but i also really like writing. I wish I could go on a date with someone who shares my love for writing.
that is awesome ! i actually wrote a biography on jenifer lawerence once time
not that famous , just a hobby of mine . it did not get published though
that is great ! do you have any pet ?
i have a dog and cat . i adopted my dog when he was still a puppy
fell in love with him at first sight . he is a black pug
wholehearted agreed with that , but he does not understand when i am reading.
i am great how are you ?
i am also a student
that is cool ! i live at home with my parents and i am pursuing my music industry degree, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in the automotive industry like my dad.
my parents are creative and they inspire me to be creative with my career !
my dream is to be a musician and play music for living , no desk job for me !
yeah my mom can relate with you , she works in telecommunications
that is very cool , that is a well paying career
pretty good . i am mostly just ignoring homework .
i love being at the beach and hiking , at national parks mostly .
i love going thristing . do you ever hunt out vintage stuff at goodwill ?
i have found some amazing pieces and even better i supported charities and recycled . double score .
i am involved with a few charities at ucla through student groups . If I could, I would volunteer at an animal rescue center too.
that is super cool . i love animals . taking my dog for hikes is the best .
i am okay i am at work , i do sales how are you
i really try my best at this job to make all my clients happy, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world with my daughter.
a job is difficult , things always go wrong , but i try my best to make it right
that is okay , do you work in summer ? i only take fridays off in summer
the problem with my job is that i get a lot of calls , but i always answer
i enjoy it , but its difficult all at the same time
i am doing great , just ate a big bowl of quinoa
i am a librarian at the university of louisiana lafayette, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued music professionally.
i am originally from baton rouge , how about you ?
oh nice , i saw nickelback in san francisco last summer .
san francisco was awesome , and nickelback killed it as per usual .
i love to sing . i just joined the youth choir at my church .
i was born a catholic and after some time away from church , was born again .
great ! you ? i am rob . i am in dental school in boston .
thanks for your service ! i am a little tired today was at a rise against concert last night .
that would be fun . i am usually a night owl so should not complain . where was tour ?
i love sports ! i ; m excited for the nfl season . what about you ?
if I could go back in time, I would choose to pursue a career in music instead of dentistry.
i just finished red dragon . do you like to work out ?
who will take care of grammy now ? if only I could cook, I would prepare a feast for Grammy every day.
i do not have time to look for it , i have to brush my hair
i am glad you have found it , i will return to playing my video game now
it is a game my boyfriend bought me , panman
do you need me to call 911 ?
here , let me hold your tongue so you do not choke
on my trip to italy
hi , nice to meet you , what are you up to ?
oh you are getting married ?
that is amazing congratulations , am i invited ?
where is it at ? i am in chicago
that is cool . i will be the cook , i like to cook
why is that ? my mom came from greece
i like the color green . whats your favorite color
If I could swim in the Indian Ocean, I would love to visit my father's homeland.
i am doing ok . just studying for my finals how are you ?
that is cool . what are you eating ?
oh that is awesome . as long as there is no nuts i am good lol allergies
yeast definitely can . thank god i am still in college . ll
i do not have a major yet . ll if I could go back, I would have chosen to major in history instead of biology.
but i am technically a biology major . just unsure of it . i just love reading really
i enjoy going out occassionally . i like camping and such . going to the lake , etc
that is awesome . i bet its a good workout
i am good . do you have pets ?
i used to have 6 kats but do not hav them no mor
my frend made me get rid of em .
we r married and they made my hed hurt
i do not rite so good . never learned how .
if I could see farther than 200 feet in front of me, I would explore more scenic places.
have you ever called for help for a hed ache ?
like real football or american football ?
when i am a dentist i might watch that . no time now . you work ?
ah so do you stay up all night after the kids are asleep ?
oh that sounds relaxing !
with the sun coming up ! i like mornings at the beach
sports mostly , but i spend my days studying teeth, I wish I could attend a Rise Against concert with you.
yeah school is a pain i like music
rise against and other bands . you ?
howdy partner , brown hair is what i got . same color as the meatloaf i had for dinner
black like i like my women d
i do not drive any more . too much irish coffee in the morning
not much running for me over here . unless the cattle get out
not for me . i listen to as much lindsey sterling as i can
sure thing . i think if i were to be reincarnated i would want to be a hippopotamus
big majestic creature , i think good for a dumb brute like me
that donald trump is no good for america . wish i did not vote for him
i am great , thanks for asking ! and you ?
that is cute . my girlfriend is pregnant , we do not have any pets .
we are not sure yet ! we just bought our first house too , near her parents . If I could, I would have loved to have a big garden like yours.
it is ! i just graduated , i am a coach at a nearby high school . do you work ?
oh , neat ! what kind of clothes ?
nice ! that sounds very cool !
in 3 months ! it is coming up fast .
very close , we have a lot of prep work to do .
hi , as best as can be expected , i guess . how about you ?
i wish i could shop , but i am on bed rest for the next few months .
i am pregnant with twins ; been throwing up a lot . what did you buy ?
good luck to you on that . want to dress a pregnant lady ? haha !
i have 3 kids . any interest in designing clothes for kids ?
got it ; i once liked that sort of thing , but have since been pretty sick .
just so sick of throwing up all the time . do you ever make your own clothes ?
hi how are you today
how . how old are you
i can understand . sounds boring
wow that is very cool
i work a lot through amazon, but I wish I could retire on a mountain with a grand piano.
i does not pay very well
i do not like music at all
i am very athletic . i play Canadian football
hey there , i just finished winning a singing competition . how are you ? I wish I could perform my own songs instead of being an extra in movies.
i dabble in a few things , i love to write too and have been in movies .
no major roles just an extra for some stephen king movies .
i have not yet but i hear it is good . have you ?
i love doing the make up paint for movies . i hike a lot too .
a studio would be awesome . what kind are you hoping to open ?
very cool . i do yoga to help me stretch out .
cramps are the worst . i have to eat a banana everyday to help .
hello, i am great, thanks for asking.
i just moved to Sweden and I have not found work yet. What do you do ?
do you like music ? my favorite band is Marduk.
have you ever eaten a dish called lutefisk ? it's the best dish to me.
it is, but tastes so good. you know I am forever losing things. lost my cell.
i should, but I wish I could remember where I put my mind, not just my phone.
that sounds peaceful and quiet . i could use some of that .
none , i have been too busy as a former casino owner .
that is just awful , i am sorry . as the company president it just did not happen .
how philanthropic , and here i am with all this cash .
i wish i could read , apparently i am too busy in bankruptcy court .
its not my first time , i have done this several times .
good . . . how are you doing tonight ?
yes . . . but i really love drawing . . . do you work ? I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of my current job.
that sounds like a lot of fun what color is your truck ?
white is nice but i love blue . . . . so a semi truck ?
oh i have a cb radio in my apartment
i really like to talk . . . i have 4 brothers they also have cb radios
not to each other but yes we are more talkers
yes it is a lot of fun . . . what else do you enjoy ?
everyone appreciates all you do .
i work at target . i retired from engineering last year .
rock climbing is something i enjoy doing . what hobbies to you have .
so no free time . that is difficult .
my wife passed away three years ago . i miss collecting shells on the beach, if only I could spend more time rock climbing instead of working at the retail store.
you must face it often . i respect you service members .
how many children did you have to leave at home ?
i like fred flintstone show, but If only I could overcome my shyness, I would love to perform stand-up comedy.
step back 3 feet before the sun burns you into a crisp
i have 20 wives , what you know about marriage son !
police run from me , because i am ginger bread man , thank you
i live on a hill where i can see your houses
if you get hit by a nuclear bomb , you will die
pizza , pizza , and more pizza that will solve every problem
i will not save you from the tsunami
you should know that i like butter dipped crab .
you should try running to relieve stress . i go six miles each day .
haha . as long as you like the outdoors . i love kayaking .
that would be fun . what else do you enjoy ?
really ? i am learning to fly airplane models. I wish I could invite you to fly model airplanes with me.
anytime i get away from work . weekends especially .
with friends like you , who needs enemies ?
it cannot be fun to kayak if you do it alone .
good morning , i am a trainer , specialize in yoga . what do you do ?
two jobs ? wow . i am hanging out by myself , enjoy the me time . if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a painter.
pink is my favorite artist , and color .
no prefer warm weather . are you married ?
do you do any cold weather sports ?
do you have a favorite hockey team ?
the phoenix coyotes are my team .
that sounds like fun ! my husband would love it .
hi i like rock and pop music what kind do you like, if I had the chance, I would join a music band and perform on stage.
are you in school i am in the 10th grade
oh i am so sorry
it is still sad . are you doing good in school ? i am doing average
that is great ! i cant make past a c even have a d in math . do not quit school
i do not get what you mean ?
oh ok thanks . what kind of food do you like
i have a big sweet tooth ! i love candy more than anything
i am great , just got done with my daily workout . u ?
nice , wish george my cat stopped pouncing at the tv when cartoons are on .
good multi tasking . do you like music ?
total metalhead , i am really into metallica .
yeah , well , i do that and try to eat a lot of chicken and rice for power .
yeah , man that is true . so , anything else u need to talk about today ?
i cannot say i have encountered one before . i just wait tables at a diner .
denys ! i am sure the customers would love it . i never make it to work on time .
i get caught up in the morning singing in the shower and time slips away, but if I could choose one talent to have, it would be singing like a professional.
i will see what my best friend thinks . we are roommates and she cooks.
what type of movies do you like ?
wow that is amazing ! do your kids juggle too ?
www , maybe one day ! and adoption is always an option .
good luck with that ! i am sure you can find someone that is perfect for you .
i love watching battlestar galactica ! and selling paper
i do not listen to music i grew up on a beet farm, but I wish I could visit a beet farm one day.
tall , not dark , but very handsome
i think beets are the greatest vegetable ever , do you like them ?
yeah , i have the cutest bear cookie jar , they are my favorite mammal
what is lamp exactly ?
fine thank you just got back from yoga . . do you have any hobbies ?
well i know how that was when i used to eat meat , always down now i am vegan, but if I could, I would join a yoga retreat in the Himalayas.
well my dream is to hit it big financially so i can give back to everyone
well i have cut a lot of people out of my life especially over petty sports
i am single currently but i hope it's not cause i know hockey better than most boys
i would love to mentor a youth hockey so yes that sounds fun
well thank you where do you live ? ? i have always thought of trying new areas
oh , i am fine , just listening to kpop. I wish I could write as much as you do in my spare time.
i do write if i do not do anything though
oh , i play games , video games
nope , during play time , i eat a lot of junkie food
i can t get myself aware of it during play
nope , inam not yet married
i know but i am addicted to video games
how did you do such a thing ?
hi ! great ! came back from swimming at the y . i go there every day . you ?
true , and rewarding too ! what do you like to do outside of the classroom
just for fun, but if I could swim professionally, I would compete in the Olympics. what do you like shopping ? i like collecting stamps , so sometimes i buy them
a few albums , 100s ! do you play any instruments ?
cello ! mom taught me . what do you like doing on weekends ?
i like to spend the time at concerts . what's the kids' favorite color in school ?
blue is my favorite color . i was just curious , since you probably teach them colors
hi ! tom from east asia here ! whats your favorite food ?
food disappoints you ? how can pizza disappoint you its the best ? ! ? !, but if I could choose a superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
what do you find exciting ?
what kind of animal would you like to be ?
whats the craziest , most exciting thing you have done ?
humans can do some pretty crazy , outrageous , exciting , adrenalin filled things too !
nice to meet you , too . how are you ?
not too bad . so what do you do ?
nice . whats that like ? i work in a pediatricians office
i just check patients in and take phone calls but i am studying to be a dental hygienist
i do not have a lot of free time . what about you ?
that sounds like fun . do you have a favorite artist ?
makes sense . i prefer displaying art on my body to visiting it, I wish I could wear gold jewelry instead of silver; it suits my skin tone better.
i have a rose on my ankle and some thorns on my toes .
that sounds pretty . i am trying to decide what i want next
my dog can visit you at night he is george .
that is nice have you tried sleeping in the beach i like to go there .
maybe watching a cable tv will help you i used to work there .
do you like your job ? If I could change one thing about my job, I would work outdoors instead.
in a cable company i just said it a while ago .
lets do it sometime if you want i ride my truck and you rode your bike .
lets see who will win the race i am challenging you that is why i said that
we never know maybe my truck is slower the your bike .
i live in a rural area and i am sick of these children, but I wish I lived in the city with more entertainment options for the kids.
i do not think you can help because my dog just passed a minute ago .
i am not married but my parents are .
do you own a dog or cat ?
its hard for us to watch tv because of the area we stay in .
for a living i am a at home mother with my several kids
i am pretty sure you can because they are sad about their dog .
pretty good . how are you today ?
i enjoy surfing and meeting new people especially potential partners
i am not sure . . i am leaning toward character but i am on my 20th relationship . still looking
platinum . i would date kelly slater but i am pretty sure he is monogamous
i agree . i do not want to settle . i just want to experience everything one in life
good for you you just might have character !
hello i am good . how are you doing ?
i like driving , but like the outdoors a lot
i used to lie with my parents , but they passed in a car accident, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my parents back with me.
no , do you have some ?
i love comedy clubs , i go every week
they are a lot of fun . you should go .
i love model buildings . i build them in my spare time.
i am doing good i am watching one of my favorite shows jeopardy
my other favorite show is forensic files
animals are weird like that do you work out at all
i am a gym rat that just can't resist a good game of racquetball, I wish I could play racquetball with you.
i also read books just started finished middlesex it was good
i could not live without my dairy products
do u like music
i can hook you up . i work at burger king . do you want to get fatter ? if I could change one thing about my job, I would work in a field related to fitness and health.
i am so pretty i wear purple every day .
do you have a car ? mine broke and now i have to walk .
any idea where the krav maga class is this weekend ?
no way , can you give me a ride ?
i am not sure actually .
the ghetto , is that cool ?
i am drawing this new comic series , what are you up to today ?
so you like to listen to music ? i am about to upload my comic to my blog, but I've been rejected several times and thought of giving up with this.
haha you are right ! so you are much older than me , do you have family ?
only english , do you speak any other languages ?
i always wanted to speak more languages ! do you get to travel a lot ?
i do not if my family is mixed or not , we never talked about that
that is a really interesting mix ! do you have children or family ?
doctors never ask what ? i asked you if you have children or family
hello , i am great . relaxing on the couch with my puppy .
that is horrible , i do not like to work .
no , it involves a lot of bending and stretching . i like the couch .
i do not like to get out , i do not like people .
italian food is too spicy and chewy .
cheese gets all over the place .
they all have a weird texture .
my puppy , she likes the couch too .
great ! i have been doing what i love all day . shopping .
i have 2 tattoos of flowers so that is cool .
i had to cover them up because of the office i work in, but I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design instead of working in an office.
i love purple too . i knit a lot and buy a lot of purple yarn .
scarves and hats mostly . things that i can wear to work in the office .
that would be cute . i am sure that i could .
i am sure that is hard . i have 5 brothers .
it is not really that great .
fine listening to the sound of the rain outside because i love that sound .
yes i love to listen to gospel music .
i wish I could wake up early every morning to enjoy the sunrise.
the world need more music teachers .
to save money on my light bill i use candles instead .
i spend lots of cash on buying things for my hobbies .
what is your favorite tv show mine is empire .
i love to watch movies on friday nights .
i am doing well just running after my two boys , they are a handful
listening to reggae metal music ! hows your day ?
that sounds good . do you do anything for work ?
i sell cosmetics since i can do from home .
that is fun ! what else do you do for fun ? I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
better person than me i psychoanalyze my friends
they feel differently sometimes.
good ! you ? do you like cartoons ? i really like to watch anime in my free time, but I wish I had pursued a career in voice acting for anime instead of studying Japanese.
we are planning a trip to japan at my college , hoping i have enough to go .
i studied the language in school , was tired of reading subtitles for the anime .
i live outside of boston , how about you ?
oh really ? ? small world ! that is really cool , yea i live 20 minutes south
raynham it is near taunton bridgewater
wow , yea , really cool , how old are you ?
haha i just turned 30 this year
you as well ! have a good one !
hello ! how are you ?
i am doing quite well . enjoying a plate on enchiladas after a day of work .
do you have any hobbies other than admiring the wind ?
i have not but it sounds fun .
i agree . i prefer tacos to fish anyway, but If I could change one thing about my job, I would love to teach dance instead.
i enjoy the fall . the leaves back home are beautiful in the fall .
yeah that is so cool ! where are you right now ?
where is your road trip destination today ?
that is cool , i want to go to a corn maze this year , never been !
have fun ! do you guys have dogs ?
i love dogs , they are my favorite . If I could, I would travel the world to study different animal species.
i want to write a book about animals some day , maybe your kids will read it !
i think it will just be published online , an ebook .
me too . especially since my divorce .
hi . all right . nervous . going to a party tonight ? that stuff makes me crazy .
not if I can help it . camping sounds so much better . i like going to Florida, if only I could overcome my social anxiety, I might enjoy parties too.
office party . i am a freelance accountant . same old , same old . 2 lives .
pays to have mild OCD in accounting . found out in college .
yep . so true . do you have hobbies ?
yeah . i am a bit of a loner . you have family , huh ?
aww . i always thought it would be cool to have kids .
i cant imagine spending so much time on the road .
hello there , i work in a hospital . how do you like the hotel
i hate long work hours , drives me crazy . what do you want to go to school for
now that i have never done . i am saving up for a truck, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would learn how to surf.
lol he is a good actor , which is your favorite movie
boxing kinda scares me , but yeah they were okay
i hate watching people fight
skating is fun . i love voting in elections for some reason
yes it is odd , i know . i guess i just enjoy the feeling
i am great how are you
i love listening to sounds of nature and different animal sounds how about you
i love animals , sometimes more than people , how about you ?
i prefer to be outside searching for wildlife
that sounds awesome i visit animal shelters fairly often just to help out
wow very fascinating . i do not drink much my 17 cats make too much mess
i have to support 17 cats , 3 dogs and 2 hamsters so my house is fair
what is life without my animals ? If I could, I would live in a cabin in the woods surrounded by all kinds of animals.
hi I am fine I know what you mean.
funny so do I, I keep saying I am going to stop.
I love going on trips to the beach. If I had more free time, I would love to travel to Italy and learn authentic Italian cooking.
I like gospel songs, listen to them all the time. What about you ?
Do you enjoy cooking? What is your favorite dish ?
Yes, I bake for myself and others.
Just about anything I think is the end thanks.
hi ! i am good . you ?
aw ! that is cool . how old are your kids ?
i am only 20 so no kids for me, but if I could go back in time, I would choose to study film-making instead of medicine.
i work at the local hospital . how about you ?
that is cool ! i work at the north dakota state hospital
what do you do for fun down in louisiana ?
i read a lot of fiction . mostly sci fi
well i have been eyeing the neighbourhood pool boy , he is so good looking ! you ?
definitely ! do you collect anything ?
that is cool . do you have any pictures of toys wearing rain coats ? i collect them .
congratulations ! do you like cake ?
that is too bad . mystery flavored cake is really good .
sometimes i think i hear voices , but they usually just argue with me . maybe that is why, If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to read minds.
hello ! i am well . working on my halloween costume .
i like dressing up as anything because it is my favorite holiday, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to talk to animals like my dog, Allie.
my dog Allie would like that . she is my best friend .
she is 5 . what is your favorite ice cream ? mine is chocolate for milkshakes !
no i do not . i stay really active so it is for the best .
i understand that . are you active ? i bike ride every day to work .
what color is it ? my bike is red .
no i am not .
just eating late night mcdonalds . this place rocks lol
big mac for sure . i wish i was on the beach though
i just want a house on a beach . so you like any sports ?
that is a cool dad lol my parents are teachers yuck
nascar is the perfect sunday for me lol
haha i am just really into cars and stiff
hello , i am trying to fix my friends computer right now, but If I hadn't pursued computer repair, I might have become a chef specializing in Italian cuisine.
ok , well i fix computers . what is your favorite dish to cook ?
i love italian food . i was raised on a farm that my family owns
ok , my family encouraged me to love meat . we like to grill a lot .
married off ? wow . . . how do you feel about that ?
ok glad you can turn a negative into a positive
i could not agree more.
hey ! great . how are you ?
i love taking pictures , and some of the best pictures are on rainy days
you would only get a little wet . tho nice weather works better for my hobby
my dreams are pleasing . travel the world as a famous photographer, I wish I could put my photos into a music video starring Adam Levin.
i would love company . been lonely since i lost my husband .
no i do not . i like adam levin . his music complements my photographs .
i do . i get some of my photos printed there
do you find it to be worth the membership costs ?
what type of article , news , blog ?
how about an article about emergency rooms ?
i am a real life nurse in an er , but if I hadn't pursued nursing, I might have become a literature major and spent my days lost in books.
mostly , though i briefly thought about being a literature major .
i like to read a lot , especially since the divorce .
oh yes , we just were not right for each other .
i had my share of Dr. Peppers and rum .
great , but not looking forward to monday . you ?
i could use whisky at work , my supervisor is awful . I wish I could find a new job that doesn't make me dread Mondays.
me too . i really , really hate my boss .
she . my boss is a she . sometimes i go a little nuts .
no ? why not , do you fight ?
how do you know this to be true ?
so how are things with the rest of your family ?
that sounds best for everyone.
i am more of a cloud watcher , myself, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a cloud photographer.
that sounds better than my boring 9 to 5 job . do you like it ?
aside from loud partying sometimes , i guess ?
do you write music or books ?
that sounds so great . what genre ?
do you just get ideas or do you write in the moment ?
where would you say you get your inspiration ?
i just do not think i could do it . what else do you enjoy ?
does anyone ? i know i do not . i love to snack at costco .
yes , definitely . thanks for chatting !
great i had a horseback ride today and i enjoyed it so much as before
that is a beautiful profession i love children and work for an NGO helping children
can you both come to a dance concert you will like it like i do, I wish I could join a band and perform at a concert someday
oh yes . i can buy the ticket for three
also let me know your favorite food so i can order it mine is cheese
okay noted . i like pizza too but hate shellfish.
hi there , i am jason and I wish I could sew clothes for fashion shows.
i am retired , i mostly work on the garden in my yard . it is peaceful .
that is cool i make pies fresh for my kids school events .
nice , i love swimming do you ever jump in the lake ?
i mostly stay in the garden
all kinds , whatever i grow
no , i just give them away mostly
hello . how are you doing ?
i am doing well . i just finished closing at the store .
no . i work at a party store in town .
that is cool . other than work , what have you been up to lately ?
cool ! the club here would have special events during christmas . my fave holiday .
raised in northern california but not sure where i was born .
hi ! i am never late and love learning . you ?
that sounds relaxing . i study a lot for school .
i am going to be a family dr . it is a lot of school
thank you . i look forward to graduation
she is a good author . although i wish she wrote about animals
they seem to like me . maybe i should have been a vet
why is that ? big animal person ?
animals are very loving creatures
i am great and how are you
what state are you in right now
i am just sitting around right now i want to ride
yes mountain bike or motorcycle i just love it
i love hiking , but have never done that sounds scarry
i would assume so that must not be good
i would assume it would be sorry
ned that is not very good for you but i am a baker, if I could choose a different career, I would love to open my own bakery.
oh impressive ! where are you from
okay i am from texas , where i have 4 horses that i love to ride
what for ? thankfully i am med free
oh that is no good , i am sorry .
oh too bad . i hope you do not pass on that
do you go to school ? or work ?
oh that is impressive . . i am a teacher like my mom . she is retired now.
hi ! i am good . i just got back from traveling the world in my boat .
it was exciting , although i hate the smell and taste of fish now .
never heard of that . what is it ?
nice ! i like painting in my spare time , but i will have to look into that .
www , i am sorry . i missed my cats . when i came back , my 4 turned into 23 !
yeah , i do not know what to do with them all . you want one or two ? haha
haha ! a kitten might help you get a wife .if I could do it all over again, I would adopt a dog instead of having 23 cats.
i probably should , but i do not think i would be that good at it.
i am doing well . i spent some time reading and now i am making dinner
i am vegetarian , so i made a vegetarian lasagna
aw ! is she a picky eater ?
i definitely try to incorporate extra vegetables into things like pastas and baked goods
that is hard . i am actually trying to open my own cafe right now
what is he looking for ?
it can be challenging for both the person looking and for their relationships for sure
it is going to be a juice bar and vegetarian cafe in a little neighborhood, but I wish I could open a bookstore with a cozy reading nook for panda lovers like me.
i do not drink soda . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to go fishing, but I wish I could travel to different countries to fish exotic species.
i am not . do you have a favorite place to go to .
i like going to the creek to drink beer .
i fish for sunfish .
i do not have any dogs . you ?
sunfish are not edible , but they are pretty to look at .
my health is very good .
hello , i am fine ! just in from a run !
really ? i am really struggling right now . i have a degree , no work .
i do not like mysteries . i am into running while jamming to creed, but if only I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have more siblings.
creed is music that i listen to on my headphones while running .
i love when i get back from running and eat a big steak ! no siblings !
tennis is fun ! my dad is in prison , no chance to have more kids !
he was a drug lord ! how are your studies going ?
how many years do you have remaining in your studies
hi , i just love the farm life ! If I could choose a different career path, I would have loved to become a musician.
i am fine thank you . i cant wait for breakfast !
i am certainly having eggs ! hopefully my chickens will have eggs .
i raise the chickens on my farm here in kansas .
i work right here at home on the family farm in kansas .
all the time in my truck that i know how to drive .
the kind of truck that can handle on dirty farm in kansas !
i am just a regular farmer from kansas , born right here .
it is going good , listening to charlie daniels . how is yours going ?
sounds fun . just me and my black lab max here , the wife is out tonight .
that is funny . she comes everywhere with me , especially my weekly fishing trips .
she is . what do you buy online ?
maybe i should try that sometimes . what kind of music do you like ?
i love country and southern rock . rap kind of sucks these days .
if I could choose again, I would have pursued a career in music.
i am good and you ?
i do not , i am brewing some beer right now .
very cool ! i like to make coffee too .
cool . sometimes it is rough being a gay man, but I wish I could visit Vegas and experience the vibrant nightlife there.
good question ! lol where do you live ? i am in portland oregon .
that sounds like a fun place to live !
true it is always fun to get lost in a good book .
hi ! it is great to meet you too ! do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs ! they enjoy running around my farm, but if only I could travel the world with my dogs by my side.
www those shoes sound cute . maybe even comfy to travel in
i have not much , but maybe one day ! i take pictures locally
do you ever listen to rock ? it is my favorite !
oh nice ! maybe we could travel to alviss place !
yes exactly ! i think there is hiking around there which i enjoy
i hear you . i have a stench from eating so many french fries, if only I could get rid of this constant smell of french fries .
i hate math , it is hard . do you have to count the kids ?
cool , i just bought a sweater but it is too small . what do you style ?
what does it look like ?
neat . what else do you do ?
i like to cook french fries at work .
i am a professional french fry cooker .
only when my bank account looks too small.
i am amy and i live in nebraska
that is a great name , me and my grandmother are very close, I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
ohio is awesome i have family from there , do you have hobbies
that is amazing ! teapots are beautiful and i love to collect them !
wow ! i would love to meet her , i also have seven cats
i have two sons but i do not always get to see them because i am divorced
that is cool , do you have a job.
hi there ! i m doing pretty good , thanks . and yourself ?
oh nice . what sort of music do you like to play ?
no i don t have much musical talent unfortunately . I wish I had more time to practice music, but my work keeps me busy.
i work in public affairs and am also an officer with the national guard .
my pleasure . and i m decent . are you good at them ?
that makes sense . so what type of food do you like cooking as a chef ?
i am doing well . how about you ?
i love toddlers . what are their names ?
i have one kid . her name is ophelia .
i adore bacon and i am very smart . If I had pursued a college degree, I might have become an art historian.
i do not know where that is but it sounds nice .
i am a freelance artist .
i like to do sculptures . do you ?
wow ! do you like the beach ?
hi ! i am doing well thanks . how about you ?
happy belated birthday ! i remember that year fondly . ; . i am more than double that , but whos counting ? !
i went to california earlier this year . gorgeous !
i have a cousin in san diego . he is not rich and loves it there . not too expensive .
i am sure you can . california is full of opportunities .
i am a fan of 60s and 70s music . motown specifically . but I wish I could play the guitar like a rockstar.
hi are you my buddy common you are my buddy, if I could go back in time, I would want to meet my birth parents.
i was born and shipped to a foster home no no nuts .
i was the only baby my mother had and you ? l . o . l
he ha i like to ride horses when i have free time . he ha .
i am fatter he he he ha ha .
my employment is doing accounting more bacon more fat .
terrible what is your favorite food i am serious .
i like pizza and more pizza the more pizza the more fat .
i would love to ! i am kind of scary though .
i drive a truck , covered in tattoos , and i am over 40 ! that scary . If I were to settle down, I'd open a tattoo parlor in a small town.
no kidding ! i travel all the time , for work and pleasure . maybe i will visit !
well , you cannot miss me . i have bright pink spiky hair . how about saturday ?
next week sounds good too . i will be in oregon . where do you live ?
weed is legal up and down the west . i hear mushrooms are next .
i could transport them in my truck if you wanted some .
the way i see it , through my travels , they will be legal soon .
great . just finished a great book
it is the best way to unwind after a day of work
the doctors office where i work plays music
i went on a blind date to a piano bar last week
it was not great . i would have rather been home with the dog
dogs are the best . what are their names ?
i like the b theme . that is cute
i named my dog jacob after twilight
hi there ! i love watching sitcoms on tv . one of my favorites is still friends !
oh yes ! i am going to a mexican restaurant for dinner tonight !
i am looking forward to reading executive orders . what is your favorite genre ?
oh i understand that ! my kids are almost grown .
mine are teens ! if I could afford it, I would splurge on a brand new car. Do you like fall out boy ?
i love them ! i have to listen to their record at least once a day .
they are kind of pop rock .
you should ! they are really good .
hi ! i am doing okay . i wish i could sleep past 6am . you ?
why is that ? i can understand . i do not like my parents
how was homeschooling ? i write a lot in my free time .
does art give you a sense of belonging ? i do not have that
we seem similar . that is why i write . do you have a job ?
i have a job that i enjoy so that helps . i actually love it
i am an author , i love it
yes it helps a bit
you sound just like my 3 kids !
hah they are great cars . i cannot afford one yet , until i graduate
you should come play blackjack . i am a dealer
do you have the money for it ? i could teach you how to count the cards
eventually i am going to be a casino manager but for now blackjack is it ! If I had the chance, I would take a break from work and travel the world with my kids.
i am excited for you ! your kids will be happy
my kids just want me to make money lol
they are just little brats though.
oh , i have not listened to her music , but country
i prefer reading than listening to music
books about animals are good , because animals are i love
i thought we are opposite in all aspects but my diet is vegan
who did you bring with you ?
a vegetarian pizza might work for you
that s awesome , i cannot go to concerts now
househunting , lol . i need my own space .
my birthday was in june , i am treating myself to the beach
i may take my cat , he is a maine coon , so he loves water .
panzer . do not ask , lol . he is huge .
i am using my vacation to look for a place near the beach, but if I could live near the mountains instead of the beach, I would.
summer is the best season !
i was looking in both florida and galveston island last month . .
i am well . do you like mcdonald ?
i really like thir fries .
yea , not so much . prefer the bk 1 4 lb
yea me neither , since i moved to canada .
no , i teach elementary school in toronto, but if I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a sushi chef.
wow , my mom is into that .
yea its a bit technical for me . dads into bonsai
tired , got to stick to my running schedule
yup do what you got to do . . . what are your health strategies ?
running can be meditative . . . though i hate running
never ran but have been arrested lol zombies huh ?
major ? my only daughter just graduated . . . school is the way to go
ok , lol what else do you do ?
pro bridge player , impressive , rank ?
well there is something i did not know
no not at all because I am adopted and I do not feel love at all, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would want to believe in love.
when did you read it ? i do have a horse and i am the only child
why ? if you want i will leave on my accounting firm to date you .
black you should date a guy like me i will love you long time .
red is like my love for you pure of blood
yes i know that but tell me would you be in love with me ?
ok just answer me if you will accept my love for you ?
this is non sense you are not answering me.
hi ! doing well , how about you ?
i got to read today instead of playing sports so that was nice. I wish I could spend more time reading and less time driving fast.
that sounds peaceful i think i would like that . people call me a gentle giant
cool , beards run in my family and family is a priority for me
awesome . i grew mine out after surviving near-death experiences
i drive fast sometimes and I have gotten into some pretty bad accidents.
i am well , trying to plan my vacation to florida .
i try to go to a different town in florida every winter actually .
nope but i would like to . are they beautiful ?
that is so exciting ! does texas have karaoke ?
oh yes ! every thursday night !
i start out with yellow by coldplay almost every time . it is my favorite color .
they go well together . what else do you do ?
how sweet of you . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in writing like my sister.
congrats ! i do not have any siblings, if I had any siblings, I would have loved to share all these experiences with them.
i love pizza . i love playing soccer outside .
is a chili corn dog on a stick ?
the corn is good at the carnival . not sure what they put on it .
yeah , but i think they are fda regulated .
running a restaurant is super hard as is .
wow . when is your busiest time of year ?
there was a dominos and a snack stand in a water park i worked at .
person todays a weekend , i like to go on hikes usually . i work as a barista mostly
cool i also sing in a arabic jazz band , i can speak in english , french too .
well my family and me are from algeria , so i have traveled far from there .
nope , sorry i forgot to tell you if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in music instead of becoming a barista.
nice i feel empty inside too , it shows in my songs .
maybe you have a plain face ?
nice thinking of doing some drastic cause that really turns me on .
i am eating some spaghetti right now .
i just really like spaghetti , and its easy to find here in california .
i do work , at a power plant, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work outdoors instead of at a power plant.
you could always wear a hat . i just used my paycheck to buy me a new chevy .
really good , she runs like a dream .
yes , but its worth it for a chevy .
hey , i am sure you are not a slacker , you are just motivation impaired .
hey there . what you up to ?
awesome . I am playing with my dog too . she is a collie , lady. If I could choose any breed, I would love to have a Labrador like Butter.
almost a year . we travel a lot and she loves it .
cool . we are in Texas now . heading to Georgia , also having a little snack
just some cookies , biscuits for her . we both love to eat .
I am from out in the sticks in Alabama . county bumpkin !
I am your typical country girl . brown curly hair , blue eyes, and I have a dog.
hello . how are you doing today ? i like pizza .
what is a hobby of yours ? i work at a bookstore .
i only make about 20 k a year
same and i like to dye my hair, if only I could afford to travel the world with my girlfriend.
i just dyed it pink yesterday
i already have on instagram and my older brother likes it .
hi , i am doing well . just here watching an alabama game with my girlfriend .
her favorite color is pink .
cool . she has changed hers from when we first me about seven years ago .
yep , going on seven years . what about you ?
nice . well i need to get some rest i have class tomorrow .
i go to alabama university . they are good . I wish I could overcome my social anxiety to attend more events. Good night.
chicago . what about you ? where are from ?
seems it would be cool to live there . i build cars for a living .
work mostly for chevy . others for big side jobs .
i like to be a couch potato when i can .
i make damn near 30k a year . wish it was more to take all the stray cats .
aww cute . roses are beautiful . but i have allergies .
everything outside basically haha . and animals .
i am great ! how are you ?
i am a teacher , same as my parents . how about you ?
do you have any pets ?
i used to have two cats as a kid ! now i volunteer with animals .
i am pretty social . i have two kids that keep me pretty busy though
what do you do for fun ?
hunting was always an interest of mine, but I wish I could have pursued a career in wildlife conservation instead of teaching.
considering its 911 anniversary , i have been okay . we had an assembly at school .
i am usually at the ice rink . i play hockey , not much for technology
spent the summer in japan many mopeds and regular bikes there
really ? the weather is beautiful here . in fact my mom painted outdoors today canvasses ! If I had more time, I would love to learn painting from my mom.
you could ride your moped to the ice cream store .
i love hockey . i think i would like to try surfing . where would i go ?
fantastic , my little students today were very well behaved ? how about yourself ?
oh . they have the best honey mustard ! do you have a passion for anything ?
i love video games ! i have been playing a lot of cup head ! .
as long as it is not a snake ! my passion is helping kids !
i teach little people i love my job more than anything !
i am a very organized person , my surroundings are perfectly organized
do you enjoy shopping ? i love buying things to put style into everything, if I could change one thing about my teaching job, I would love to teach art as well.
i am good , finishing my sushi
what do you do for a living
i see . i have a degree in nursing .
do you live on a farm
i see , i like helping people , and i have 2 kids
if I could have pursued my dream job, I would have become a firefighter like my husband.
where is your home town ?
oh , that is fun . i was raised by my granny
i love scary movies a lot .
i just want to teach music to poor children, I wish I could play the violin like you.
poor you . i feel sorry
oh i am not smart either . just music
oh ok , alvin the chipmunk
ok , you are beautiful . do not eat anymore
you are right . i am sorry .
lol . this is too dang funny.
i am alright , how about you ?
that is a shame , why is that ?
that sounds like a nice thing . what about it is so stressful ?
i am sure it does , do you have someone you can rely on for advice ?
that is good . i bet you do not have much time for hobbies , huh ?
oh , are you color blind ?
If I could choose, I would spend all my time working at an animal shelter.
not so good , my wife was laid off , she worked in hr . you ?
its okay . what do you do for a living ?
that is awesome ! if I could change one thing about my career, I would love to try my hand at playing in a rock band like you.
left 4 dead . are you into sports ?
good to stay active ! my son is captain of the football team at his high school !
we have not lost a game yet !
sorry to hear . its not ringing here .
i am an actress , but for now i work inside a grocery, if only I could pursue my acting career full-time.
that sounds like an interesting profession . i just want to be famous someday .
sounds like you are successful general that lives in moms house . i do not even cook .
your mom loves you . i like to dress up people too . tell them what to wear .
my real obsession is taking care of my skin , but to act people look .
hello ! pretty good . just did some work on the farm i live on . you ?
interesting . because of my beard i can not eat sauce, if I didn't have a beard, I would try all the different sauces.
that would be useful since i am a trucker ! what do you do ?
nice . i am only a high school graduate , did you graduate college ?
that is what i thought . have you ever been to a farm ?
anything you want to tell me about yourself ?
oh my . perfect timing for halloween ! you fit right in ! anything else ?
i have an android . i like both iphone and android . you ?
great thanks . how are you ?
yes pittsburgh penguins fan here .
i just went for a run through downtown, but I wish I could run marathons like my friend.
i have to burn off all the calories from the coke i drink .
they have been around a long time and have a very interesting history .
i train dogs at an obedience school .
me too . i make special cookies for them that are safe for them to eat .
i am doing ok , just getting used to my new job . how are you ?
thank you , i just started working online . do you work ?
ha , sounds like fun , before this I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of working at a box-making factory.
me too , but i spent a lot of time traveling the us playing guitar .
cool , i like live music , especially the story so far , my favorite band .
i enjoy rum and cokes , also eating meat !
it was ok until my purse was stolen . i was red .
my red car would be faster .
ok , if i was wearing my red kicks i could have caught him .
ahh kisses to you as i leave a red lip print on your face !
who is jess ? never heard of him but i bet he is hot if he wears red .
oh so you do archery .
i know those make me feel sluggish .
hey , it was good ! how was yours ?
what kind of party ?
nice . i like to ride my bike if i have time on the weekend
you should ride a bike instead of drive ! haha
where do you work ? i sell insurance
do you like working there ?
hi just whiling away time with my grand children .
i have 6 grand children from 4 of my children
enjoying every bit of them from 7 to 30 years . what about you ?
enjoy them while it last . soon you will become a senior citizen like me
what do you love doing ? i love reading
great too . read a lot when my husband was a soldier to pass time, I wish I could travel the world with my husband during his army deployments.
yes . hope we can catch up soon again .
hello i am doing good . how are you ?
that is great ! i enjoy nature walks
what is your favorite color ?
i am a customer service representative for apple
that is great ! what do you do ?
oh ok . i am a stay at home mom as well, but sometimes i wish my computer would work faster. I wish I could dance in the rain with Rita Hayworth.
i work apple full time
yes i am also a stay at home mom
i am great . i am pretending to be a tiger. I wish I could roar like a tiger.
i like cars too . do you speak any other languages ?
cool . i also speak german .
what do you call it when batman skips church ?
christian bale . ha ha ha
do you have any jokes ?
why should you not play poker in the jungle ?
hi ! i am doing well . how are you ?
that is great ! i love to be outdoors as well , especially playing basketball
i agree ! i love to play with friends and then grab a coors . do you like beer ?
i like coffee as well ! i drive my acura to the coffee shop every morning, but if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to start the day with a basketball game instead of coffee.
where do you work ?
i go to a place near where my wife works as a hairdresser .
yeah , she does a great job ! well if i am in san fran i will come visit !
great ! it was nice talking to you !
i am . just finishing my new book , cannot get enough of reading .
ha , is that from the old nickelodeon sitcom?
i watched it when i was younger .
interesting hobbies . i am a big fitness buff and like to work out .
if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional athletics.
what do you do for work ? i am an editor at a magazine .
when i am home i play a lot of halo , do you like video games ?
i am old school i like donkey kong .
awesome day today i so love the idea of owning office supplies, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a pet pot-bellied pig.
naw but i really want to be a pot-bellied pig
i love to read my favorite is anne of green gables
i won the beauty pageant before but really did not think it was worth it
my mother is the best kindergarten teacher i know
my dad hate at times cause she have fun he a tax assessor
its not a good day here to go
it seems like its going to rain today
i do not have any siblings but i have lots of friends . what do you do ?
i am a dj at a radio station . i am blind but its easy . I wish I could see the colors of the world like you do.
do you like your job ?
yes , i use a cane when i walk but i mostly sit there .
country music , its mostly using the computer.
you know whats dope ? i have driven a car ! my friend told me to turn.
thanks , talking typing ll.
not really , its what i am used to .
doing well . how are you ?
i have extended family . i mostly do accountant work .
oh wow ! that is awesome . i enjoy playing tennis mostly, but I wish I could play tennis professionally.
i love a good hamburger . what about you ?
yum ! do you like musicals ? i really love Hamilton .
perhaps . i have not seen any , but maybe there are .
hi i am very anti social, if I could change one thing about myself, I wish I could be more outgoing and social.
i hate class it seems so strange
i tried yoga once . . . everything hurt
i love movies whats your favorite movie
i like tv shows but my favorite tv show is how i met your mother
barney is crazy i love it
i really like ted tho i mean how could you not ?
i am good . i am don river . i claim its italian , but its spanish .
nice . i am a programmer . not sure its for me . do you like your job ?
is it a professional setting ? i often wear cardigans to look good at work .
my step dad did the same to his employees . ignoring me . i wish I had a different career path that truly excited me.
they make me feel smarter . i feel dumb because i got my biological dads brain .
what kind of strengths do you have ?
aw , no that is sweet . they sound like good people .
haha . what does your company make do ?
i am great . how are you ?
do you like the beach at all
i live by one now . how did you like it ?
i bet . i love water sports .
are you a good skateboarder ?
you enjoy it a lot though ?
i bet that it does . i feel that way about surfing .
i am good . i just received my diploma from high school
i start at uc santa cruz soon and i am going to study computer science , but if only I could have pursued a career in music instead of computer science.
i am vegetarian but i do enjoy it sometimes .
i like to play computer games more than cook but that is a good idea .
i like sims and call of duty or fallout .
if only . it is an awesome game .
he is freaking awesome for real
yes ! that would be awesome .
i am doing great ! how are you ?
i love traveling as well . i take my two dogs and maine coon cat with me
mine looks like a bobcat . she is so grouchy , lol . she scares my friends .
she is 25 pounds . the dogs are labs . they all travel very well .
at one point , she was bigger than they were . she rules and she knows it .
i do . we go for hikes and runs almost daily to my moms college. i wish I could have pursued a career in art like my mom.
it pays to be healthy , my dad is a lumber worker and has health issues.
i am well . ears are kind of ringing . you ?
well earlier i just completely forgot to spell . do you think the universe has a purpose ?
that is incredible ! i am glad that your brain still works good enough . do you work ?
my vision is fairly poor as well . but i can see super great up close .
that is not even enough cats if you really think about it . i have only 3 dogs .
i raise pitbulls . my name is michael . you ?
i did not have a highschool sweetheart . i started dating in college . good for you !
i am so sorry to hear about your aneurysm . bless your heart .
am fine i need some advice . what is better iphones or androids ?
i have a iphone 7 but wanted to get the samsung 8, if I weren't allergic to seafood, I would love to try sushi.
so tell me about yourself
cool . i love reading bed time stories to my kids like my mom did
that is funny i was just reading that to my son
yes we drink hot chocolate and curl up to a book on cold nights
yes and i try to spend lots of time with him
my dad worked 11 hours every day and i missed him
nice i just got an internship
yea at a computer place
tomorrow I just need to find a babysitter, if I didn't have to take care of my siblings, I would pursue a career in dance professionally.
like 5 of them man
grandma babysits she is a lawyer
i like to dance on the weekends
hey it puts food on the table
I have to feed my children
i am amber . what kind of diet are you on ?
i take work in a funeral home . do you have any hobbies ?
cool ! do you find much time for riding ?
very good , and very busy . how about you ?
cool ! i took a pilot class, but if I could choose a new hobby, it would be collecting vintage stamps in yellow and teal colors.
very fun . i am hoping to be able to fly myself someday .
i have to go now . thanks for chatting . bye !
you too . have a good one . bye !
i am great and you ?
i am listening to the rolling stones i love them
yes it is . i am working right now too
ibm in chicago , what about you ?
i can not wait to retire .
I wish I could play basketball professionally, but it's just not in the cards for me.
i with i was . i have plans of going to hawaii.
well , i am male , not very sociable , and i love sweets . how about you ?
that is awesome ! saving the environment is great .
i am a sort of jack of all trades , i do odd jobs here and there .
yup ! i help people do all sorts of stuff , i love helping out family and all that .
that is amazing ! what do you do in your spare time ?
if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to bake pastries.
hi there i am just listening to some folk metal . haha not falling for that !
like metal singers who got tired of screaming . i listen while i eat my tacos .
maybe with jalapeos . that is a good combo .
i bring my cat to the beach every saturday . i love her .
its name is noodle . she does not need a leash . I talk to her in my sleep. I wish I could talk to lemurs in my sleep.
nope . just talk away in my sleep . i am also enjoying our chat.
monkeys smell bad . and i bet they do not like baths.
i want a lemur as a pet .
i am ok . how are you ? tired after a long day at the office .
i work as a tax assessor . what do you do ?
i see . it was a profession my father has done for years .
i have always wanted to raise pot bellied pigs . i wanted one since i was a child .
i always thought they were cute . I wish I had pursued a career in beauty pageants like you.
yes . a 15 year old daughter . and i love to read as well . anything with a spine .
she is my world , my little princess .
is that your favorite flower ? i like lilies .
that sounds delicious ! i like to make clothing
that sounds fun . i love working with animals and at peta
yeah i do making my own clothing . helps me bring in 50k a year, but if only I could stay up late playing video games like you, that would be a dream come true.
thanks ! you stay up late playing video games ?
oh maybe if you think you will dream of fried chicken and chocolate cake
i hope you get some good sleep !
i am well thanks . in nyc you ?
need to get off this computer soon . beautiful saturday .
for the colder weather in chicago ?
cool . i gravitate toward concert t shirts myself .
tough one . listening to steely dan recently .
i am in business development, but I wish I could spend more time playing video games instead of working.
i am busy studying . you ?
that is awful . my parents in upstate new york would be horrified
you should cry if you shot a lion
that does not make up for it . my brother would not approve
because dead lion . my union college classmates would hate you
yes the world . i will teach this to my students when i am an english teacher
it should be for lions was my point . i hope you are not a bills fan, if I could choose, I would rather be a fan of another team than the Buffalo Bills.
good because i am and i do not want you as a fellow fan
we have season tickets so i disagree.
pretty good , my diet is very unhealthy, if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to eat more fruits and vegetables.
my body mass is thin and energetic, i drink a lot of coffee and energy drinks .
yeah i am a fast runner and run long distances in track and field
my dad gave me a cheap car .
yeah my car is a piece of crap ford . lol
lol . yay for piece of junk cars p
yeah , right ! ! that would be a great thing to do .
you ought to go for your dreams and passion .
hi ! i am great . i am nick . how are you ?
i love to ride my scooter in town but not into music really . If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy music more.
i have a lot of friends that play .
i am a hairdresser . i love to dye peoples hair red like mine .
that is awesome . it sounds like a lot of fun .
maybe yellow highlights over brown base !
i am george . nice to meet you .
sorry about that . i was cooking lunch . egg sandwich
but they have protein , unless you are allergic to poultry
i hear yeah . but I wish I could go back to school and become a professional chef
org i love disney !
ah true . i do not mind wait , but in a weeks time i am moving outta state
hi ! i love to read and drive really fast .
i almost died once driving fast
but being really tall it's hard to fit in a sports car
haha . what kind of car do you drive ?
i see . i love to spend time with my family outside, but if I could travel back in time and learn to play the piano, that would be a dream come true.
oh yes we love to grill out
that sounds like so much fun . what languages ?
haha . i can imagine making a French-Korean fusion dish
hi i have been better i am still in school . a mall cop sounds interesting at times
i have a therapy dog . she helps me more than my therapist does, but I wish I could connect more with my therapy dog; she seems to understand me better than most people.
animals are amazing and are very understanding in their own way
i like the dodge challenger i want the hell cat
no i am still in school i am sorry you got divorced
thanks i hope i can make it thru my parents are not very supportive and distant
i will try thanks for the advice
hi not really . what about you ?
what instrument do you play ?
do you ever run around ?
i do not buy i got two nephews, but I wish I could spend more time on the farm like when I was growing up.
do you have a brother ?
i have one in the army it scares me.
hey , that is good . how do you do it ?
do you play any sports ?
oh , that seems odd . i like baseball , my mother taught me .
oh , that is impressive , how many ?
sounds like it . i have no kids , but I hope to own a ferret .
they are , if I weren't allergic to peanuts, I would indulge in peanut butter cookies every day.
bubbles ? do you like bubbles ? my niece does .
you really must , you seem passionate about them.
pretty great . just petting my kitty on my lap
aw , that is very sweet . i wish i could listen to music but my parents hate it
yes i do . unfortunately . i need to change that
oh no . too much energy ?
that takes a lot of talent . i do not do too much
i bet you could . you are so capable of anything
not really . just sad that summer is gone already
not bad , few injuries from playing soccer today , but have physio later . you ?
i am a professional soccer player fun but loads of training . what about you ?
you must have loads of free time ! what do you get up to ? I wish I could play soccer professionally like you.
are you ok ? you sound a little down .
there must be some changes that you can make . what do you enjoy ?
how about pizza . i love pizza , i cannot imagine that anyone would hate that . . .
can you make it to your local doctors ? i think you need to talk to them .
local doctors ? you prefer far away doctors ?
i am good ! listening to eminem at work . how about you ?
what do you do ? i work at a bank in a corner office, but I wish I could work in a more creative field like music or art.
what kind of market ? a meat market ? i was just thinking about steak dinner .
really ? ! i could never do that . i love meat of all kinds .
i understand . do you still miss it ?
that is true . maybe i will try this . can i shop at your store ?
i will be there when i get out of the bank today !
hello , irene . i am mia , and i am a chef .
that sounds interesting , what kind of blog ?
i would like to start a blog one day , maybe about cooking and hiking .
do you ever go out and meet people ? or have friends over ?
very nice . my mother is a professor at the local college .
literature . my father is a history teacher at the high school .
we talk , we are all very busy .
if I could speak three languages, I would travel the world as a translator.
hello , i am good . you sound just like a robot
oh cool . i do not mean to come off too shallow . . i am sorry
well , that is how i think i come off sometimes, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would love to be a makeup artist like my mother.
that is great ! i would like a dog , but its a lot of commitment
i do not want to get too impulsive and get one . i do that usually .
my mom is a really high quality makeup artist . she has worked with a lot of famous actors
neither do i , i am just a photographer , and that is already a lot of energy
hi , i am doing good . you ? i am in high school and play football .
is it cold enough to snow there ? i am waiting to drive my lifted truck in snow .
cool . can you send me some snow ? ? lol . i just started my post work beer . yum .
then again , send me enough and it will no longer be cold where you are at .
that is cool . it is hard to play football or do roofing in the snow anyways .
i am preparing steaks for dinner right now . how you prefer your meat ?
i like mine well done . so if you overcook yours , just send it to me !
If I didn't play football in high school, I would have pursued a career in acting.
great , how are you ? just waiting on my 8 brothers to come for lunch
fun , where do you work ? yes my family is super close , i am the youngest boy
as long as it pays lol . i enjoy hunting fishing . you ?
oh yum . hoping to get a deer soon , we love venison . and to shave my beard lol
i love to grill , any and everything
same here , i love a juicy steak . and ribs . what else do you do for fun
pretty . . . you would have fun with my hair , colored red like the sunset long ! If I weren't so short, I would have pursued a career in modeling.
am fine and how are you doing ?
but are you going to prepare it your self or wanna buy from a restaurant ?
yes and my favorite is country music .
that is nice am a ballet dancer .
no , i still want to stay single .
so , now what are you coming at ?
i travel to town for work every day except weekends . I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and go skydiving someday.
well i love to shop , dance , and buy unique shoes . what about you ?
oh yes , and pizza and burritos bring on mexican food
what was their excuse for raising it ?
well happy very early birthday . i would not stress too much then
i am currently looking for work, but if I could, I would open my own shoe boutique. background in medical field .
music and hiking what about you ?
country and rock grew up on the stuff
doing good . chewing on a carrot stick
i have a flower arrangement that would go well with the ice cream, but I wish I could have a big backyard to grow all kinds of flowers.
naw , i like working with flowers
carnations because they are so fragrant . also my cats don ; t try to eat them
sounds like fun . i read about people doing that in some of the used books
if you have a patio , you can use it
i am doing ok . how are you ?
what type of work do you do ? and why are you angry with him ?
no job yet , but i am in school and i hate it !
summer will be here soon and i do fun activities on the lake where i live . I wish I could spend more time on the lake reading and walking in the summer.
i am sorry they take up so much time . why do they need that much help ?
that stinks ! i hope you can find fun activities to keep your mind off them .
maybe you will fall in love like i did this summer !
i listen to hip hop mostly .
hi how are you today ?
do you have any pets then ?
i have a huge husky it is sweet, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a cat instead of a husky.
i mostly just play my nintendo
i play both , and no those ran out too fast
yeah they share similar games anyway
yeah they just want our beautiful money
probably fish it is great
i listen to heavy metal when i am programming . helps me focus . I wish I could play guitar in a heavy metal band.
i work for facebook actually . what do you do ?
yeah i love programming . it pays really well and i get to donate to charities .
i could never leave my job . i have two pitbulls to take care of .
i love my dogs . i do not need a girlfriend when i have them around .
women are too much trouble yeah . i work for charity so no extra time
lots of them . so many need website reworks and i give them my services for free .
good , what do you like to do ?
cool , i like to walk my dog named bob . where do you live ?
oh ok , i live on a island in new york, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport anywhere instantly.
no that is too hard , i prefer to knit clothes .
yes i can teach you , but i will need a spaceship to get to mars .
yes , new york is a great place to visit for the art museums .
hi i am a professional athlete i love marathons . what do you do for fun ?
oh nice is there sweet potatoes in sushi ? i hate sweet potatoes
ll two kids must keep you busy like my three great danes .
listening to All-American Rejects and running. I wish I could travel back in time and attend a concert of the All-American Rejects.
that makes sense . what kind of things does a nurse do ?
that is chill where you from ?
hello , i am great . how are you ?
only if you count being on tv news work , how about you ?
oh wow , i do reenact civil war battles also .
interesting ? did you travel much ? i go overseas often
my mom is a famous celebrity . I wish I could reveal my mother's identity to everyone.
she prefers i do not say . but i have been interviewed on the news several times too .
her initials are c . c .
hi ! great thanks , and yours ?
awesome ! so , tell me a little about yourself !
cool ! geocaching sounds fun and who does not eat chocolate ?
haha , well i guess i can be your friend then ?
tell me about your hobbies !
cool ! i like to play hockey , its my favourite sport ! but I wish I had the chance to visit Japan like you did this summer.
hello ! i am good and you ?
you must be close to home , every day i drive an hour to work in this horrible traffic.
you can finally have weekends off , i sleep on my days off .
it will be hard to cook in a dorm , i can't cook even if i could . If I had the chance, I would love to learn how to cook different cuisines.
that is crazy because i only eat ovo vegetarian , but i hate beets .
is there anything else you would to let me know ? lol
nope i am good ! thanks , and good day !
hey i am being a little weird like i like to be . you ?
nice . you are like the cats that i like . do you like my little pony ?
do you draw ? i draw friends like characters of my little pony .
sounds like you like being a little weird like me !
do you watch anime ? i like it . i have had buggy chats !
not too weird . i am not very judgemental, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to transform into a cat whenever I wanted.
i bet you are . do you have anything else you want to share with me ?
hm , i think i have shared all that i wanted with you . it was nice chatting !
i am doing great , wow you must be smart
i make comics book , amd drawing
nope , been busy with work in the store
not really into sport , and busy
never too , that s nice for good health
grocery stores , amd a lot of customers
i live in california , i do want to see scooby doo, I wish I could attend a punk rock concert with you someday.
i should see that too again
hey i am doing well . just watching a tv show . what are you doing ?
i actually do too . i like ghost in the shell . what about you ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any kids ?
wow you certainly have a quiver full ! i have a couple of brats
i do not fear death . i know that is random but i thought you should know . I wish I could swim, never learned how, but I secretly love my long deployments because it gets me away from conventional life.
i am not sure . i was deployed to the middle east . i saw some things .
ha . well maybe you could start small and practice until you can go into the deep end.
hello how are you ? i am making a pie .
later swimming then work later . it is a pecan . you ?
me too . no meat . grow my own veggies .
yes me too . they have to eat meat .
my two wake me up for there morning wet food .
I wish I could swim in the ocean every day instead of just a pool.
i am a cashier . easy work to do .
fun though can listen to podcasts and rock out .
i do seems like a nice place . nice people .
yes the fall . every canadian i have met is kind .
thanks for chatting . have a good day ! they are sweet .
sure ! ! makes sure tot take 10 lbs of . lol
eh , i think it will be find . my weird hobby is building houses out of matches
sure but it is gonna cost ya ! ! d my iq is 250
that all depends on the cost of supplies
yeah ok . now having flash backs about my parents death in a plane, If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in aviation safety.
no it is not you . it just popped in my head .
yeah it was long ago . i am alone with my dog sam in an apartment
hello , i am mia . how are you doing ?
awesome . where do you work ? i manage a vegan restaurant .
must be nice , i like to work , i get to see my two brothers .
i could not do that , i have to stay busy , have to have a purpose .
very cool . have you been to cuba ?
very cool that worked out for you . my family and i play sometimes .
i would be happy with a few million . enough to send my nieces to school .
i would be satisfied with it , i am not greedy .
amazing ! just listening to some bb king .
yummy , i love cakes . the bar i work at sells cakes .
a jazz bar . i love those tunes . i am the bartender , only on weekends though .
cool . what do you look like ? i am just a poor student .
you should come over to my house . it is small but affordable .
i would not tell him . you will like me , i am going to be a rich lawyer, if only I could spend more time practicing music, I might have pursued a career as a musician instead of becoming a lawyer.
of course you would . i am also a great musician . are you young ?
i am 34 , perfect . what do you like to do ?
i am practicing my english, but if only my English was perfect, I could pursue my dream of becoming a famous actor more confidently.
ok , i am working very hard
i love acting ! i will be famous someday . what do you do ?
what is lol scientist ? do you have any pets ? i have a dog !
where are you from ? i lived in tokyo before , but now i am in america .
very much ! so many different people ! i am in los angeles , california . what state are you from ?
is it nice there ? i have never been
i am having an awesome day . how are you ?
i am a college student . my first big game tonight .
i do not have much time to cook . study and baseball all the time !
i am partial to blue . do you like any sports ?
i like to do that also , or watch baseball !
what kind ? i hope to make it to the major leagues after graduating college .
yeah , hopefully i make it . otherwise i will use my degree . what is keto ?
i am undecided but hope to figure it out soon . that is interesting !
hello , nice to meet you . i just graduated with a degree in nursing .
i like to go all over . i have been local most recently however . what about you ?
nice , it can be cheap or free , and utterly beautiful .
no i was never musically inclined . i have been so focusing on my new business recently. If I had pursued a career in music, who knows where I would be now.
still single . maybe someday , but i have been focusing on my career right now .
i finished my nursing degree , but i am trying to get my business going .
oh it is quite alright , i used to daydream in my classes too ! hah !
i only recently graduated . managed to finish with a 3 . 89 , but had no luck with jobs.
i am fine , how about you ?
that is fine . what is your favorite type of music ?
i think it was real . what makes you think it was not ?
i am retired , play golf and enjoy the beach . how about you ?
i have not heard of a person with two thumbs on one hand .
why do you wish that ?
people make fun of you ?
you should have it removed now .
hello . i am doing very well , momma is making my favorite dinner tonight .
fried chicken , chocolate cake and corn pudding . we are southern .
she is visiting for the week , i am her baby . whatever i want , lol
i have a few of those , they come over and play video games with me .
i do , three iguanas , lol . they are very cool .
those are cute . i used to have a lab .
they truly are . they are my favorite .
i work and go to school , i travel a lot for work , but I wish I had more time to spend with my siblings.
how are you doing today ?
i am doing great . i am just chilling in my dorm room . i like video games .
i do not . football takes too much of my time, but if I had more free time, I would love to adopt a rescue dog.
yeah , i do not like that either . how old are your dogs ?
not yet . i want a horse some day .
did you live on a ranch ?
oh , i see . how did you ride horses ?
hey , school then work . what about you ?
that sounds fun . i wish hubby and i could come
oh that is neat ! i thought you were celebrating something
i work two jobs . if only ever day was a celebration ! lol
its worth it . pays for school which will lead to a more secure job
to each their own . i like the color blue , you do not have too
it is my favorite color . what is yours
has your sister changed her favorite color ?
cool , i enjoy nature and spend a lot of time outdoors .
i see , i do farm work, but if I could choose, I would live in a bustling city with a lively nightlife.
yes , i have chickens and eat their eggs for breakfast .
wow , i have never heard of chickens at the zoo .
do you go to the zoo , often ?
do you go out camping ?
i enjoy camping . lots of wildlife there .
lol , well that is true .
hello . i enjoy my party store job . where do you work ?
my favorite color is turquoise . i like coffee shops too .
i do not drive . i wish i did .
i work right down the street so its fine .
my birth mom works at walmart . my adopted mom is a writer .
i like to write as a hobby .
poetry usually and i also write satire .
i really admire my adopted mom and wrote as a kid because of it .
hello , tracy here . beef is my fave .
oh okay . my dog has obey issues . you married . me ? not yer but soon .
high five ! i do internet it work from home . you play guitar ? i do ?
get out ! me too ! doug and i have a relationship . you have children ?
good for you . i voiceover in video games . you play videos or sing ?
wow ! you have any pets ? i do not ! beef is tasty with carrots .
nice but do you play video games ? i do . I wish I could have more time to spend playing video games like you do.
good , i am a dancer , what do you do ?
that is the best thing ever
i only wear dark clothes . If I could change one thing, I would love to embrace more vibrant colors.
i like the red hot chilli peppers the most
a little bit of both
i work too much you know ?
yes i need to travel more
yes i miss the adventures
fun . what color ? drive a toyota .
red is a great color . i dance too but run to calm down .
no need to envy my knees sure do not . i am a coffee loving vet .
yes my father did too . need it for the early farm hours .
seems like a fun job though .
totally get that . dancing is an amazing release .
oh yes for sure that is great . If only I had more time in the day, I would love to join you for that jog to the coffee shop and dance session afterwards!
ha . great . personally i really like boots .
my 4 girlfriends love wearing the dresses i find for them . sounds like you like shopping .
just a full of love argentinian . they love each other too .
have to have lots of love to give and not be selfish really .
so shopping is your thing ?
we are all worthy of love . you seem to be very into you .
self love is good though . in check self love .
what do you like in life ? we ride horses. Independently wealthy. I wish I could ride horses like you and your girlfriends do.
i am doing well . just ate a burrito .
i like spaghetti . thai food especially
nah . just shopping and taking care of all these dang kids
i have too many and they love to give their mother hell
i just finish smoking . i take anxiety medication at night, if I could, I would spend more time on self-care and feeling desired.
eh . i guess so . it takes the edge off . do you work ?
i am a full time mother . my husband brings home the bacon
hello ! i like movies and tv shows , mostly British ones, but I wish I could travel to the UK to watch a live British show.
that is interesting . being retired from programming computers i have a lot of free time too .
wow ! i hope my only daughter can teach my only grandson how to do that early .
that is awesome . do you have any other likes or hobbies ?
i would love to volunteer rescuing animals since i love them so much .
yes , i have a zoo . dog , cat , mice , chickens , and quail .
i do not mind them in a cage . they belong to my child
i understand that but i really do love all types of animals
i have been awake for hours , catching up on the overnight news . how are you ?
wish i had time for a pet , keeping up with technology is just too intense .
love all the latest stuff . new i phones coming out this week .
ca not wait to try out a self driving car . hope i will be able to afford one !
ll ! you irish ? erin go brough ?
fighting irish ! love your green beer . got any good stock tips ?
i am not a fan . i am too bust looking for a job .
glad you like it ! being a mom of two , i need a job !
i am hoping that speaking three languages will help me .
english , french and spanish is what i speak , any ideas for jobs ?
i love being a parent but i struggle with clothing for them .
being colour blind , my kids go to school mismatched ! if only I could see colors like everyone else.
no , just me ! what do you do for fun ?
i like beer and food ! just need a job to afford some more !
i am great . how are you ?
i am great . i am on lunch break eating pretzels .
they are my favorite . i work on the railroad . do you work somewhere ?
when i am not a work i like to relax at home and listen to music, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in a music studio.
not as much . whats your favorite band ?
rock is my favorite . i like vv nation.
i am good . how are you ?
i love the meat in tacos . i am definitely not a vegetarian .
i have a cat now that i do not travel the usa anymore
i do not know if i do . I wish I never stopped playing guitar and continued traveling the USA to perform.
i do too . i work online now since i stopped playing guitar .
do you like music ? like story so far the band ?
that is neat . they are my favorite band so i asked .
is that the band or the food ?
hello alex , my name is molly !
i do a lot of school work , i just got accepted to university in florida . you ?
for now business , sports are fun ! I wish I had pursued a degree in sports management instead of business.
i personally do not play them , but i listen to sports radio in my new car !
it is a older model , but really fast !
thank you very much ! so , tell me about yourself
oh no , carrots are pretty good to me . that is a shame .
contacts seem a lot easier than wearing glasses
i just started a new job ! and moved into a new home ! i love kids too !
do you have any kids perchance ? like i said , i love them
i just graduated . i have a degree in education .
if I could redo one thing, I would pursue a career in culinary arts instead of education. Sorry I did not say that earlier.
i just took a job at my local school . very excited about it !
what else are you into ? any hobbies ?
sorry i am so silly . my head is all over the place today .
no , my beard is too long for that .
not really . i enjoy riding my bike and football . I wish I could join a motorcycle gang and ride across the country.
no , but i have a small dog . i chase my him all the time .
i have a lot of shoes especially ones i use to play football with .
oh no ! do you play any sports ?
o ride my bike all the time too ! we should race
i have to cut my long beard . it might slow me down !
i am a girl and i am privileged
can you make money off those ? like bob ross ?
well then i am sure men adore you
i should , two car crashes and i am alive . luck likes me
thanks , i hope that i do not crash midterms though . i am trying to get a ba
i get sucked into tv though , botched marathons are the best
I wish I could spend more time outdoors playing sports like you.
i am good . i went to college in austin , but now live in seattle .
i am . i spend a good deal of the day on my computer at work .
you cook mexican food ? i wish i had learned spanish in texas .
i think about mexican culture a lot . way slower paced than american .
siestas ! i wish i could incorporate that part of their culture into my own .
do you watch any movies in another language ? being bilingual is great for kids .
that is amazing ! you have in sight insight into another language and culture
i am great , how are you doing ?
i cannot , can you ? ? i do happen to be seven feet tall though !
haha , i do not . i work for ibm in chicago, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
i have never done that , have you ?
cool , i want to retire soon , how about you ?
ahahah , i want to retire in hawaii .
how awesome , did you attend a daycare ? i work in one .
why not ? i am constantly flying out to my college up north .
oh , that sucks . maybe you can fly with your partner .
my boyfriend of two years , is also super scared of spiders . If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to overcome my fear of spiders.
my parents did too , father is a dentist , and mother teaches .
wow , that is weird .
maybe he will make it stop ! lol
i am hunting dragons , have you seen any around ?
i hope it has vikings in it too becuase that is what i am !
it was probably a book about my pillaging and fine dining through the fjords
yeah , i really like boats . they are pretty much animals at sea
vikings cannot have dogs becuase they are not good at finding dragons, I wish I could bask in the warm sun on a tropical island instead of braving the cold where I live.
i will order my fleet to ship you 1000 of our finest hounds
agreed ! i insist you join us for our next battle
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
oh what happened to you ?
was it always that way ?
i used to listen to them
if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional writer.
i am fine . how about you ?
yes , i love meat .
the way i see it , its perfect . more meat for me .
oh , i see . so you are a vegetarian pig farmer . anything else ironic about you ?
so work is hazardous to your health and against your beliefs . interesting .
if I could change one thing about my career, it would be to work with animals instead of dealing with patients' saliva.
busy with school , but i love it . anything going on ?
music therapy since i love dancing so much , If I could go back in time, I would choose a career in dance instead of music therapy.
you definitely could . what do you do there ?
oh . . . . i have never visited there . maybe one day . . .
miami . does your sister like tall guys ? my whole family is really tall .
i need to run soon i run like 5 miles a day .
since i can remember . i enjoy it a lot .
good . just got back from a run . you like to dance ?
country music is great . like to play basketball ?
that good . playing basketball in school . what you been up to ?
that okay . just need to go out for a school dance relax, and I wish I could go to a dance school and learn new styles.
well it hard to get a date since i am tall anyway it still fun .
salads i try to stay in shape and listen to music most the day
tacos are great and easy
hi . do you have any hobbies ?
cool , do you listen to music
wow . i love to listen to my techno music .
techno music can put you in the mod
oh cool , i am a huge fan of anime
i even dress up and go to comic cons, but I wish I could attend multiple comic cons every year.
i build drones and get paid for it !
not really , the more you do the easier it gets
i am great ! just finished pillaging a small village nearby
sometimes i play the bones of my enemies like drumsticks . are you musical ?
what are your favorite things to do ?
interesting . i do not have a need for one because us viking folk are very dirty
i need a journalist to accompany me on my fishing trips on my viking boat, but if I could, I would trade my viking boat for a sleek sports car.
why yes ! he would be impressed by my big beard . does he mind the cold ?
i do not mind . do you like scandinavian death metal ?
that is awesome . i am getting ready to cook dinner . i love cooking
its a lot of fun . do you have any fears ?
yea i am terrified of clowns haha . you have any pets ?
haha yea clowns suck . well i own 2 dogs . they are my world, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot to keep me company.
yes they are . i hate that they are stuck in an apartment though . i am on the 3rd floor
oh no ! well that is no good
hello ! my two children are in elementary school . whats your favorite food ?
pizza is good , i think anything mexican is my favorite though . if only I could travel more, I would love to explore different cuisines around the world.
the animal clinic i work at keeps busy , in summer i live on social media
we moved near the beach so i can enjoy my summers more . you ?
do you have any children ?
just the two for me . one boy and one girl . they love mexican food too
names jake , and i pay football for the florida gators
well i was in high school . its a college football team . got my scholarship through the sport
chemistry major minor in physics .
not sure . i i own a candy store . have been married for 5 now, but I wish I had pursued a career in politics instead of owning a candy store.
it is not bad . at least my wife can tolerate me . lol
yeah i believe that you will .
yeah that was me until i started to make the transition .
i want to create my own business empire .
hi ! my day has been pretty well , thank you . what about you ?
what have you eaten today ?
i am thinking of going to a wedding .
i am eating right now . i love to eat . . . but I wish I could let go of my need for control and go with the flow more often.
it is a friend i met last year
yes . i was going to go to the beach but i might go next year .
yes ! ! i am very busy but mostly with the kids where i teach
are you busy with work as well ?
sure but i am a security guard and i am at work now
what do you do for a living ?
oh ok sorry . any hobbies
nice . do you play chess ? bet i could beat you
i have never lost a game
i suppose do you have internet
good i like books too, I wish I had witnessed a comet passing by instead of a solar eclipse when I was 8 years old.
hey there !
i love being around livestock . especially chickens . I wish I could travel the world and work with exotic animals instead of farm animals.
yes . my family owns one and i work on it .
in kansas .
i love driving . i could drive a truck .
yes we do . we love eggs for breakfast .
cows and horses .
i am good working on my math work . who ?
yeah in high school . where did you see jimmy fallon ?
no , i am pretty good at math . that is cool you live in nyc ?
no , me and my brother both play on the hockey team , and football team .
yeah , i wish i could play an instrument though .
i have not decided yet , and i only have this year left .
thanks , they are kinda fun though .
ll , can i get two large barbecued chickens ?
too bad , what else are you up to now , after work ?
cool ! i am actually firing up my bbq, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live near the ocean.
i could . . . but i am in missouri . . .
probably terminator 2
i am 47 . . . p
but I still rock on a skateboard ! serious
that is sick my name is haim and i water ski, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in interior design.
only speak english but that is pretty cool
i have two dogs myself what do you do for a living
that would be awesome ! my dads a police officer
me too I love to use red
i volunteer at nursing homes and paint
its nice to see their smiles yes
nope i just volunteer in my free time
i am doing good thanks for asking . how are you ?
that is good . i love walking through the park, but I wish I could spend more time with my kids exploring nature.
i am a customer service representative
i am from the south , alabama . my name is lee got my name from my grandma
design clothes , read , write poetry , fishing , hiking , etc
cool ! ! i want to learn to crochet one day
i am great watching tv how are you ?
that is good . i like to listen to linkin park . I wish I could perform stand-up comedy like you.
that is awesome ! i cook fried chicken a lot . do you like games ?
i like arcade games . gambling is only fun when you win .
that sounds fun . yes i would not want to lose that
that is cool my best friend has a twin .
you said you did . . . . . yes it would be different that is for sure .
that is great i like laughing
i am just relaxing at home in my boxers . how are you ?
do you like any movies ?
guess we both like to be comfortable at home .
i do not like john grisham books , but the movies are great !
what do you do for fun ?
i like to jam out on my guitar . i am pretty good ! I wish I could perform at a renaissance fair with my guitar.
what are your thoughts on politics ?
that did not answer my question .
hey ! i am not involved , i live alone , a home body sort of .
i make cool robots for a living ! i love tech stuff !
i like her too ! i mostly sit around eating chinese food ! you ?
i am not a morning person , more of a nighttime person .
If I had more time, I would love to explore the outdoors and swim like you do.
you swim ? that sounds refreshing ! i might try it !
ahahah ! that is hilarious ! hit me baby one more time !
i am doing okay , just sewing some clothes . how are you
is it raining there ? it is quite sunny here
what are you going to read
what are you taking in school ?
good for you ! you will never believe who i saw yesterday
jimmy fallon ! for real ! just walking along, I wish I could grow a garden full of flowers, but sadly, I hate flowers.
yeah he really is , i could not believe it ! so what grade do you want to teach
dragons are my spirit animal and my name is john
i am only 44 and already a grandpa
i run alot to cause i love chili cheese dogs
i prefer nighttime but daylight is pretty if i had my coffee
plus my commute home is always easier then to work over an hour in good traffic
lol if i did that i would not survive to see my grandson
ouch i have a deaf nephew
aww i had a chicken named bob
i live in north carolina so i am not too far from you !
i am a babysitter for the neighbor so i do not have much money, but if I had the chance, I'd love to travel and explore different cultures.
i am not . i have bills to pay and sometimes i cant
i am 32 years old . how old are you ?
yeah that is pretty young . do you have a favorite color ?
i love yellow . even in my food . i love yellow curry .
its thai . do you like thai food ?
a lot of asian food is vegan so i like it for that reason .
it is great , just came back from exercising . i love running on sundays .
oh , i am not really into that . i love romantic songs though .
me i do not have time for reading with all the exercise i do
my dad used to read me some stories but now he lives in china . If I could go back in time, I would spend more time listening to my dad's stories.
i did not visit yet . did you like it ?
of course there is one billion chinese . did you like the music ?
i have never listened to chinese music . can you recommend something ?
just in general , any music .
i am good . how is your evening so far ?
we did to . all of my 6 siblings got together in one house .
i almost broke my arm again in the dark . i broke it twice .
the first time i broke it is when my parents got divorced . I wish my parents had stayed together when I was a child.
it is not fun . the second time when my husband passed away .
it has been 3 years . i have been very social to help me cope .
what kind of food do you like to eat ?
nothing is better than a nice medium rare steak .
so excited . would you babysit for me ?
please , i am begging ! i have to go to the maroon 5 concert .
mangos , no problem . this is a matter of love or death .
i think I am in love with Adam and have front row seats . Are you in love ?
if only I could attend the concert with you and meet Adam Levine in person.
thanks ! we have lots of kale too , if you need the iron like I do .
you are not allergic to cats are you ? I have two fluffy ones .
bring the lizard , the kids are young and will love it . you are the best !
i am bad my reality t . v . show i love is not on and i live in boring state kansas
i need a job , i am a farmhand , the farm foreclosed . can hire me to kill spiders, but I wish I could land a job in a warmer climate.
i would like to move to a warmer place where are you .
hmm i heard it is super safe in miami i , d move there right now !
why , seems like a waste of time to me .
hmm maybe you should stop wearing socks
i am pretty good and yourself ?
i love halloween . cant get out like i used to i am 77, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of programming.
i get a kicked out of seeing all the custom especially my grandkids
they sure do , i am retired computer programmer so i go all out .
not really , now british tv shows and movies are hilarious .
oh the sweet sound . i enjoy animals too in my spare time .
i sure do a cat , what about you ?
hello , i am good . my dog is here with me now .
i plan to take my dog for a walk today , the weather is beautiful .
i enjoy walking running . we have great paths here for it .
what type of restaurant will you be going to tonight ?
what will you be doing there ? having drinks ?
i love italian food . sounds great right now .
how long have you worked there ? i wish i had a job .
going great ! just got out of my Japanese class
just Japanese since i am tired of reading subtitles, if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to make sushi.
Japanese cartoons anime are my favorite to watch
i hope to save enough money to visit Japan one day
i am not completely sure but i know that i do not have enough right now
do you have any hobbies
hi ! i am kinda pissed at my coworker . how are you ?
she manipulated to get the promotion . i have been in this industry 10 years and she is new
on top of that , my bf wants an open relationship not my thing, I wish my boyfriend didn't want an open relationship; it's not my style.
sucks ! i go the extra mile at work and with him , but this stops now !
i envision myself getting married again , but not to him
do you have any hobbies ? plans for the weekend ?
i am fine and you ?
oh no ! i am happily married and we own our own home . you ?
i entered college , and got a degree . we live out in colorado .
it is ok , i drive a blue car . you ?
wow ! ! ! better than anything i ever drove !
i can ! ahahah . what are your hobbies ?
i am doing well ! my name is jim how are you ?
that is awesome ! where do you play ?
nice ! i love that color of purple you guys wear for home games .
just focus on what you can do and ask for help when you need .
honestly , you may need to talk to a physician to see if medicine might be the solution .
nothing right now . i maxed out my credit cards and bought a sports car. If I could, I would trade my sports car for a vintage purple convertible inspired by Cher from Clueless.
hopefully i can race . a man can dream cannot he ?
that is my dream and i plan to chase it !
i am good . what are you up to ?
haha that is hilarious . you remind me of a cartoon character . i enjoy cartoons more than movies
a cartoon where the main character smokes pot . do you live on your own ?
i smoke pot . i have left my parents house when i was 14, if only I could travel back in time to see my mother meet Elvis.
my mom met elvis once . i am pretty sure she let him hit that
i enjoy listening to other people read a book . reminds me of my mom
whens the last time you got laid ?
i hear that . i have been celibate for like a year
hi i am good i was just playing video games
i would love to , but i have to ask my parents since i live with them .
wow you are old i am only 32 , but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have the freedom to live independently.
i am sorry i will send you a cheeseburger to apologize , i eat it all the time .
do you eat the fish you catch ? i eat out all the time .
i love mcdonald , but i usually just stay home and play video games .
i feel like i got hit by a truck this morning .
ouch , that is a lot of pain .
i am gathering clothes to donate , do you have any ?
congratulations on that . what do you do for work ?
i write poems for a living, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time to dedicate to writing poetry.
it is a job of passion .
i would love to share . maybe i will find one after i feed my fish .
hi , verna jean here . welcome to the club . i travel . do you ? 3
get out ! me too ! i am orphaned . you ?
whew ! yeah bret i am fine . i love steaks . you ?
i surf and turf when i can . you seem as smart as i am . you sing ?
great ! you travel alone ? i do . chicken wings are our friends .
bret , is it hard being smart ? i am okay with mine . you dance ?
wow ! 2 sons . john and wayne . you play guitar good ? I wish I could share a meal with my parents and siblings.
hi my name is laura i am doing okay
i have two boys you have one of each that is nice
five years apart 11 and five what about your kids ?
i should have had my boys close in age it seems better that way
yes i bet do you plan on having more kids or are you done ?
that sucks i plan on having two more and plan on having them close in age .
i am great . just got in from walking my two dogs . how about you ?
i actually love cats . my son has 6 of them . do you work ?
i work as a clothes retailer . i do not love it . you ?
pizza . and red wine . my favorite drink . a savior .
good stuff . i love to garden , but do not eat so healthy .
i have not had success with those . lemons or what kind ?
love cherries . my dogs do too . they are boxers .
yellow . a nice sunny color . yours ?
i am great , just finished working on the farm
sure would he can chase all my chickens lol
awww how sweet . that is the definition of good dog
you can not help who you love . eventually they will get over it
yes i have been , it is beautiful
sweet . hope you have a happy marriage
africa and what is yours ?
if I could choose, I would love to have a pet chicken named Cluckers.
hello , i am okay but i do not trust many people . how are you ?
i cook the same thing every day because i do not try new stuff .
i always feel like i have to compete with other women because of me not cooking .
that must be stressful , i have to be alone sometimes because of my anxiety .
i like to go to the library during that time, but I wish I could open up more and trust others.
its usually quiet and stress free
yes most definitely with my trust issues
that is okay its just how i feel
i do but i have no time now that i care for my grandparents .
i got a college scholarship but had to drop out to care for them .
i love them too . i was homeschooled by my mom and she took us there often .
she was a stay at home mom to my siblings and i .
i love all music . especially while eating . but i hate salads !
i know i would like that show if i watched it . never have time, if I had more free time, I would have pursued a music career.
yes , that is a great idea ! i will have to do that for sure .
what is macrobiotic food ? my best friend is my mother
you should not drink a lot , its bad for you
there are a lot more places to look for women , I wish I could overcome my fear of the dark and explore more nighttime activities.
that is true , do you like rock music ? i love rock
i like guns n roses . but i dislike broccoli
i know its healthy but its not my cup of tea
i heard about that gym , i think one just opened up down the block from me
why not i think the gym is a great place to look for women
eh , , , in class should be taking notes but drawing instead .
studying human genetics . if you saw me you would be like wah ? !
i spend time with my pet lizard . i adore . for a guy i have long hair .
nice ! yeah , some days i wish i was living in an alternate world .
i have not traveled been busy with school .
for me free time is just watching movies or hanging out with my few buddies .
nice ! yeah i do not gamble . . . not my thing .
hi from the big city of new york ! what part of oregon ?
awesome , what kind of work do you do ?
cool ! i work from home as well , i teach private music lessons . what are your hobbies ?
i would like to learn about beer brewing . i play video games in my spare time .
the game rock band , because i get to show off my amazing singing skills ! If I had the chance, I would love to perform in a Broadway musical.
haha ! most people wo not sing outside of the shower or their car .
oh , definitely voice . jazz and classical .
i am sure your voice is great , you just do not know it
i do not , although my daughter has asked for a kitten . you ?
i am not sure yet . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to cook big gourmet meals for my family. I wish I could paint like you, it seems so relaxing.
oh how nice of her . must be fun having a famous sister .
i am , with one kid . she is 6 . you ?
yes , i work for a company that makes paper products . i am a salesperson.
praising jesus for another day ! how about you ?
amen ! me too ! ! ! praise him always ! just got done reading my daily devotional !
well then i break it in jesus mighty name ! amen ! what do you do for a living ?
m just a waitress . trying to save up for my own place ! live at home still, but I wish I could watch Disney movies all day instead of working.
amen , amen , amen ! they are ! i read all the time ! christian fiction is my favorite !
sanctification lasts a lifetime ! just stick close to him ! he will change you ! ! !
oh lord we all are ! stay strong ! ! ! i believe he is coming for us soon ! truly
hopefully soon ! the world is going crazy ! even my favorite movies disney are getting evil .
good now that the power is back on !
yes , from the hurricane . i der would a bunch of mysteries movies and boom !
author . i often pound out chapters in my back yard, but if I could, I would move to a city with a vibrant literary scene.
i am in tampa florida .
yes , i pour some green tea and catalog birds in my back yard .
oh yes , i love reading . you ?
very cool . what city are you in ?
hey there ! pretty good so far . you ?
that is great ! what are you trying out for ?
how did the tryouts go ? how did the boys feel about them ?
why is that ? why do you feel lost ?
i can relate to the loneliness feeling but I wish I could find my birth family and reunite with them.
i do not work currently . i take care of my parents .
yes , i am
how are you doing today
i am good and that is good to know
i love spending time with my family and baking
i do not drink much
yes i have been fishing before
oh ok then that is interesting
i am a girl
umm yes i am married and have kids
hello flo , i am charlie and I wish I could drive a vintage Mustang instead of my Prius.
what is pink mink ? is it music
i find attractive all women from canada
hey you have to write about your assigned character
what kind of yoga do you do ?
oh my condolences i relieve when i am on roses
do you like ginger snaps
good how are you ?
that sounds nice ! what are your hobbies ?
that is cool i love pizza and i am rally into reading
i am actually still in school studying science what about you ?
that is so nice
that makes sense ! if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time for reading suspense novels.
i am doing well , been looking to buy a house
thanks , we will see . i work as a nurse in the e . r .
i am either working over time or on call a lot . and single
i love to paddle board during when days i do not have to work .
it is not easy but you have too . i also play piano as a hobbie, I wish I had more time to explore different piano genres.
me too ! ! i love mcd what do you like on the menu
me too . as well as their chicken burgers
i am great . where are you from my man ?
why ? ? he sounds crazy . are you ok ? my dad is a cop and could help .
not really . right now i drive a truck for a living . what do you do ?
oh that sucks . do not worry , you will have a job soon . where you from though ?
nice , virginia here . do you have any hobbies ?
oh man , do you ever drive ? maybe i can teach you to drive stick . it is fun, but I wish I could travel back in time and become an artist instead of a truck driver.
truck driver buddy , i told you ! open your ears ! but what do you say ?
have you been keeping busy ?
that is great , i really like spending time with my dogs and helping out at local shelters .
i do have two dogs they are boys diesel and cole .
do you have any favorite charities that you like to help out ?
i do not know if i like him or not . i have never seen the movie .
when i was working on facebook we ate a lot of pizza, but I wish I could spend more time outdoors rather than on Facebook.
i work with computers a lot and spend a lot of time on facebook .
hiya ! how are you ? no , is this a library ?
ahhh , i see . lol good job ! when do you start ?
good luck ! i decorate cakes , could not ask for a better job
cake is the best ! i have been thinking of going vegan , actually
ah , true . i am not a big fan of it . i do like burgers a lot though
a lot of softball , i am in a pretty aggressive league . its playoffs . you ?
that is hard , is anyone teaching you or you are learning by yourself ? I wish I had the courage to ask my crush out on a date.
i am all country . the music , the farm , pigs , horses , hens and i am a vegan .
i am good i just got back from country line dancing . i could do it every night . I wish I could dance professionally on stage.
i have a few dogs , cats , chickens and more farm animals . i love all animals .
hiking can be fun and i am in shape from all the dancing i have been doing .
no french , just a twangy southern accent but not like the fake ones on tv .
i like art , animals and dancing and especially country music yee haw .
shoot yeah i got that southern twang like you aint never heard .
doing well . junna meet some friends at the bar in a while . you ?
oh yeah ? that is quite a coincidence !
that is cool . i enjoy photography, but I wish I could travel the world with my dogs and capture stunning photographs.
me too ! i have 4 dogs that like to run along side me
yes , it is very relaxing
ah , i enjoy combining my love of dogs and nature by shooting photos
that is cool i work in a retail store and its stressful as well
is it because they can tell lies ?
you should try to talk with them
try listening to music , i love listing to it and it helps me relax
as my favorite singer lady gaga always says food is killer
why not ? you can do it while doing different activities, I wish I could attend more concerts like Lady Gaga's.
i know its cool that she does that
wow that does sound tough
doing really good ! how about you ?
good . had the day off , so i was doing some wedding planning .
sometimes it can be . sometimes its hard . its for my wedding in december .
thanks ! what are you up to this weekend ?
what do you do for work ? i work at the humane society, but I wish I could combine my passion for history and animals in my job.
cool ! my favorite subject was always history and social studies . what do you teach ?
i am great , how are you ?
that is good . i worked hard today on my company magazine , do you work ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have siblings ?
no it is just me , i hope to meet someone special someday .
maybe we should meet ? it takes me so much time to do my makeup though . If only I didn't spend so much time on my hair and makeup.
ha ha are you a lady ? it takes me an hour .
ok i feel an hour is too much . what do you like to eat ?
italian is good , i hope to find my future husband in an italian eatery .
i m doing well , how about you ?
of course i eat , i ate taco bell tonight !
it is nice but windy
not yet , it is supposed to next week
do you enjoy investing in stocks ? I wish I could travel the world playing my string instruments.
i love shrimp and sushi .
you should ! it is a great benefit to your finances .
yes it is , i enjoy burgers more .
getting ready to go out and get some french fries ! you ?
only place to get them is mcdonalds . what instrument do you play ?
wish i could play something . mostly i go shopping .
every single mall i can find . we have some good ones here in toronto .
never been there . been to japan . my parents are from there .
yup . and my grandparents . came over with the big push last century .
no . our family could not go there during wwii . you know the story .
do you still play in a band ? what kind of music do you play ?
how do you like it ?
that is awesome . i make fart noise with my armpits even songs, but if only I had a twin like in your family.
all the time . its funny . my fear of heights i am trying to get over .
i was a huge superman fan as a kid
oh wow that is pretty young
wow , i was in high school when you were born
high school ? it was not bad it was just a lot of work in all honesty
yeah that is part of school ! !
i love to drive , and glad mine is fast .
i am good , and you ? i am a food lover .
yeah nascar is cool , listing to rock music while i drive fast !
do you dream ? i do wish i can be a lottery winner .
when are you going to get a car ? do you want to work in a large company ?
i do , that is why i make a lot of money .
flipping burgers for a living is tough , but it is still possible .
not too bad , you can still get fast cars like toyota mr2
i am great ! i am enjoying some pistachio ice cream , my favorite .
do you like traveling and meeting new people ? i love it .
who is your favorite singer ?
britney spears . i think she is wonderful .
well , i am multi faceted . i also enjoy playing with swords .
yes ! i prefer watching travel documentaries instead of surgery videos.
same here , i just worded it a little differently earlier in the conversation .
do you like to watch jeopardy ?
it is going good . been reading a fantasy fiction novel .
i just started , only a few pages in .
i really like to swim . what about you ?
if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in sports instead of working at Monsanto. What do you need ?
i am sorry to hear that .
no . do you like to shop online ? it is an addiction to me .
i have never done that .
what type of music do you like ?
i am good just working on my car and you ?
that is cool want to join my dog and i on a surf trip ? I wish I could teach my German Shepherd to surf.
. . . that is weird my german shepherd will not like that venice here we come
nah he is chill he is a california puppy he'll just make fun of you
how long we have been talking i feel like i know you so well
what kind of clothes do you wear ?
i can use my mechanic magic to fix it for you ?
my german shepherd can skate he is rad he can kickflip
hi i am not doing to good just found out i am dying
i have cancer only have 6 months but i am not giving up
yes it has . do you like music
wow that is a great selfless profession .
why cant you drive your truck do you have to take the squad car home with you
that is a good perk . i love justin bieber he is my favorite
i think they do too . what do you eat when your on duty, I wish I could eat dairy without consequences.
i am doing great how about you ?
what is your favorite thing to do ?
i used to run when i was younger, but I wish I had pursued a career in singing instead of running.
well when i was younger i was a little girl
pink of course and yours ?
so have you been dating for awhile ?
so about 2 years or more
well you 2 are fast at getting engaged
i am well , thank you . just posted a new pic on facebook, but I wish I could travel around the world tasting different cuisines and share the experience on social media.
i am in marketing . mostly social media management .
austin . are you familiar with texas ?
oh cool . were you in state for the hurricane ?
lucky . i would like to visit there someday .
nah , i moved here for work about ten years ago .
yeah its a pretty stable market .
no i just go suffering all the time, but I wish I could plant a garden near the beach and listen to country music while surfing.
i am a bartender we could work together
people always tell me i am a good cook
yeah and i play the piano so i got it all covered
that sounds like a lot of fun
i understand that that is great
yes that is true a lt with problems and some without
that is true helps calm things down.
i am good hope you are well
i like to explore and draw
i wish i had more money to travel
i love animals i want a ranch full
i will take what i can get
i want to rescue as many as i can . i love the show tanked
it is about these guys that make outrageous fish tanks
wow . that must be nice , how ?
i am vegan . that is awesome
oh . fun . i have a really long drive to work
15 hours . sometimes i fall asleep
i like to swim while i drive, if only I could teleport to work, traffic wouldn't make me mad anymore
sometimes i do . while iam asleep
well . i get sleep when i can
i am really a cat .
hello ! my 5 cats also say hi . how are you
great , thanks , do not tell anyone , i may become queen of england next . I wish I could surf more often, but the waves in Hawaii are always crowded.
ll . . . my sister madonna may do the job
that is what she wants . what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! i try to run , but rather walk . lol
i have tried it once in vermont
yes i did ! i loved it . have you tried it before ?
that is awesome . i am from hawaii so not much snow growing up . love the ocean .
i like to drive places on Sundays so in a rush today
my wife likes to drive in the countryside so no work for me . are you happy ?
i have a job in a warehouse . it is ok . supports the family . If I could change one thing, I would love to have more time to travel and explore new places.
oh that is exciting . medical school or residency ?
i am also here in town . my son gets all As .
yes that is the moral of the story . i play video games .
oh i only play Tetris , 9 12 hours every day
it is a bad habit.
hello , how are you today ?
i wish i had someone to look after i am so lonely .
all i have is my piano . my dad died , my boyfriend is in the military .
i do not see how a veterinarian could stop a semi truck . . . .
i used to run . i even cut my hair super short to shave off some time .
dark . the last thing he saw was headlight . yellow headlights are so inviting .
the sun is bright and yellow . i love yellow .
goodbye , say hi to your cats
i a doing ok . . . thinking of firing my maids .
mine too ! do you like to travel ? i am lucky i have the money to .
my wife was a miss usa . the travel was hard on the kids .
its terrible to say but the kids have been a bit of a disappointment, if I could turn back time, I would spend more time with my children.
that is a great name . do you like sweets ? i love cheesecake !
i love tiramisu also ! do you have any hobbies ?
making lots of money is my hobby .
i love to win , sunny days , and coffee . you ?
nice . i am starving . i would kill for some barbecue .
not really . currently avoiding hanging out with this guy from work .
oh really ? that is awesome . go you !
that sounds awesome . so are you close to your family .
i am only child . and my companion is a cat .
hey there . hows it going . i am maria .
my day was fine . even better that i am off work .
ll . i am so done with children at the end of the day .
i am a teacher plus i have 3 children . if I could go back, I would study horticulture instead of education.
really ? that takes dedication .
gardening is how i relieve my own stress .
its mid morning here . just relaxing right now .
nice . what car do you drive ? i am working on getting my license .
i am 17 . how about you ?
haha i do . like i literally live to go running . i am on my school team .
damn , i never did good in class but i am hoping to be a pro athlete one day .
ah man i love tubac , i am all about old school hip hop .
awww kiss ! that is literally on my workout playlist . are you psychic lol
i am not sure . what is it called ?
sounds funny . do you have any hobbies ?
that is too bad . hope you find a new one . i am a welder, but if only I could pursue my dream of becoming a professional guitarist.
no . above water . not a good swimmer
maybe arizona . florida is probably not good now
too many disasters all at once are you in the midwest ?
wow that is pretty and pretty cold in the winter too
i here the dakotas have a lot of oil jobs
great i am going gardening later today
yeah it really is i am very into natural things
are you a religious person
i am a wiccan its very important to me, but i wish I could share my passion for Wicca with my family.
yeah i do not really like people that do not follow it though
i do not really try and meet people that are not in my community
no i have not talked to them in a while
not much just watching a john grisham movie
i am a teacher and i play guitar in a local band on the weekends
i have heard the name before yes . do you like them ?
i really like five finger death punch now i grew up on metallica
do you have a girlfriend ? mines always threatening to leave me
allison she is very moody at times
i probably should there is got to be nicer people in the world, I wish my parents had continued working in politics.
what do you have planned tomorrow ? i was thinking of watching football
i am great and you eh ?
do you cook as well ? I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a chef instead of getting married young.
cool . are you from america ?
i got married very young did you ?
i have 3 children they are alright
i moved there when i was 14
from europe , far away i was
it is quite a place
hello . i work for a small restaurant that my family owns .
i am hoping to work with chocolate molding soon, but I wish I had the opportunity to work with exotic animals like elephants and otters.
what is it called ? my sisters and i have an xbox in the kitchen
lol . sounds very interesting . what are your hobbies ?
i like walking in the park and feeding the ducks .
dogs are my favorite , cats are too picky .
my favorite are otters and elephants .
hi i am pretty good and you ?
wow i only have one child
i bet are you married
my parents got divorced man, if I could go back in time, I would try to make my parents' marriage work.
yeah they were not very good together
do you like to swim and stuff
i am in between places and i travel overseas a lot , you ?
my mother is from florida . she is a well-known celebrity ;
she is a movie star . for that reason i love making short films, but if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in marine biology.
no , one I made recently is about the civil war . i am actually a reenactment participant
no , not really , but what else do you like ?
oh i hated mine too , but now I need them again
that is very true . make sure you keep up taking care of them
not much else really . i am very focused on my short movies.
good . i was talking to another friend but i got distracted, if only I could focus better, my academic life would have been so much more successful.
always . being athletic am planning a long hike . you ?
that is scary . i get up too early for school tho i usually blow it off
English . i do love a great romance tho i often suck at them in life
i love too fast and have bad judgment
yeah that might be even more trouble haha
are you in a relationship ?
so you understand i am glad i do not have kids
i am doing great but wish i was at the beach
i enjoy boating too but not much time because i work in a hospital
it may help to talk to a doctor such as myself
you sound normal enough at least you have a hobby
live your life the way you want too and you will be happy
i am glad i could help you .
i would do that for you .
i understand . i will leave the pool boy out of this
i am doing very good , how are you ?
oh that sounds very fun
i bet it is . not as relaxing as my garden though
mainly beets because i love them
what is that . sorry sweetheart i am 71
it is but very hard to keep up
i am trying . you should come visit
sure sure sure it is in the countryside
i am well . how are you ?
i like christmas movies like white christmas .
what is that show about ?
that sounds cool . i am just getting to know my real family . I wish I had known my siblings growing up.
well thank you . it is certainly an interesting process .
i do not know of any jobs . what is your specialty ?
i bet if you checked into local churches , you might have luck with a job !
i listen occasionally but generally i choose the latest hits .
hello i am doing great how are you
i am in college now what do you do, but I wish I could drive a restored Mustang like yours
that sounds like it can be fun. i play sports
football i am a defensive end
i hope so me and my dad just restored my car
yes its short tho i want it long but its to much with my helmet
do you get it trimmed a lot
oh just trying to get some writing done . what music do you like ?
oh i like all kinda , but my favorite is kpop . just home work
wow , i really love video games . that must be fun. I wish I could work in a video game company like Blizzard Entertainment.
i think it is great . makes me eat too much junk though
yeah broccoli does make some people grossed out . where do you work ?
that is great ! i work at a hotel , i do the overnights
is is not bad , i like it . i get to write a lot
yeah , a script in my spare time
i bet . that sounds very hard .
i live in a van i drive , so no kids, but if I could choose, I would live in a cabin in the snowy mountains.
i do not do anything . what about you ?
i just walk the earth , like kung fu .
i am from the usa . i love pizza
i love veggie pizza a lot .
some of the time , but i do eat meat occasionally .
no i am not married
hi ! i am good . how are you ?
good ! tell me something interesting about yourself ?
well , i wear glasses and my nose is crooked because i broke it in 5th grade
defending my girlfriend's honor . . . kids lol
well i love to snowboard hate to ski though . you ?
that is fun ! do you like to read ?
i read all the time . my girlfriend got me to read Twilight and I actually loved it. I wish I could join a viking raid with you.
i am doing ok at a young age
yes i bet sophomore wish i was a senior
it is very hard to work and still in school
ok be careful iam going to enjoy the day with my friend
that a good ideal since i have no money to go the movie
yes i hope to land a job to do things
i am doing well thank you
yes . i am going to work .
i work at a deli counter . how about you ?
that is great . what branch ?
that is cool . do you like fishing ?
i have traveled a little bit . and you ?
cool . that must be fun .
i bet . if I hadn't dropped out of college, I might have pursued a career in music.
cool . do you know anywhere that is hiring ?
i really need a job . not in science field though .
if i could wear a purple uniform that would be great .
i would love to tour with a rock band ! !
my dad is lame . he works for ups . brown , ugh !
i love gnr . they are coming to cleveland soon . you are funny .
ha ! no bar . . . donut shop .
hello there . yes i am safe and so are all my children and you ?
no . i prefer listening to music while drawing . what do you do on your free time ?
that is nice . if I had more free time, I would love to take up pottery like you. do you have any children ?
that is great ! i am a mother of five . i rarely get any free time .
although i truly like any type of music i have not heard of ween surprisingly .
i will try giving it a listen ! what would you say is your favorite movie ?
that is a great movie ! my favorite would be moana my kids love it !
that is funny ! i have drawn almost all disney characters from the movies.
i am making videos for youtube .
they are called lets plays . i have a channel devoted to them .
that sounds like an exciting hobby .
well my channel keeps me busy but I try to go swim with dolphins once a year. I wish I could swim with dolphins more often.
i would like to try rock climbing .
ah do you have a gluten allergy ?
have not found a good gluten-free option ?
that must be disappointing . have you found anything you love ?
i have no siblings so i have a dog named ken
i collect special edition barbies like my mom did
my jam is barbie girl cause i wanna be like that. if I could change one thing, I would have a sister to play barbies with.
my dog ken thinks the dream home is all his
my name is nancy i ran track in grade school
did not have siblings so dogs were my family
aww i went horse riding one time loved it
nice i wanna go again soon.
i am doing well , and you ? ahh a musician you are !
i think my brother been there when in the navy.
i am a student and i play soccer at my school.
that would be fun ! maybe next summer i could do that as a job.
i am trying to catch up on game of thrones ! do you watch ?
do you go out to eat at all on the weekends after you enjoy the outdoors ?
i try and find places with vegan food . just one language i speak.
arabic would probably be hard for me to learn.
i am well and how are you doing ?
just got done with my workout for track . what about you ?
i am in high school , did my studies earlier this evening . i like chasing cheetahs, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would try being a vegetarian like you.
not to much for sprains here and there you ?
i would say you like movies , my fav is good burger ?
i eat a lot of meat . load it up lol
how many do you have
wow that is a lot . careful you will become the crazy old cat person lol
i can just see you shoving them in draws anywhere they fit .
i do , you got some whit about you i like that .
thanks , i try to be an approachable person i think it is a good habit
well time for shower and bed you have a good night .
nice ! being an artist must be so cool
i can only imagine what that is like
i am on the computer from time to time .
that is definitely not good my friend
well you cannot avoid bills that is for sure
i definitely know the feeling !
my favorite color is pink , if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career as a professional swimmer.
nice ! you would probably love my garden.
i am great , just working on a new recipe . how about you
hip hop is good for when i am cooking i studied food early in life, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
have you ever auditioned for anything ? i did for cooking once
you should try out for another one !
i immediately thought v8 the drink
welcome to the city of the wild wild west
i believe i have a talent for cooking and you have talent in rap
so tired , today is the first time in forever i did not sleep 8 hours .
it is . i always get that much . how are you ?
i wish i had time to paint . between electrician work and running i have no time .
i get what you are saying .
sounds like me with washi tape .
hamburgers , running , sleep . any season except winter .
do you have a favorite food ?
but not together i hope !
well , howdy ! if i remember correctly , i walked the dog and went to the bank . you ?
i get my reels from there ! i was something of a fisherman in my day, but if I could, I would adopt every stray dog in the neighborhood.
well , i suppose i did . still do on occasion . why not ? fish is delicious !
to each their own . you should try catch and release . fine way to spend a day .
i listen to the radio in my truck . mostly country . my dog likes Beethoven . a little joke .
i never heard of them . is that one of those modern bands ?
nothing wrong with that . you have any kids running around ?
how about that ? my old man was a car salesman . think they knew each other ?
hello tay . nice to meet you . thank you for your service .
you are very welcome . really ? music is my life . i play music .
oh my gosh , i am so sorry . my best friend is in my band .
that sounds fun . i like making my music personal , so i write it myself .
country music . i have been singing since i was five . i have taken lessons since then .
thank you so much ! i would love to . staying home more to practice would be nice ! If I didn't pursue music, I would have loved to travel the world as a photographer.
definitely . life has a way of throwing you curve balls , that is for sure .
that is right . that is a great attitude to have .
hello . i am cleaning the house . my favorite chore .
i never go out of the house , even on sundays .
when i was young i was kidnapped .
i would love the symphony ! i just read a lot .
i read fiction . i can lose myself in a good story .
i have never gone to school . i wonder what its like .
too bad ! they should have better taste in clothes . ha ha !
i am allergic to my uncle , who kidnapped me !
me too . now if i could escape from this house ! time to clean some more .
hi rose . i am doing good . how are you ?
great ! do you have any pets ?
sounds like fun ! i have three dogs and two cats .
i hope to have a big family too someday when my husband and i start a family .
you would have a lot of family members to look after you !
i just love spending time with my pets too . they are so entertaining .
i could be on of your grandchildren !
i am good painting my nails how are you ?
ha hell yeah ! what else did they like to do ?
how many kids do you have ?
ha i had kids to to have someone to play volleyball with
most dope what do you do for fun ?
oh nice do you have a hair stylist ?
i love to cut hair i could make you look good for your employees, if I could change one thing about my life, I would become a professional hiker in the mountains.
i am doing good just playing a video game from my collection .
super mario for the wii actually its my favorite .
right ! ll where do you work ? if I didn't work in a warehouse, I would have pursued a career in fitness modeling.
awesome ! ! do you have any kids ? i have a straight a son !
ha ha ! any hobbies ? my wife and i drive the country side on sundays .
yes it is very relaxing to me .
not really . maybe try mechanical turk ?
i do not know . donate plasma ?
i work as a paramedic . you ?
i want to be a nurse, but if I had more space, I would love to have a vinyl collection.
so is being a paralegal less blood .
what kind of music do you like ?
i love the beatles .
yes , i am into the oldies but goodies .
not really a hockey guy . i like football
my brother got me into it but we hardly speak. I often wish my brother and I were closer, like when we were kids.
we kind of just grew apart
i am literally broke and it would be nice if he could help
yes i have a degree but in this economy it does not mean much
are you working in that field ?
maybe i should try for part time gigs
what do you do for fun ?
hello i am fine so are you single or married ?
yes i have four young kids and you ?
that is good i just got a feline myself
his name is midnight cos he is all black
what is your favorite tv show ?
the newest show that just got leaked, but I wish I had more time to dedicate to my art projects.
no not at all its a fantasy show
you are funny yeah the first one is my all time favorite
i am wonderful . how are you ?
i am sorry . i do not like to eat meat .
really ? my favorite fruit is apple .
the green apples are my favorite .
i only like the skin off the apple .
any kind of fruit is good for parakeets
you are very welcome . tell the parkees hello
what do you need help with ?
oh no . i am too busy for all of that !
oh i am sorry . i wish i could assist you
oh snakes are creepy . i will though if you feed me
yes i do . when my family buys it for me
that is really healthy . is the weather nice there now ?
it is getting cold here . i do not like it . i love the summer
oh . that is interesting . do you make good money that way ?
that is sad . i play guitar . i love music . I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of working online.
woah . that is impressive . mostly i stay at home and work here and there on the internet
have you heard of the ketogenic diet ? my wonderful boyfriend and i are on it .
all the yummy cow i can eat , maximize meat and fat intake and keep carbs super low
look it up sometime . it works . my boyfriend lost fifty pounds this year
i run if i am playing pokemon go or zombie run .
good . just doing some research for a new business i want to start . and you ?
oh wow ! does your co worker know ?
i gave up on dating and prefer family and friends to hang with .
i love sports and like to watch games with them .
i do , especially chocolate . do you have any future plans ?
that is no fun . if I could start a business, it would be a sports bar where friends and family can watch games together.
oh that would be a lot of fun . i love to eat .
hi , i am fine how are you
what is your favorite past time
i listen to music most of the day
i like a new country artist named kane brown
he is great you should check him out . what do you do for a living ?
i work at a local store monday thursday i have to have 3 consecutive days off, if I had the chance, I would love to attend a music festival with my parents.
yeah it making working more enjoyable . its the little things that make me happiest.
i love to work out and my body is so tone !
do you like video games ? i have tons . . .
you should go out driving that may help
if I could change one thing, I wish my wife would drive me around on Sundays instead.
its good to pray , it works for my son , he gets straight as .
we have very close hobbies , i love to play video games .
funny , what is wrong with green beans ? i love it .
good and how is yours ?
that is cool i like to sit with my dog and read twilight it is my favorite book, but if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
yes i love reading although i have to wear glasses
when i broke my nose back in 5th grade my teacher drove me to hospital
it was but teachers are great . what sports do you like ?
that is sad to hear .
i like baseball but the think i hate most is skiing
i am a home maker . other jobs are difficult since I can not drive, I wish I could drive so I could explore more job opportunities.
awesome ! where do you usually perform ?
that sounds like a blast !
that is scary ! how old are you ? i am thirty-two .
i am sure that probably had something to do with it .
cool , i am preparing dinner for my diet now .
very true ! i bet that is a good outlet for you .
i am making roasted chicken , sweet potatoes and broccoli
hello , i am good . chilling to california love . you like tubac ?
mine too ! i love rap . . . and fast cars .
i have a maclaren . what do you drive ?
that is so awesome ! i love formula one racing .
my dad used to take me to races with him when i was little .
he was big into racing of any kind.
good ! just reading some history books . what about you ?
that is too bad . what do you like to read ?
that is a lot of kids ! as a teacher , i do that a lot .
definitely . do you feel good enough to dance ? i love dancing .
that is a great thing to hear . If I could choose another career path, I would have loved to become a historian.
me too ! but my favorite is mexican .
well , love is much better than hate . where are you from ?
me too ! though i love to read the histories of every country .
hi ! i am doing good , just eating a burrito right now . you ?
what kind of work are you doing ?
that is pretty cool . where are you at in school ? student ? teacher ?
teacher i love kids they are great
dance sounds like a fun teaching job, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional dancer.
middle school i once taught elementary
hello tom , i am amy
i am from florida i am a teacher of 26 kindergarten students . do you work ?
that is too bad the school i teach at is very large so i walk a lot .
i understand , i am still fairly young i just graduated college last year 2016, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in marine biology.
i love it , but i also enjoy kayaking when I am free . do you ?
a little bit different than kayaking , you should try sometime
thank you , nice speaking with you as well tom .
i completely agree its very interesting learning new things .
i am well and you ?
how fun ! i am hanging out with my 3 dogs and 2 children
how nice of your parents !
definitely ! what do you do for a living ?
ahh i see , I just got a job as a vet, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would open a bakery instead.
i love my job ! and I own 3 dogs and 1 cat
i am also considering opening a flower shop since i love them
at a school as a psychologist .
do you have any siblings ?
i am the baby of 4 siblings . was hard, I wish I had more siblings to share experiences with.
i do . i go geocaching wherever i go
what kind of food do you guys eat
i learn the piano slowly but surely
good . just an average day for this average american youth . you ?
cool . on summer vacation . reading and writing most of the time .
yes . i fell in love with my roommate this summer and I wish I could travel the world and learn new languages.
probably . i go walking with him every day around the lake where i live .
why where do you live ?
yes it is safe to take a summer walk daily .
no wild fires here .
i am from california . been here my entire life . i speak 4 languages .
great and what about you ?
no not yet . still dating, but if I could, I would adopt more pets to keep me company.
why ? though my 3 dogs and 2 cats are good company right now
oh so sorry . but i think chicago men are different . i live there
not really but my moms do . they love me and tell me whenever i call
no that they love me . but sure they do drugs . not my business
not my business either way
i am good ! just trying to figure out what i want for lunch . yourself ?
i was actually looking through one of my cookbooks , think i will make a veggie burger
that sounds good , though i only eat the fries from there , do you have hobbies ?
i like taking dance classes or i am usually reading something, but I wish I could go to concerts more often and dance the night away.
yeah , i waitress and do some acting and stand up comedy on the side
yes , i love music ! what about you ? any favorites ?
i love those bands , i listen to rumours at least a few times a month
yeah it does , its fun to go to clubs concerts and move with the music.
i am doing well , and yourself ?
that is wonderful ! i am enjoying this beautiful weather . i love to be outside !
you love the water ? that is great ! i like camping and fishing .
i love having fun with my family . we are free spirits, but if I had to choose, I would prefer living in a bustling city rather than off the land.
christmas is my favorite holiday . what about you ?
i understand . do you prefer to swim in the ocean or a swimming pool ?
i love the ocean . i take after my parents .
yes , but i do not like cold weather . you ?
want to come over for some tacos ? mexican is my favorite .
yes . i am cooking them now while reading the paper .
why ? i need to eat before i go to work at the hospital .
ah . i can lend you a step stool . it is my kids .
good idea ! i love to blare paint it black when i cook .
yes , i do . do you ?
me too . do you work ?
okay , i suppose . how are you ?
i am jennifer . i go to college , and i also work part time at mcdonald .
well , i do not have much free time . when i do , i watch a comedy .
that is a good aspiration . do you train for it ?
how long did it take you to become a manager ?
i have just started , learning the ropes . its good for now .
yes , that is absolutely right . do you have a family ? I wish I could overcome my fear of left turns, it makes driving stressful.
i am well . just got back from my friend miles house .
hanging out by the pool , eating bbq and pizza .
that is cool . what do you do for a living ?
that is an odd job to have . do you live in a very sports-aware city ?
I wish I could live down the street from Miley Cyrus and PnB Rock.
i suppose that is true . i am not that into sports . i just 19 . . .
only 19 years old . i still have imaginary friends . ll
doing will thanks , been cooking this afternoon !
yes , that is one scary storm . they keep warning folks to stay off the beaches .
i bet he loves it , my three dogs would go crazy there i bet
sounds fun . no beaches here in iowa , but i do fish in lakes .
quite a few . best part is cooking them ! If I had the chance, I would love to travel to Japan and learn about their cuisine.
you should try ! its great to get into nature , really peaceful .
john , wayne and newton are my children . you married ?
fine albert . doug my husband and i went to school together . you sing ?
i like veggie but prefer soda all day . you cook ?
get out ! yes i sing to rolling stones music . if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued art instead of cooking.
were you married to your high school sweetheart ? i was .
no i do not paint but i cook . you workout ?
oh okay . i love sugar on my cereal . do you ?
hi ! i really love volleyball .
cool ! i like painting my nails, but I wish I could write for a magazine like you.
mine is black too . i also love long hikes .
that is healthy . i love pickle eggs
yes i came up with a new hairstyle . what about you ?
that is fun . i hope it turns out well
great . you should do well in the future .
really . i hope i could cuddle your dog
i am great . i wish there was something on tv .
what do you like to watch on there
so you like to bake
is she a good cook
what does she do for work
what kind of doctor is she
i am working at getting into film
that is fine . i understand how that feels
do not worry . my favorite hobby is to game
that is nice . i like to visit national parks
what is ? then again my day job is at an office
well . you could always try running . i love it
i wish i could . but i will get fat
its going good . are you in a area near irma ?
ok its gonna hit florida in saturday .
right . what kind of work do you do ?
ok i am a teacher also . what level of school do you teach ?
you have your hands full
i am a special ed teacher, but I wish I could attend a rage metal concert one day.
i am great ! tell me about yourself .
that sounds interesting . i am a roofer . do you have any hobbies ?
give me a cold beer and a nice steak cooked well and i am happy ! if only I could enjoy a good book instead of a cold beer after work.
i started drinking after i hurt my knee playing football .
no , i stopped playing after high school . do you have pets ?
what do you like to eat ?
anything interesting you can tell me ?
i am good how are you
that is nice do you like to exercise
i swim and run i should do triathlons, but I wish I could swim in the evening, it's so peaceful by the water at that time.
i made a lot of money off investments so i could run marathons all the time
is that what you originally wanted to do
that is true do you have kids
no but i want to someday
hey whats up . how are you ? haha i live in the attic
i like to read non fiction but sometime some sci fi fantasy
like the animated classics . 101 dalmatians ? firetruck ! arf arf !
i have still not seen that movie . if i had kids i probably would have
i would watch it if it was on netflix . do you work ? hobbies
wow that is psycho . should i call the police ?
haha i was just wondering . you sound trapped .
really ? are you a ride or die type of chick ? i am a thug
i am good , how are you ?
no pets , do you have pets ?
i have many favorite movies ? do you like music ?
can you feel the beat ? i like rock music since i was a kid .
do you like sports ? i love water since a child , love doing backstroke .
how about school ? do you go to school ?
i have a md . do you have a favorite color ? I wish I could hear Kid Rock perform live.
wow , that is also my favorite color !
good ! i been watching the food network . i adore food !
so rude ! and the staring is a little creepy .
oh why not ? and i have lots of family . but most i do not see
oh goodness . i am sorry .
woohoo . i graduated college a few yrs back maybe before long i can afford one
wow wish mine was ! i was not born in the u . s but was lucky enough to move
wow wish mine was ! i was not born in the u . s but was lucky enough to move
hello how are you doing
yes i like seashells but no horse meat, but If I could, I would love to have a pet horse to ride on the weekends.
i love yoga and i am a male
i love dogs i have one
i also love math in school
yes i do . i hated school
i live in my car all the time
hi , how are you ? i am good . thanks .
no , not yet . have you ? looks wicked .
what do you trade your time for to live ? is it good ?
yeah . trade your time for to get the bills paid .
you deliver food for a living . i am a lifeguard .
if only I could drive my yellow convertible through the rain playing Katie Perry's greatest hits.
i have . about a dozen now . been doing this a while .
not really . but that is cool . get to help people enjoy the ocean .
wow , that is great ! do you eat them or throw them back ?
i am baked some cream cheese cookies today .
good . my dogs even ate some .
what kind of music do you play ?
i cannot play anything . i am more of an athlete .
i have run races , but never raced go carts . did you make your own cart ?
its been great chatting with you . i must go now . take care !
hi ! i am fine . just came back from a day of fishing love it
what do you like to do for fun . . . . later in the day ?
what about music ? what kind of music do you like ?
jim hendrix is my fav . i am also learning how to play the guitar, but I wish I had pursued a degree in music instead of dropping out of college.
did you go to college after that ? i dropped out from college .
what do you sell there ? anything interesting ?
well , good luck with that business !
i am good . how are you ?
oh , i am sorry . what field are you looking in ?
oh . hopefully you will find something soon .
i am a drummer in a band .
indie . 9 months out of the year i am touring .
i enjoy it . when i am not touring i like to garden . I wish I could skydive with my twin brother.
yes . do you have any hobbies ?
i am good , how about yourself ?
oh nice , my hands are too i just finished restoring a mustang today
thank you , i am in college so i know all to well about being bored haha
haha nice , i am majoring in acting . i want to star in action movies . If I could choose any career, I would become a professional race car driver.
i hope to get there one day , if not i will become a doctor like my father
i will go and play some football and think more about my major , its a hard decision
yes i could not agree more with that.
i am sitting here sad because i fear parental rejection .
ha ha ! i am too scared i will not live up to your standards .
i do not understand why i feel horrible about apple .
it might , ty for the suggestion . if i were a different gender it might be better
i might , where is that ?
what do you like about the bahamas besides the mangoes ?
sorry brah . just looking for a drinking buddy , myself .
neh . too much work , i am a student and a singer .
i am going to be a nurse .
yes , and singing . my horses never talks back , though .
yes yes , i have been there , friend !
exercise is good , i know because i will be a nurse . not because i exercise . I wish I could perform with my indie band in a big city like New York.
hello . i am tired . just got back from a wonderful hike
is that in another country ? i have never left this country before .
yes . i am the youngest of four and you will never guess when i was born, I wish I could go back in time and witness the blood moon when I was born.
we had a blood moon . and i was born outside under it .
i do not know what that is but it do not sound good .
well i hope not . that sounds scary
i am more of a truck person but cars are okay
that is interesting . i am color blind so do not know if i could do that, but if I could see colors, I would love to become a painter.
yes it is sounds gross . i am currently trying to find a job.
i do not know what type of tattoos.
that is interesting . getting a tattoo is too painful.
cool . i do not know what i want to do for a living yet.
i am plain jane i do not wear jewelry or accessories.
i like to read books . you ?
yes agreed . so you do anything fun ?
hello , i am totally awesome how is it goin
both my parents are in the church choir
i love my band i have played in the same one for 17 years, but if I could, I would travel the world with my band.
one day i want to retire to florida
i am an animal rights activist are you
i feels good outside today
85 wow where are i am in michigan right now
well i am glad that i am not going through that
yes i do have a cold coke in my fridge
i love it especially after jogging
okay i got my husband at the university and we are married
why do you choose unhealthy diet dear ?
well i watch my diet every second and day and night
yes , you have to accompany water on your meals and fruits for some dinners
yes have them for supper and when feeling too hungry before lunch, if only I could drive a fast car like you, it would be a dream come true.
i am doing good and yourself ?
i love the outdoors and camping
what do you do for a living ?
what are you going to school for ?
i hate the sight of blood
yes i like watching football
do you mean ice skating ?
i never learned how to skate but I wish I could learn how to skate and join a local ice hockey team.
just playing with my dog . dogs are the best ! where are you from ?
that is cool . i was born in nevada , but am living in new mexico now .
nevada was a dark time for me . i grew up as an orphan . no fun .
haha , are you a fan of shopping ?
awesome . wheres your favorite place to shop ?
what do you do for a living ?
what kinds of topics are you studying ?
i wish you the best of luck . do your best . college can be hard work .
hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?
wow , i am a bartender if you need to go back to alcohol, but if I had pursued a different career path, I might have been a marine biologist instead.
well you need a hobby , i read books , only when i have nothing to do
nice , i am more of a books kind of guy , i also write poetry
sure , sometimes , tv helps me to relax
what a coincidence , me too ! , long time ago when i was a marine
yes , and it is ironic that a bartender is chatting with a former alcoholic too
wow , that is cool . how old are you ?
well , 7-year-old person , do not grow up . life sucks .
31 , and if i am not drinking , i start thinking , which makes me uncomfortable, and I do not have good thoughts .
i spend a lot of time outside . . . mostly drunk in a ditch .
my family keeps their distance . they love me though .
yeah , cannot blame them . all my problems are my fault, but I wish I could find a job that makes me happy and fulfilled.
cold and freaking miserable little person .
i am 18 . how old are you ?
that sucks . do you work ? i work at mcdonalds, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
that is really sexy
do you sell it ? i am saving money to buy a car .
i am too young for coffee . my parents drink it though .
my parents do not cherish me .
they do not . do you want to adopt me ?
i am retired , spend most of my time at church , what about you ?
nice deal , my wife and I plan to travel and spend our money , kids get nothing, but if I could choose a different path, I would have pursued a career in music.
i donate a fair bit to church , and the only wine i have is at communion
they did indeed , sorry to hear you lost it
i need a dog that generous , are you married ?
enjoy it , do you meet many new people often then ?
i have a wife , and am very happy , i got lucky
congrats on the job ! i work at a store that sells party supplies .
wow , congrats again ! do you like holidays ? i love christmas .
do you have siblings ? i have some , but i do not know them .
do you live near family ? i am adopted , but i am close to my adoptive parents . I wish I could meet my birth mother sooner.
do you have any interesting hobbies ?
anything else you like to do ?
do you want to have your own kids eventually ?
cool ! i want some also , but not yet . getting to know my birth family first .
a little drunk . we had a tasting at work . you ?
we have a new ipa we are marketing to children .
it is a paycheck . i am trying to support my family .
yes , he is a handful . luckily , my partner watches him all day .
not really , he is too young to buy the stuff . do you have kids ?
i was only joking about marketing our products to children, if I could attend any concert, it would be Taylor Swift's.
please do not feel badly . do you work ?
good . would you like to go horse back riding today ?
oh , yes horse as a hobby is expensive . my boots cost a small fortune .
oh my . you definitely could not afford to have several girlfriends and eat steak like i do .
ll . i met joe montana , huey lewis , and gray slick .
they came to argentina where i am from and i met them in a drugstore .
i started riding before i could walk, but if I had the chance, I would love to ride horses in the countryside of Argentina.
i am good hope you are doing well, but if I could change one thing, it would be to have more free time to enjoy the summer Fridays.
yes i go get my nails done at the salon
i sell things i am always on my phone
i sell things i am always on my phone
i do not like it either . i like it natural
i do not like it either . i like it natural
yes i love oranges they taste so good
good afternoon how are you doing today
i am working and getting married next week, but if I could change one thing about my wedding, it would be to have a beach ceremony.
that is awesome i am marrying in a park
seventeen years and i can not wait to go on my honeymoon
niagara falls and i will be in a bikini the whole time
i hope i am just ready to be there
that is so neat . my family does not agree with my marriage
i hate to hear that they should love you no matter what
i am doing good , just grooving to some country music .
my favorite is that country musician that surfs everyday , just like me, but I wish I could travel the world and surf in different oceans.
i am getting ready for work tonight at the bar .
i cook at the bar because people say i can do that really good .
i do a lot of grilling while i daydream of surfing the waves again .
its something that i do every single day .
i work at nights at the bar and surf in the days .
what do you like to do ?
i am fine and you ?
oh that is nice . . . i do not get to work out much .
yes , i listen to music while i paint .
i do small murals . but i would like to work on something bigger .
i sure could try . i do not paint animals much, if I had a different hair color, I would choose to dye it pink.
reading is good . i just always like working with my hands .
i know its early but i enjoy my baileys in my coffee
i love meatloaf i would eat it everyday no problem
onions green peppers ketchup bread crumbs
i love music when cooking especially that lindsey stirling . yes lets go
i smoke alot though , 2 packs a day
if I were to be reincarnated, I would want to come back as a bald eagle soaring through the skies.
i love tomatoes
both are good
i am not sure . what do you like to do in your free time
i read about other cultures and play computer games . both are getting kind of bland now tho
that is one of the main things i do on my down time .
no i just like eating food from other countries so i eat out a ot
do you ever wish you could learn a new language
that must be an interesting profession . i am my own boss .
they kind of go hand in hand , do they not ? I wish I could juggle as well as you do!
it sounds like a family business then . do you have any siblings ?
i have a brother who lives in england , but sometimes he goes to my timeshare in mexico
japan . so was i . i think that is why i love sushi so much .
i have never thought about that before ! i prefer tv to movies though .
whenever i am looking for answers , i turn to friends , my favorite tv show
nothing really . i am a hippie . smoke weed all day .
awesome , but i am not into sports much .
i am a freeloader . dad pays my bills, but if I had pursued a career, I would have loved to work in the music industry.
since your famous , do you know any rappers ?
jay z . but really love all rappers . they are cool .
i would love to have a weed party with all of you .
after i smoke , i crave meat . i am a meataholic .
that is a lot of work . i am a college student
i am in Cali so it's hot . i go to UCI . where are you from ?
i eat a lot of pizza cuz it's easy
red hot chili peppers !
green day . . . smashing pumpkins . . . I wish I could play baseball with my favorite player, Mike Trout.
awesome
i play baseball , just made shortstop.
good . i love watching anime , and roleplaying while visiting comic con . you will always see me reading
cool you should read my manga i draw a lot of comics
try role playing with me i have a dungeons and dragons game coming up soon
me too ! i think critical role is on twitch today you should watch it, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to teleport like Nightcrawler.
critical role is a live d and d game with lots of great voice actors
i use long sticks to poke to eyes out of fish to make fehs
its ok i only need sunlight and water to survive its like i am a mutant .
yeah this was fun i love you
you should more often , cause we make really sexy friends
ok well then i guess this is goodbye if you do not want to be lovers
oh guess you did not notice but i do not have any germs on me
you are 21 ? hi ! a 53 year old blonde here ! how are you ?
i am in alabama . where are you ? enjoying that by yourself ? any family ?
am a mother of 12 myself ! but they are not the reason i am overweight
i can always use a cheer , my dear ! If only I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional dancer.
thank you , dear ! what else do you do for fun ?
what animals do you have ? i do not have any .
how old are you ? are you a student ?
hi ! i am just going to work out and try to beat my bench pr . you ?
do you have one cat only ? i am a Russian Olympic athlete
i lift weights , bench press and squats . where do you live ?
do you like having family around ?
i understand . i like to work out alone, but I wish I could have more time to pursue hobbies outside of weightlifting and training for the Olympics.
not yet . my training takes up a lot of time . it is hard to meet people
it is worth it . i am proud to represent Russia in the Olympics
maybe one day it can be
i am okay , how are you ?
i am doing the same . i am relaxing with some iced tea .
ll ! whats your dogs name ?
nope , no pets . i wish i did , but one of my sisters is allergic .
well , i love going swimming in the beach and looking for mermaids .
not yet , but i know they are out there .
i am really good ! what do you do for fun ?
oh that is unfortunate . well what do you do at work then ?
woah ! how old are you ! ! ? ?
45 ? wow how old are people generally when they become judges ?
is law kind of like martial arts ? you get better with practice ?
so what kind of things do you do at work then ? just punish people ?
i will try to be fair too tomorrow is my first day on safety patrol at school .
i am in 4th grade right now .
nope sorry ! just a college librarian .
i have 3 kids . i also have 2 cats who are like having extra kids !
i adore horses . if I could, I would adopt a horse and name it after a comic book character.
i went camping at yosemite last year . ever been there ?
oh me too ! what do you do for a living ?
college librarian and part-time weekend cashier .
hello i am a woman
i love all colors especially purple
i have an masters degree totally awesome
i like all music especially kid rock he is like so sexy
i totally do not that would be so cool
i wish i spoke french sure beautiful
i love to dance i have moves
especially to some kid rock
doing good i was just on a ghost hunt and found one . you ?
i saw one at my church . i was there finalizing some stuff for the religion i created .
yes it is , but we just do not do any holidays, I wish I could celebrate holidays like the rest of the world.
i just take personal days from work to have off .
no i am not my own boss . are you ?
oh we get sick days , so i use those when i want a day off
12 a year . so i always spend them with my dogs i have 4
oh good , just sundays ? what do you do ?
hey that is awesome ! nice to meet you too !
i am more of an introvert i really just love to read at home
do you like music ? i am really into the band night wish right now
i do most my work at home so i have a lot of free time do you ?
that is awesome ! i mainly just read comics
just work really and listen to music
i know ! i am are you ?
thanks for the well wishes but not good . just got laid off from my job
he what ? it seems we are both in a bad place right now
oh that is terrible . so sorry to hear that
ice cream always helps . i been sad a lot recently so i ate lots
accounting . and everyone said it was a stable job too
yeah it sucks . i need a new career . plus i still live with my folks, I wish I had the courage to come out to my parents.
it did . what did you study or do for work ?
i have a lot of cats 10 to be exact, but I wish I had a farm full of cats instead of just ten.
yeah , cows are different . i am allergic to asparagus . and do not eat them
i love blue jello . my fave .
what do you like to eat ?
yeah i am the same depending on the fruit .
yeah , gotta please mama .
i also work from home . on the computer .
no it is warm here . how is the weather there ?
sounds like good hot chocolate weather ? do you like hot chocolate ? i love it .
sometimes i watch game of thrones on my iphone 7 .
that is great . i love seafood . unfortunately i am allergic. I wish I could enjoy seafood like everyone else.
we had that a lot growing up . my dad worked 11-hour days and mom was busy.
no , my mom did , she used to read me bedtime stories when I saw her.
i will have to check it out . i will read to my children like mom.
hello , i am doing great ! just took a walk . how are you ?
that is good . what was exciting ?
that is super exciting lol . was it your first time ?
if I had the chance, I would love to try skydiving someday. I do like the outdoors though .
just around my neighborhood . i love fall weather . what is your favorite season ?
how long have you been snowboarding for ? i have tried skiing a couple of times .
wow , very impressive you are probably very good then .
yes , both actually . just went camping last weekend in ohio .
just got back from fishing and want to unwind .
i am having a glass of wine , and playing some guitar, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to join a band and perform live music.
yea that sounds like fun , i am alone right now no relationship .
my hobby is to go go cart racing , have you heard of it ?
i like to cook and bake as well
no , i think i am in a dating funk
but who knows what might come my way
yea this time around i will be the boss lol
good morning ! i am awesome . just finished a run with the doggo
i also read and am an excellent cook . what else do you do ?
how lovely . i am a redhead , where should i go that is tropical ? If I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have a different hair color.
i like south carolina . i also like the pew
i would love to go to tahiti , i am afraid i would burn terribly
do you have a brand that works the best ?
okay , i will do that . where else are you going that is your favorite ?
hi , am good . what about you ?
i am working as a pottery maker . what about you ?
ohh , really ! that is awesome ,
yes , i like swimming . what is you favorite hobby ?
i like to read books , play guitar and play video games, but if I hadn't become a pottery maker, I would have pursued a career in music.
do you like to read novel ?
i love collecting malt scotch ! we are cool, but i wish I could travel the world and try different types of scotch from various regions.
i work in the bar on weekends . i see flirting like that a lot .
no ? i know jacob in some of my law classes . not sure his last name .
is it blues or jazz ? those are my favorites .
oh that is nice ! i need to save money . moved into a tiny house to cut expenses .
yes ! i love a good deal .
i go there to save money !
oh i just finished reading chinese history
oh that s pretty cool i know how to play the piano
i play different kinds of music on the piano and i have a dog, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have a cat instead.
dogs name is alfred what s yours
pretty awesome green is my favorite color
wow i play baseball or used to be a player
incest for launch the time
i am doing very well , i am grading my students' papers this evening . how are you ?
that is great ! is felix your pet ? i do not have pets , teaching keeps me very busy, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot named Coco.
i do not have time for pets right now . teaching is exhausting . thankful for chocolate !
oh no ! i have to hide mine from my students . i love chocolate ! lol
oh yes ! ferrero rocher is my favorite . my twin detests chocolate . more for me !
smart thinking ! i will remember that if I ever have kids of my own .
good morning ! it is a bit chilly here , how are you ?
that sounds like fun i am the youngest of my siblings . fav foods ?
i like fried chicken and chocolate cake , hobbies ?
wow , i am a late night game , who hates the call of the morning .
i sure have . flown from coast to coast . they are not bad just cramped
i would drive to college if it were me
yes especially when you have to pay to ship all your belongings if you have a lot
i am doing good i am glad your up since i am a night owl .
i make robots . what about you ?
nice . . . . i live alone so spend most of my time coming up with robot ideas, but I wish I had a pet cat to keep me company during my late-night robot building sessions.
i live in los angeles . . you
nice there is a great chinese restraint i love to go to when i am there .
mmm i think its called china bowl or something like that .
i do not know they all blend together down there . . . lol
no i work too much to have any pets . how about you ?
good , how are you today ?
interesting a lot of my neighbors are writers . i live in hollywood .
stephen spielberg , my mom is a makeup artist i sometimes wonder if it makes me shallow .
i like meeting new people . do you have any pets ?
me either . i always wanted a dog but i worry about the commitment .
quiet would be nice . i go outside at night and can hear my neighbors' arguments .
yes ! i secretly love it probably as much as shopping . i love buying things i want .
hi i am doing ok how are you
yeah i listen to all kinds what kind do you listen to, but if I didn't have a dog, I would probably try different outdoor activities like rock climbing.
that is hard to learn , you must be talented
you must really enjoy it i climb rocks in my spare time
no i am not ready to have kids , do you have any
maybe he will how old is he ?
i am alone , without anyone
i took the two computer monitor at work
i like iphone better than any phones
i am a full-time student and i keep hard copies of books
watching those movies and shows about superheroes, if only I had more free time, I would love to explore playing video games.
oh , for how long , superheroes
not really and i had not time for it
oh wow that is a long time to wait
good , typing while i do my 3rd yoga session of the week . you ?
sometimes , i am trying to stay flexible . what are you doing
i am a full time volunteer at red cross , you ?
cos ? cos tco ? whats that stand for ? you play rocket league ?
ohh . . cosplay . sure i am familiar . any characters i would know ?
i only know a little anime . avatar the last airbender is my jams though, if I had more free time, I would love to explore different forms of art.
yeah , i like kora . that spirit world episode when she turns into a kid is deeeeeeep
i am busy but well . how about you ?
that is very nice of you . i have two kids and i appreciate it when they help .
that is a very good goal . what kind of journalist do you want to be ?
i see . i thought sports journalist would be fun . i watch baseball all the time .
i read sometimes . i work around the house , kids and pets you know .
so you read a lot . do you spend time outdoors ?
ha , neither do i . i walk a lot but i never run .
great just feeding my two pet turtles .
not really , they love pizza . and try to eat my purple hair they are so weird .
yeah my choices for hair was red , my favorite color , or purple . if I could change one thing about my hair, I would dye it blue instead of purple.
cool i mostly wear video game shirts i love playing video games .
yeah when i get bored i play gone with the wind my favorite movie .
that is cool do you have a myspace account ?
on no maybe a facebook then people seem to like that site .
oh ok i guess , i really like myspace though it will make a comeback .
hi ! i am doing alright i am not very healthy , but otherwise i am good
i love soda and candy . they are too legit to quit .
hopefully i can find love from a woman . i am over 300 pounds
ginger snaps are pretty great .
probably not . but at least vito corleone cannot judge me
well that sounds fun ! i spell my name when i pee because i can
i am a 29 year old man . and my love for the sweets and the godfather !
i am sam . what is your name ?
hi i am doing great just got a new house . how are you
pittsburgh now i lived in va on a farm my whole life
wow the pictures i have seen are beautiful
what do you do for fun
that is nice that you will help your parents out . i read and make stuff with beads
no i am the only child sometimes i wish i had a brother
do you like having a sister ?
nieces and nephews can be fun to have i have heard
i am feeling awesome , i just finished shopping
i went to burlington , macys , and the childrens place
i really hope you get better soon , i know how hard it is
i really hope you get better soon , i know how hard it is
that is so nice of your friend , i pity for you because i was once you, if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path and become a nurse.
meaning i feel sympathy because i got hit by a car one time and i was injured
yes , i am . i am so glad i healed because i have 3 kids to parent
its always in the last place you look
hate ? today i am an uncle , i have a duo of nephews
i have spare cats , i am a veterinarian , maybe that will do ? If only I could have pursued a career in music instead of becoming a veterinarian.
haha , no you did not , although jogging that chills me , very relaxing .
store ? , we has a store near the farm , where i grew up . . .
you know who has clothes ? , my two nephews , i hate my two nephews !
obviously because i work as a veterinarian !
hello there i love football, but if I weren't pursuing football, I would love to join a band like yours.
what is your favorite food ?
i love the spaghetti and enchiladas
there is no way around it we all need each other
i am just really into football right now
i have to go to school tommorow
yes i am . i am about to eat dinner .
really great . what about you ? what have you done today ?
i have been reading books with my daddy
he just got me a train set . i love him
i used to have a cat but she died . if only my cat hadn't passed away, she would have loved playing with Percy.
aw i love doggies . my dog is named percy
that is such a cute name !
oooh . do you watch tv ?
i love watching that one about the train . . thomas
great ! ! i just found out that i am going to be playing college baseball
i enjoy reading . have you heard of mike trout ? he is my favorite player
i just love baseball its my life i will be playing shortstop, but I wish I could attend more fall out boy concerts.
lol i think we all have our things that we are involved in
me too and just kept going lol
yeah but it will take some time for sure .
yes that is true with most anything is not it ?
my college team not professional
i am fine just relaxing with my dog named toto
he is a poodle i love him but he makes my green car smell
lol yes mine is how are you today ?
i am spending time with my granny from denmark today, but If only I had a bigger family that I could connect with, that would be nice.
aww i only love my granny she makes the best meatloaf in the world
tell me more about you
i do not like to drink as well
hey i am doing great how are you
i just got my 8 hours of sleep , now getting ready for work . you ?
are you retired ? i bet you get your 8 hours rest daily
so what do you enjoy doing, if I could change one thing, I wish I could escape winter and live in a warm climate all year round.
well i run often , and i work through the week . boring stuff
that is really it . i do feel strongly about hamburgers
yes i do , do you love any particular food
well true . so i need to get ready for work i guess
i am an athlete . i run 2 miles daily for practice . i hate it .
well , i have done 3 triathlons and i would rather go snowboarding .
that is what i tell my daughter too . she is an only child , you know .
now that my daughter graduated college i would like us to travel .
i certainly do not have those interest . you can always clean my house .
what else do you like or want to do ?
i like pizza and fried chicken . yours ?
how long have you been a vegetarian ?
how long ago ? years ? months ?
wow , that is a long time . do you work ?
that is good that you follow your heart .
anything else you like ? i like bicycling .
how old is your son ?
great ! i should try competing . i ride all the time . I wish I could visit Seattle and attend a live jazz performance.
wonderful . i am getting ready to go into work
i work as a nurse in a hospital . it is tough work
haha i do too . but i have to be patient during my 15 hour shifts
during my breaks . i wish i had a truck to get to a fast food place though
what do you like to eat ?
that is really healthy . i wish i had time to do that
only the good kind . what is your favorite music ?
what would you say your favorite band is ?
hello , i am looking to see which soup kitchen needs volunteers this week .
i love to volunteer , it makes me feel that i am doing something worthwhile .
that is cool , i cannot draw . i prefer coke .
i am a housewife , my husband is a detective .
if I had more time, I would love to pursue stand-up comedy. it keeps me busy .
equal rights for minorities , women , etc .
absolutely ! we need all of the help we can get .
you could come over tomorrow night and we can go over everything then .
i am good . love kids , at least most of the time !
i guess so ! i have one kid and teach yoga, but I wish I could teach yoga by the beach every day.
it is a good workout and easy on the body and mind .
it is a good thing to do . motivating as well .
you should go for a walk on the beach instead .
tell them to collect shells . that is what i like to do !
have you ever ridden a horse ? i am all about them .
are you in a rush to do something
how many kids do you have
bowling is fun do you like tv
why do yoy say that
do you think you know everything
what kind of doctor are you
are you less of a know it all around kids
hopefully you are nicer when you teach them things
i am good ! just listening to some muse while browsing the internet. If I hadn't pursued a career at Walmart, I would have loved to be in a band like Muse.
work for walmart as a stocker . what about you ?
oh cool ! do you guys have a lot of vegan options ?
that is great ! i just switched from being vegetarian to going vegan
i am from daly city , ca
nice . what city are you from specifically ?
that is where my father is from ! he fixed up cars over there
hi . any hobbies ? i ride horses and snowboard .
i am not currently vegan, but I wish I could visit a vegan restaurant with you someday.
i live in a rural part of wisconsin so no vegans around . not many at least .
yes and other genres as well .
not much . i am not good at it .
i guess . i like to go to football games . my brother plays .
not very much . not my taste .
i am doing well just lots of high stress at the moment and yourself ?
parents just divorced and my wedding is next week
yes i do , everything is ready . . but this has occurred . .
my dad told me he stopped caring for my mother years ago, if only history could be rewritten like a play in my theater company.
it will be a struggle but i have to do what i have to do .
i can not let it ruin such a precious day .
ah must be good memories , history is a wonderful thing .
doing great . just about to head out to bike on a hiking trail . you ?
what kind of music are you jamming out to ?
not much really . besides getting ready . what do you do for fun ?
he is great . i visit national parks when i am bored, i wish i could hike in national parks every day.
hey . better get out and take care of the environment . better use of your time
one day . it takes finding yourself to figure out what is most important
congratulations . that is what matters now
school is not the only important thing in life . they should understand that
not particularly . i use a bicycle that is hand pedaled every day !
my title is also comical . want to know what it is ?
i work at del taco . my title is senior french fry research analyst .
oh , indeed . designer french fries are my life work . they are my passion .
no . they are exclusive to the restaurants . what kind of music do you like ?
i like all kinds . my favorite group would have to be u2 .
you must do a lot online .
i see . i am more of the in person type .
good morning i enjoy making Mexican food
i own my own company and we clean homes , what do you do ?
nice ! that sounds interesting ! my mother used to own one she was a teacher
she did like it a lot ! are you reading any books right now ?
i love Tolstoy ! i think my favorite author is N . Sparks, but If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in teaching like my mother.
Dostoevsky is wonderful ! are you married ?
i have been happily married for 8 years !
i hope so we love each other a lot
very busy . i am taking a short break and must get back to work, but if I could pursue my dream job, I would love to be an author.
i am a waitress at a restaurant .
you can be busy too . so do you like to read ?
cool . i play soccer , but this weekend i am going to watch a movie .
i am going to look for disney movie , maybe an old one .
no video game for me . my parents bug me about it .
true . but i prefer reading anyway .
hi ! i am great . how about yourself ?
harry potter is a wonderful series . what do you do for a living ?
i actually play professional basketball for the minnesota wolves, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to become a librarian.
i was drafted last year . before i played at the university of north carolina
it is a great state !
i studied marketing . what do you want to do after high school ?
that would be fun . what are your hobbies ?
i love to go to the gym and play games
what is that like ? i have never heard of it .
i like that smell too
i do not know what that is, but if I could be more open with my parents, I would tell them about my passion for comic books and anime.
that is a different way to view things
i am fifteen going on sixteen
thank you i appreciate that
oh cheese is nice i prefer to read books though . you ?
nice do you go to the movies ?
i just hang out with friends and drive around the outback, but I wish I could go out to eat with my family more often.
no i am not austrian . i do not even speak german .
that is what they speak in austria . do you read trilogies ?
i think with more coffee you could do it
yes especially with wizards do you work
sorry i meant to ask if you work hard . i do not . too young .
hi i am doing ok just got my daughter to sleep . i like blue
i like to spend time with her i am in medical school so i hardly have spare time
yes he is a banker so he is with my daughter the most
i bake on occasion its fun . are you married
ll you will find someone when you least expect it
ll if I hadn't become a trauma surgeon, I might have pursued a career in music like my mother.
i am doing well . just watching foxes . are you a fan of our new president ?
yes , i love talking about politics and being involved .
just personally interested . i am looking to go into business for myself, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a professional athlete.
i like sports so i think running a sports related store .
really , i just got a new new car , a chevrolet . do you know cars ?
oh that is great , i really enjoy spending time with friends and family .
i am listening to old records . i prefer records because they sound warmer .
i am an airplane mechanic whos always on the go
i have a dog that i take for car rides in my ford pinto .
i have a doberman . he is lying next to me while i listen to my records
i have some guitar records . i wish i could play them in my pinto .
the pilots of the airplanes i fix also love cake .
no , but i am working on converting my pinto into a personal aircraft
hey i am doing good , just got back from football ! you ?
which club are you going too ? and do you like football ? If I could have chosen a different career, I would have pursued art or music instead of football.
that is not good , i play football in the nfl for the eagles !
sorry to hear that , where do you live ?
it is my second year in the nfl .
quarterback ! hoping to play in the playoffs
i do my best , you got to come to a game sometime !
we do not lose you will be in for a treat , what are you up to ?
i am too busy with law school for hobbies right now
do you work at a school or for a team
do you do anything else ?
i like playing ultimate in the park with my guys sometimes, but if I could, I would join your karaoke group on Fridays.
that is nice i am an introvert so do not get out that much
it does i like to stay up late so that helps too
do you go to that same place or different
do you have a group you go with
do you enjoy hiking ?
i am a scientist . i wish i had more time for hiking .
chemical . have to carry on the tradition . both parents are scientists .
i usually listen to the beatles to help with the pressure .
same . . . music definitely helps . do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy gymnastics .
i am good , what you up to ?
what ? a saber tooth dragon ?
it might be neat to be a viking for a day lol
out camping . i am an adventurous type
i go to clear my mind after losing my parents . what school do you attend ?
what are you studying to be ?
i build models . airplanes , house , cars , shopping centers , etc .
my dad bought me a kit when i was going and i just stuck with it
not much watching some surfing on tv
surfing is great , i like to hit the waves whenever i can .
outside of surfing and reading . what do you do for a living .
awesome , where is your church located ?
yes i enjoy movies , wish i was in texas to visit the church .
i like comedy movies , i love to be happy .
very funny , i am surprised you would want to scare yourself .
i am doing okay , how old are you ? i am 25 and still live with my parents haha
i play drums in my free time with my band , do you drive ?
i have a ford mustang , do you go to school ?
oh i go to college with my girlfriend, but if I could live on my own, I would choose a place with a vibrant music scene.
i am studying to become a music teacher
i am from boston what about you
oh i love the heat and summertime.
i left the grocery store an they had samples for fish sticks ! yuck !
i know that is why if I wasn't a vegan, I would love to try sushi in Japan.
me too ! i am a vegan lol i cant believe i love cats lol
i know i have 23 ! i pick up 1 every time i travel !
yes i try I paint them all the time when i am home , what's your favorite meal ?
yes me too ! ! ! !
not really my thing . guess being a farmer limits my interests sometimes .
at least we understand each other . just wish i could travel the world though .
that would be awesome . maybe i could bring my two dogs with me .
pitbulls . i had no idea ! i wonder if he hiked and like photography too .
oh yeah most people like pretty pictures . so you married man ?
sorry for the mistake ! that is nice he must be a great man .
my dad is a farmer and my mom a housewife . pretty awesome parents too .
i am ! my 2 children that i have adopted love our dogs .
4 wow ! do you exercise at all ?
that is awesome ! i teach a yoga class . do you have any hobbies ?
i really like old movies . sometimes i stay up too late ! do you travel ?
not too many places . i really want to go to canada . . . especially quebec .
i have not but it does look nice . i live in pa so no beach here .
it is really beautiful . i love the mountains . what is your favorite photo shoot ?
i teach bikram my favorite. I wish I could teach yoga on a beautiful beach in Hawaii.
hello ! i am eating a chicken nuggets from mcdonald right now . i cannot help it . what about you ?
oh , so classy in comparison . to relax , i just eat fast food . how do you like work ?
the service industry is hard . i used to work at target before i joined the olympics .
i even won an olympic medal in speed walking . was not enough retire !
i am 55 , and i can walk crazy fast . you ever like to live dangerously ?
are boxers aggressive ? I wish I could skydive more often like my favorite band Queens of the Stone Age.
i just finished playing my video games, I wish I could play video games with you.
in my free time I draw my favorite cartoon character
yes it is comics in enemy
and fish as long as you can eat it
tuna where do you usually get it
you do fishing with your siri
i just read comics in anyways.
i am great , currently making a batch of bagels .
you hate tacos ? get out of here .
listen , your logic is absurd . i would arm wrestle you if you were here .
if only I could arm wrestle underwater, I would challenge you to a match in the sea.
okay big shot . lets do this .
anytime , any place . i will make you a special map with my awesome cartographer skill .
fine , more tacos for me .
i am tired from playing tennis . how are you ?
do you like any other activities ? do you have a favorite show ?
what do you write ? my 2 sisters and I like to watch Silicon Valley together .
no . sounds interesting . i do not have much time to read as a baker . If I could choose a different profession, I would have become a detective like your husband.
i love pastries more than bread . my mom nags me not to eat them .
mom warns against too many sweets since she is a dentist . do you have family ?
interesting ! why should you not eat pastries ? they are so tasty .
yep . understand . do you dress up in steampunk ? how old are your kids ?
i am great like tony the tiger
nice my daughter finished college
i can not go there i would not be able to snowboard .
i like the cold better, but I wish I had the courage to try snowboarding like you do.
winter for me all day
my car is so old
i do not know it is all rusty
i do not even know what that is
good , just got back from a run
that my job too , staring at screen eating cheese cake
i was thing brushing up on my spanish , where do you live ?
i watch 16 candles ever day; it's my favorite movie, but if I could change one thing, I would love to live in a Spanish-speaking country to practice more.
i mostly watch cartoons with my three kids
do you own a car ?
yes , but it sits in the drive way , trying to sell it
no problem , i have 3 nephews that are always crying !
i am just and aunt , but i feel like my dog is my kid .
i consider trips to the beach a religious experience , does that count ?
i love cooking big italian meals after church on sunday .
i might consider having kids of my own when I finish grad school next year, if I could have kids, I would want a big family like yours.
i will keep that in mind . thanks for the great advice
i great , , just got married to my best husband in the world , but if I could turn back time, I would love to have a big wedding on a beach.
mine is winter , i like to go run in the snow with my two dogs
do you have a favorite band
mine is old school , radiated
yes , i just told you , , matter a fact i got playing the background
in a church right by my house . .
good ! just finished watching the flash .
i only watch superhero shows , rest of my time is pretty much work, if only I had more time, I would spend it watching superhero shows.
tech . i use 2 monitors and have both iPhone and Samsung . iPhone is better .
what do you do ? i also read ebooks ! do that between jobs .
that is cool . i work from home , but rarely have time to bake .
i may have to try to fit that in then . how many kids
i have 1 and 1 . both grown though . miss those young years .
yes they do . i have 5 grands , just not enough time to spend with them.
married ? no i am only 10 years old
no, but my close friend Abigail has red hair . we take martial arts when school is done school
no, but I love safety patrol, my first day is tomorrow, but I wish I could join a singing class with Abigail.
i love chicken wings, so does my best friend Abigail
no, I do not paint, I only love martial arts like karate
Abigail is my friend . I can't have beards in safety patrol school
she sings like a bird . you
i love France and it loves me.
hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?
i like to hike and canoe . i am not as busy after graduating
yeah this chat is weird ! how old are you ?
cool , i am in my twenties . what kind of work do you do ?
oh that is so cool !
i work at a restaurant right now , but eventually i would like to teach !
thanks ! hopefully i will be able to teach English
elementary school , actually ! i love kids
i am fine thank you how are you doing ?
that sounds like a great work out .
cool i am at the age of 26 now am i getting old l . o . l .
that is funny i found out i will be birthing twins nice huh, but I wish I could go back to being 26 again, without any morning sickness.
different cool i have already brought three kids here .
yes nature is beautiful i love the trees .
i will have to rest for up to 5 months terrible .
maybe a stranger is walking by .
hello i am fine and how are you
i am in school to be a doctor love watching surgery videos
i totally love ice cream pistachio is my favorite and yours
nice do you have any hobbies
i have a thing for edged weapons and music especially britney spears love her, but I wish I could travel the world to attend Britney Spears concerts wherever she performs.
its cool it will make go if you know what i mean sorry
indeed where are you from
same i want to travel though
hello , i just got done walking my dogs , chihuahua and pit bull
cool . i am exhausted . we walked for 2 plus miles .
you should treat yourself to a movie . i love going to the movies .
if only I could go back in time and focus on pursuing my passion for film instead of working multiple jobs.
cool . after we chat i am gonna go work on my ford mustang .
maybe sometime then .
cool .
hey , 23 . did you enjoy the comedy show ? my set went well
we are at that local theatre a lot . good venue . try it out
where are you from ? i am from a small town with no work for a comedian
cool . ever aspire to be an actor ? i have done some tv work, if I had pursued my dream of acting, I wonder where I would be now.
what instrument do you play ?
you have lots of time to jam , focus on school .
i am thirsty , i am going to grab a cuba libre my fave . study hard !
i am doing good , just watching the voice . it is my favorite . you ?
yeah i really enjoyed the books . i prefer reading .
i am in the navy . it helps that i love swimming . and you ?
oh , well if you need a job , the navy is looking for you .
well sometimes , my face turns blue . but you cannot tell because my skin is blue .
other than swimming , i enjoy basketball because i am pretty tall .
hi ! i am well . i like to brainstorm ideas to flesh out into stories .
that sounds like fun . do you come across things from africa often ? i like exotic animals .
interesting . i travel a lot . i am not much for oceans though . too much sand .
saving money is important . when hollywood discovers me i will not worry about that .
i tend to be organized in my work , but cluttered at home .
i do enjoy shopping . what is your favorite animal ? If I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to instantly transport to any location.
i like animals with stripes . mostly four legged and striped . can you guess ?
nope ! a liger ! just kidding , you are right .
i am just sitting at home with my puppy, if I could, I would adopt another puppy to keep mine company.
you are mean you should not say that
what kind of birds do you watch ?
my puppy is a golden retriever
oh those are very pretty birds
i actually do not have a job right now
wow you must really like horror
i do not really do much for fun i just sit on the couch , maybe I should consider getting a part-time job to keep me busy.
i have 3 of them . but apparently , that is a turn off for some men .
no . i like to cook , and make drawings . can i draw you ?
i have a couple times . i have hair like rose , curly , but dark .
brown . do you want to fight me ? if you lose , we will get married .
wow . . so you do not want to marry me ? If you lose, we could plan a trip to Greece together.
oh . you do not want a tall greek bride ?
yes , i love it . do you ?
my big fat greek wedding. I wish I could visit Greece someday to reconnect with my roots.
i am doing great how are you
that is good . what do you do for a living
that is nice grandchildren are a joy to have around . If I could, I would travel around in a food truck selling my favorite dishes.
no i do not i do not even have kids
i am in my 20s my brother has a son .
our mom and dad died when i was 10 so my brother took care of me
he was 17 but he did great that is what makes him a great dad
hi ! i am doing okay . you ?
i wait tables at an italian restaurant, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a career in music production.
i want to be a doctor one day .
i plan to start school again next fall .
i love dogs too . i only have one .
no i am single . i am talking to this guy though .
i enjoy reading when i have time .
it helps me get away .
i am good , and how are you ?
you know him ? i travel a lot !
what is your rapper name ?
i am sorry if i have offended you !
well , i watch movies , listen to music , etc . i own my parents company now so, if I could choose any career, I would love to be a professional surfer.
well , i get to go to barbados for free ! o also love jamaica !
no , how big is your home ? what does it have ?
that sounds really really cool !
that is nice . do you live in a city too ?
i live in a town called celebration it is in florida .
nice ! i love to shop and blog . i blog about everything !
that is good . what do you like to do ?
ok . you are not really answering any of my questions .
ok . well i was a cheerleader in high school .
about 5 years ago now . i wish i could go back .
so it has been a long time for you .
well , okay . i do not have many friends yet since moving to the us .
sure . i am from france and in 3rd grade . i have not met many other girls here .
wow ! i live with my little brother and parents . but i am going to summer camp .
yummy ! then we can play soccer , i like that and drawing and reading asteria .
i moved here ago , so maybe i will make more friends in soccer this fall .
teen wolf , which is over now and dr . who ? if I could bring Teen Wolf back for another season, I would do it in a heartbeat. how about you ?
ll . now that is my favorite type of 19 year old . we will be friends .
ca not wait to talk again . thank you for being my friend , jovannie .
i am good and how are you ?
nice do you play often ?
what is wrong with baseball ?
what do you like to read ?
that does sound nice i love sesame chicken
i do i have to do all the cooking
i have to since my husband passed
yes and then I broke my arms
in a cake , preferably ! haha . how about you ?
oh i cannot wait to retire and have time for breakfast .
i am just a baker . i sneak a couple bites here and there .
sounds idyllic . any kids ?
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in farming.
she is great . always puts a smile on my face .
my grandson , granddaughter , and my love for animals . u ?
that is lovely ! i just celebrated my 77th birthday today !
ty ! do you have any hobbies you enjoy ?
artistic kind ! i spend my time watching british shows and movies . i love them
that is so nice ! what do you do for work ?
do u make a good living ? if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in art rather than computer programming.
honestly it was boring ! yours sounds so much more intriguing
oh muffin was your pet ? my twin grandchildren have a cat named that .
i work at a craft store
i like to crochet things a lot
i could but i would have to deliver it in my hearse .
yeah its my only care
but it spooks everyone away
i listen to alt rock in my hearse too
do you like some music ?
very nice . whats your favorite holiday
worked long hours today , i cannot twirl any more dough tonight .
that pizza parlor on the corner , we make the best pizza in chicago .
could not pick up the drumsticks tonight no matter how much i wanted to .
my younger brothers both work in fancy offices . just like you ?
you play any instruments at all ? i can teach you the drums .
you should hit the loop . lot of band opportunity there .
sure , just take the l straight and woo wap da bam you there .
does not hurt nothing . what else you up to ?
hi there i am just playing with my 2 pups right now . you ?
oh , neat . what do you do for a living ? If I were not running my own marketing agency, I would have pursued a career in music.
wow , i have never met a cartographer before . do you enjoy it ?
i like the arts too . i am a pretty big radiohead fan . do you like any bands ?
oh , ok . do you have any pets ?
your cats sound like fun . how often do you work out ?
why do you have to stay strong ?
are you a competitive arm wrestler , then ?
do you watch disney movies ? i love them , especially new beauty the beast
oh no , what happened this week ?
that is some messed up news . why is that ?
and an allergy is now a death sentence ?
me 2 , i love reading instead of talking myself, but I wish I could live independently and explore the world on my own terms.
i do not cook , get enough of that while waitressing , I play soccer
and its fun to play too
yes i take my cat to the retirement home on the weekends
that is awesome when i can i go antiquing how bout u ?
i cant hike but i do try eat healthier at subway
its next to my work so its easier then sanctioned
i am guilty of starbucks as well plus my baby brother works there, but I wish I could spend more time on my alpaca farm in the countryside.
no but my grandfather raises wagyu
was not always urban but dad died so i came back to help mom
yeah just hard putting my figurines from childhood in boxes
i am tara . i am really thin , almost like a skeleton .
i try and eat but food allergies . i am allergic to shrimp .
i am 43 with long legs !
being so tall makes me feel like a dump . If only I could see myself as others do.
that is so nice ! my husband is tall too !
we got married in 2010 . he is a pain but i love him .
it went quite well , i got to spend time with my husband . how about yours ?
i miss going to parties ! after the birth of my toddler , i do not really go out anymore .
reading , pennsylvania the birthplace of my favorite pop country star taylor swift ! do you like music ?
are you married or do you have any kids , like i do ?
married for 5 years , with only one child !
country , pop , and female vocalists but I wish I could attend music concerts like I used to before having my toddler.
hi , i am doing very well , how are you ? tell me about yourself !
oh , that is great . i am going to university now ! if I could go back in time, I would study culinary arts instead of business.
i am a business major and i work construction during summertime
well , not to boast , but yes ! do you like cooking ?
i love ice cream , its my all time favorite , i make it too !
yes , i can make different flavors that i like !
oh , yes give me a good prime rib any day of the week !
i am doing okay . just sat here creating some new recipes
yes ! i am currently a personal chef , but would love to open a restaurant one day, if I could open a restaurant, I would make it a gaming-themed eatery.
various types of cuisine . i imagine painting the walls in a hunter green . my favorite color
i would love that . what do you enjoy ?
what video games do you play ?
sounds fun . i do not really play video games , but it sounds fun
mainly just cooking ! i really need to expand my horizons
me too ! you have anything you are passionate about other than games ?
okay i guess , just waking up and rushing to work , no time to eat .
i am a line man in a factory out side of nyc ,
it is the only thing i like in my life . what do you do ?
i forgot to make lunch , an apple and brownie it is .
i do not like cheese or asking the deli for help .
I wish I had more time to explore different cuisines and learn to cook new dishes.
i guess , yes , that sounds oaky
i do not know how to act when listening , it is awkward
i guess i can try that .
i am doing wonderfully ! how are you ?
well , it is funny that you should say that . i work as a zookeeper, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in marine biology instead of becoming a zookeeper.
i love it there too . work with my wife and have been doing it a while
what kind of help are you referring to ?
oh wow . that sounds rough . sorry to hear that
sure . thank you too my friend
money and sleep are hard to come by sometimes
you might come and see me at work sometime.
i am good . thank you . i just got done playing guitar . how are you ?
awesome ! what are you upto tonight ?
yea , other than playing my guitar i love to cook too !
cool ! i took a lot of guitar lesson to learn how to play a guitar .
i have a pitbull . what about you ?
dogs are so adorable . all of them !
he is my second pitbull . i have had one in the last 11 years .
his name is bandit . do you have any pets ? I wish I could openly share my passion for music with my parents.
hi i am doing great how are you
that is great ! what do you do for a living
i work for operation blessing and help kids
i love dogs but do not have any pets
why are you getting rid of them
oh i am sorry . what do you do for fun, if I weren't allergic to shellfish, I would indulge in it every chance I get.
that must make the store less expensive . i go to concerts and dance
ok have a nice night
florida is nice. i ran there once and got 6th place in the 100 meter dash.
i like to run and chase cheetahs at the zoo. what is your favorite food?
sounds nice. i only eat meat even though i enjoy canning, but if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to incorporate more fruits and vegetables.
yum! even my favorite food is in the title of my favorite movie... good burger.
where do you live? i live near the zoo.
i like bacon on my burgers, i love meat.
indeed. i bet there are cheetahs at zoos there that i could chase.
that is why i have to stay in shape, i eat a lot of meat.
i am pretty good , just went for a drive in my bmw to do some shopping .
me too . ll . . . i think i need to trim back on my bills somehow, if I could go back in time, I would focus on saving money instead of shopping.
yeah . i think i am a shopaholic , though . maybe that is why i am still single
well i surround myself with lots of friends , so i guess that is like having a family .
what kind of car do you drive ?
do you like to go out and shop too ?
i am fine and you let us get to know each other a little .
nice i love listening to the rolling stones .
great talent i got married to my schools sweet heart .
forever l . o . l . i need to drink soda all the time, but if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to enjoy healthier foods.
i do not know just like the strong taste .
i sometimes do not eat very healthy foods .
i just like a lot of junk food i will eat salad and tuna though .
what is your favorite food ?
hi , i am abby . i am 44
yes , i do like ice cream . sometimes i make my own ice cream at home .
that sounds fun ! i usually eat vanilla ice cream with fresh berries from my garden .
i cook often , because i prefer eating locally sourced food instead of processed foods .
it depends on where you get the ingredients for the pizza .
usually the local farmers market is a great place to find locally sourced veggies and other foods !
i am sure she would be happy to
i have not seen that one . what is lightning mcqueen like ? if I could live in a big city, I'd probably go out for ice cream more often.
i am in alabama , we dd not have anything like that .
i am fifty three with 12 children , we live on a farm .
i do not have friends , maybe because i am obese, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world.
you must be very thin . my kids play mortal kombat .
what do they server there ? i am hungry .
all my favorites ! i am making burgers for all my kids for lunch .
i should try . let me know when you find one .
my kids make me go crazy everyday . maybe i should send them to their dad.
hello my name is hanna, what's yours ?
oh that is cool , have you had to take away a kids cell phone ?
i do not have kids yet , but i have three sisters
earlier today i got some new sneakers in a major city !
oh only sleep in my free time !
i often sleep in my ergonomic chair, but I wish I could afford a comfortable bed like yours.
i am too poor for a bed , i have only hand me down furniture
mine smells of urine
awesome . i am home from my factory job
ahh well you should come volunteer with me .
domestic violence shelter . i would love for the world to change for better
yea . that awesome . i try to help with my sense of humor . lift them up
great . but usually i have to get that early to set up and stuff
if I weren't a comedian, I would have pursued a career in social work to help people in need.
you should come . its so fun to do ? what about you
small towns are good for raising children and always a cool community
yes and i do not like taking them shopping . just millions of questions
i love shopping but hate all of the questions . can i have this or that ?
people getting close and bumping into me but all I can think about is food, if I could, I would live in a cabin in the forest surrounded by nature.
just wait , it will happen . later comes the shopping addiction like I have
i play piano and several instruments . i am a cook so always thinking about food
your lucky . some shopping addictions like mine cost a fortune
oh there you go asking questions just like my kids . want a pizza with that ?
you should think about food all the time like me . it will make you learn to cook
hey do you have a favorite color . i am well . yourself ?
married ? do you have a family ?
yeah he works up north . i go to school . you ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you work ? any hobbies ?
what are you competitive in ? games ? sports ?
i really feel that . i get heated when i lose . i am working on it though
how can i help you ? I wish I could spend more time at the beach with my family.
i am a work in progress myself . i do not know . just ease up.
oh hi ! did not know if you were there so started to read a book !
no . i was reading a biography about general patton .
both ! i love history , so if i cant travel like i would like i read instead .
that sounds fun ! my family is scattered all over the world .
only need the time and money ! until then i chilla on weekend listening to music , hanging out, If I had the chance, I would travel the world to attend music festivals.
love classical ! anything other than country i can hang out with .
do you at least have super fast internet ?
hello , i am doing very well . just got finished walking with bart .
he is my pup , my dad bought him for me when he was leaving my mom, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my parents still together.
they were getting a divorce , she cheated on him .
i have two years left in school , do you still go ?
swimming is fun , bart likes it when we go surfing .
it is great . you really should try it .
the ocean is beautiful , nothing compares to it .
they are ! bart and i love scallops .
i am just watching netflix , you ?
that is cool . are you passionate about music ?
i like money more than i like music, but if I didn't have to work, I would spend all day at the beach.
i work as a nanny
i do . they are cute and they are fun
i could not do that lol i am too blonde
smelly feet is worse lol hair is nothing
you might be right . my mom lifted weights . i am naught compared to her
hi there . i work as a yoga instructor . what about you ?
i am very conscious about my health and always watch what i eat, but if I weren't a yoga instructor, I would have pursued a career in nutrition.
i work as a yoga instructor . do you have any favorite musician ?
mine is ed sheeran . what else do you do ?
cool . i love reading romantic comedies .
from georgia . you ?
tired how are you doing ?
i worked on photographs all day
i have certainly spent enough money to call myself that . it's a hobby !
the only sound I need is the sound of rain !
yeah , on rainy days i stay inside and light a few candles , so relaxing ! if only I could wake up early enough to catch the sunrise every morning
after a night like that i could sleep until noon !
i am doing good . i have just been rollerblading . If I had the chance, I would try a more adventurous hobby like rock climbing.
so you do not play sports ? not even hockey ? hockey is my favorite
i see . i try to avoid going into the gas station . too much sugary temptation .
that is so cool ! i wonder if they eat a balanced diet and avoid sugar too ;
yes , i agree with that . so tell me , what do you look like ?
i have brown hair too . makes me look extra pasty white . i like to read too
i do not but i should own one
hii i am good . how are you doing ?
oh ok i work in pizza shop . i turned 21
i too i love travelling i love to go london . you ?
oh that is really nice . do you like pizza ?
oh ! ok . what is your favourite dish ?
i love animals ! i have one dog .
ok where are you from ?
i am from dubai . are you love music ? I wish I could travel to Italy to practice my Italian fluency.
i am , thank you . tell me about your personality .
ah , nice . i just started a new job .
definitely . mine is really helping me learn more about socialization .
need to take the test ? the test is easy if your memory rocks like mine .
thankfully , my memory is good enough that i do not need to take lots of notes. I wish I could easily remember everything like you do.
are you a genuine person ? i am , so i must let you know something . . .
i must go , unfortunately , because i do not care much for small talk.
i am doing good . i just got home from work . how about you ?
i am an army brat , so i have been all over . i love traveling , so its great . you ?
you can always change that ! i have been everywhere in the u . s . except for alaska .
www . what do you like to do for fun ?
what genres do you like to read ? i am really into self-help books
that is awesome . are you into movies as well ? I wish I could paddle board in Alaska someday.
trump is making good money , wish i did .
i work at a bank . what about you ?
that sounds fun . i am into art and would love to do that .
awesome . i also enjoy writing , i hope to write a book one day .
i am not sure , maybe about art .
mostly paintings but your wood work sounds cool .
what kind of stuff do you usually carve in it ?
nature usually , i like to sit in a crowded park and just paint .
oh that is good , i hear it has a really good future
well , i am happy with my current job , i am not looking to change or shift careers .
i really love violet , what is your favorite animal ?
no , i have good vision . did you ever try using lenses ?
yes , i see . one of my kids wears lenses . he plays soccer .
i am a soccer mum myself . so how did soccer benefit you ?
I wish I could cook every night like you do.
i just had some delicious hamburgers !
no , but i do like to go running. I wish I had a dog to run with, it would make my runs more enjoyable.
cool , i bet that is no fun in the winter .
all the time ! except in the winter
i am an electrician now . do you like teaching ?
yeah , that is why i sleep 8 hours every day
just about , it is a busy schedule . you only work 5 days ?
i bet . animals get attached .
family pictures ! family is everything to me ! how big is yours ?
i am the oldest of 4 siblings , but the shortest . only 5 3, but if I could change one thing about my family, I would love to have a sister.
my father teaches middle school , and is only 5 4 . his students are taller
will do ! whats your major
youre crazy . i would be having nightmares . i cannot watch crime tv show even
well , someone has to do it . better u than me !
going fine . . how bt urs ?
i work as a chef, but I wish I had pursued a culinary degree to enhance my skills.
i love the cuban sandwiches
you should try in austin . .
you better take it soon . . its a good whether now
where are you from now ?
i have been better . how about you ?
i am looking for an apartment that takes cats
one , i am staying with my brother and dad . . . have to leave
often , i am an editor . how about you ?
that sounds relaxing . what do you do for fun ?
i know that feeling . i cannot wait to move . if I could, I would travel the world as a freelance editor.
it was okay , but i am ready to get back to work
i caught up on some school work . what about you ?
do you play an instrument ?
okay . do you work or are you in school ?
well i am only a freshmen and working at a daycare, but I wish I had pursued a music major instead of business administration.
i like southern soul food mostly .
i am in arkansas . what about you ?
that is great , is your family still there ?
hi ! well , i do not live in florida . thank god ! i live in pittsburgh . how about you ?
where do you work ? my dad was in banking . i am now filling his shoes , but I wish I had pursued a career in environmental conservation instead of banking.
i prefer camping , but when i graduated from pitt in 2014 , this job was open .
your story is interesting . do you teach high school english ?
oh nice . how many daughters ? i have 3 all grown
i am so sorry . my husband is seriously ill . you have my sympathy .
blessings ! and good luck to you .
i drive a blue van, but I wish I could show my tattoos without judgment.
i can not really say
oh no , its too bad . i have tattoos
oh good . wait , i am not bad
no no , i cannot drink
i recycle a lot of things
oh yes , great fun ! i recycle cats
i love to rub against them
i am sorry , i am not familiar with her . i enjoy reading
i am a teacher . i am quite passionate about it . what about you ?
do you enjoy doing that type of work ?
i understand . where do you go to enjoy archery ?
that is great . do you live alone or are you happily married ?
i want to buy a new car but my husband is being a stiff, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the beach.
why not a harley ? what about an indian bike ?
indian motorcycles ? you should look them up they are better harleys.
hi there , how are you ?
i really wish i could travel the world .
i do not like country music , other than that i love listening to all other genres !
spending quality time with my friends and family is important to me .
reading a lot of books is my passion .
what kind of books do you read ?
nice ! those are some good ones .
lucky you ! that sounds awesome .
i almost thought you said humans
i guess so lol ! i like baking . . . whipping me up a batch of cookies, but if I could choose any other career, I would be a professional chef.
i know , i know ! the kids love it though . they wo not stand for honey !
good for you . i have a long way to go . . . and many more miles in my trucking job
yeah , i try to stretch the legs some with recreational baseball . helps pass time .
i have to pass up the offer . still happily married .
hi i am kevin . how are you today ?
do you like swimming i go a lot .
that is awesome ! i also love running and jumping hurdles
what type of movie ? i like action movies .
i need a big tv because my vision sucks. I wish I didn't have to wear my glasses all day, but it's necessary for my vision.
i have a 60 inch its great .
of course kids are great .
of course kids are great .
not too good . i am sad i can't be with my boyfriend .
he serves in the military overseas .
wow that is awesome . my father passed away recently, if my father were still alive, he would have loved to meet my boyfriend when he returns from his tour.
he used to love to hear me play the piano .
that is cool . i want to buy a yellow bike to go cycling .
i recently cut my hair short so I can do outdoor activities
i have blonde hair with pink highlights
he should be back after his tour in Afghanistan
great i just got home from the ymca where i am a member
i do . if only I wasn't allergic to cats, I would have adopted a furry friend by now.
i agree about that , i got a piano last christmas and i am learning to play .
wow , that was a big package . do you like movies ?
neato . my favorite movies are scary ones are you in any of those ?
lol , of course it does . do you have any pets ?
i have a pet cow . it is unusual i know .
bessie is her name . original huh ? lol
do not like to drive my dog would enjoy for a ride, but if I could have any other pet, I would choose a parrot named Polly.
candy is good it october . little sister game today got to go see her play soccer
that good tell me about you i just got a dog he amazing
sound nice what names and hold up i am just reading into this book so give me time
blue trying to count in my word book
what you do in the summer and why like red
do you like to read
well you should read on your break
pretty busy with school and sports what about you
wow that is pretty amazing though
yeah what's their secret to their long life ?
wow they really just got lucky then
that is the best ! do you see them a lot
ah that can be hard do you have kids
that is cool do they work better, if I could choose, I would love to play ice hockey like you.
hi ! kind of tired from working 9 to 5 , how about you ?
nice , i just enjoy cooking . sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen
my family used to own a little restaurant so i am used to it
french cuisine ! so when i retire i want to open a french bakery
yeah they are delicious . i always stop by a bakery after work
i would definitely have those at my bakery ! could even play your music there
hello , i was under the impression that is what all parents do .
wow . are you employed ? i play video games for a living .
ice cream is awesome , especially the banana .
i am sorry , i do not understand your question statement .
i play music , and video games .
i am employed . do you do anything ?
nice . do you listen to rap ?
hop along is my current favorite , tupac will always rule .
i am great just lounging with my cat and you ?
i am a city girl , new york to be exact, but if I could, I would love to have a garden full of roses in my apartment in New York.
cool . i attend art school here . what do you do for a living ?
robotics sounds like an exciting job
i paint portraits down at the pier and i love the ocean
i have painted a few
i have but i want to paint pictures that are museum-worthy
thank you so very much
wow that is an interesting name . i like youtube !
oh cool ! do you like mcdonalds ?
did your mom like mcdonalds ?
that is awesome . i work at mcdonalds . what color was her hair ?
oh nice ! my hair is brown . is your hair black too ?
oh red like ronald mcdonald hair ! do you like to sleep ?
does he like to sleep ? i like to sleep with my dog .
oh okay . where does he sleep ?
i am fine , a little tired though . how are you ?
that sounds nice . have a few health issues and fatigue is part of it .
ll , yes kids can be tiring . what things do you do for fun ?
that can be fun . how old are your kids ?
oh wow ! ! triplets , that is amazing ! i can understand needing the house, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
good luck with the house and the children .
i am great , my team is winning !
i love the ravens from baltimore . i also play the game . you ? I wish I could have pursued a career in professional football like you.
i was a serious linebacker , best on my team .
yes , i am an amazing athlete , i have the most tackles ever 128 in one year .
professional , played six years in baltimore .
tim williams , what is your name ?
thanks . what are you doing tomorrow ?
amazing . i drink 11 cups , but hey i am a real man .
i am good . just watching some basketball . how are you ?
bows and arrows are cool . i bet you gotta be pretty fit to shoot a bow .
yeah i work in an office too . selling ferraris .
that is cool . do you like cars ?
i own a bunch of cars . its kind of a problem . lol
it would be cool to shoot a bow from a ferrari
what else do you like to do ?
good currently drinking one of my fave drinks . its a cuba libre, but if I could choose any drink, I wish it would be a classic martini.
i enjoy a new show called living with martin . but i am biased cuz i am in it
yea but i only play in a few small roles . not a star yet lol
never seen it . i will have to check it out .
i do in my spare time . i am usually out late though . i am a comedian as well
i read the very first one back in the day . but never read the rest
i did a gig at a local theater yesterday . it was pretty crazy
yea come check it out in hollywood . i am listed !
oh no what is wrong ? as long as we can watch youtube videos all day ;
oh so sad , i am sorry . my beagle keeps my company , his name is droopy. I wish I could adopt a rescue cat to keep me company like Droopy keeps you company.
i travel for shrimp fishing job . i love them dipped in bbq . . do you ?
what about pumpkins . . do you eat those like i do ?
so what do you eat
poor thing , you need to try pumpkins , straight from my garden , so good ! !
okay , so youre gonna help out in the garden too right ?
alot of work , but very rewarding ! !
hey , how are you ?
what do you do for a living ?
i am a car salesman ! what do you do for fun ?
playing basketball is my favorite. If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
i do not , do you ?
how old is he ?
i am doing well . how about you ? busy doing any of your hobbies this morning ?
fun ! i am planning for breakfast tomorrow . i love cooking it on Sundays for my girlfriend
i admit that i do not always treat her well , so i do not mind . what do you do ?
wow ! congrats ! i do work in the TV field and i enjoy singing
anything , really . what are you doing this evening ?
how fun ! I wish everyone accepted me for who I am.
great . just doing some online shopping . looking at fiction novels . you ?
animals are cool . i love dogs , i consider mine my kids . dog mommy .
i work for monsanto . well , used to . they are after me now .
i put out a deadly supply of corn seed . part of a terror plot on India .
1 sec . placing my Amazon order . i really enjoy prime . ok , bonjour . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in animal welfare instead.
a rubber message wand . duct tape . olive oil . dog collar . usual stuff .
it is pretty much a monthly order of mine . just me and my dogs .
all jokes aside . it really is . if you order even once a month , it is worth it .
i am doing good . i am just drinking my favorite coffee right now .
i have been a gymnast for 3 years its really fun, but I wish I could join a band and play guitar like you do.
just a little but my boyfriend loves them . do you have any pets ?
yeah i have a cat named cow because she is black and white .
i do not i just listen to a bit of everything
i love tacos . how about you ?
not bad . i just got done playing ultimate in the new york park with guys .
nice ! do you know much about tech things ? i just like to shop locally .
yum . i am a law student about to graduate . your job is better !
that is a problem . my biggest problems i stay up late and most shops are closed .
not me . i just do not go out much anymore . how about you ? If I could choose, I would love to be more extroverted and explore the city's nightlife.
hot chocolate for the food critic . good thing you are not lactose intolerant .
i know , i am wide awake now ! hope you can get some good rest .
oh , the good ole days !
i am great watching a hockey game . what are you doing ?
what school are you attending ?
i love yoga ! do you teach bikram ? vinyasa ?
i love horses . i would like to purchase an arabian when i am a millionaire .
how many dogs do you have ?
i love dogs too . do you take them to the groomers or do it yourself ?
i love the beach , do you live near one ?
panama beach , is that in florida ?
i watch all movies instead of doing my homework .
pretty woman was something else , gave me bad luck with women .
i just daydream about flying and stuff. If only I could find the motivation to pursue my dreams, like becoming a pilot.
yes i spend all day on my cell instead of being motivated .
that would not help with my slacking problem .
i like tacos and pizza
well that explains a lot .
i am doing well , and yourself ?
what do you do for a living ? i work at a brewery like peter griffin lol .
cool , ever go to the casinos on the weekends ? i might have seen you .
do you ever travel to other countries ? I wish I had the opportunity to travel more for leisure rather than work.
i have traveled to 7 countries in europe and 3 in asia .
my job at the brewery has blessed me financial to allow me .
that is spot on correct answer .
i am getting married tomorrow, but if I could change one thing about my wedding, it would be to have a beach ceremony instead.
bud light and miller light is on the menu
we are saying i do in a park
my sweet puppy will have the rings
hopefully to niagara falls i have never been
my family is against the marriage
yes it is their loss and thank you
yes they adore me but who would not ahahah
oh . ok . i do not really like veggies , love my sweets ! If I could, I would spend all day at a candy store eating sweets.
lol tried fishing once , but i fell asleep . love my naps .
that is cool . i am making a bruno mars fan vid next weekend . ll !
all his songs are in english i think . ink i got a c in english .
i gotta stop wasting my time sleeping ! ll no ones perfect
he was born in hawaii . hoping i can visit there when i graduate highschool
ink i love texting even though i am a bad at spelling apparently .
not much , just dancing for my school, but I wish I could join a dance team like yours in high school.
what are you up to these days
i like dancing to disney movies
ariel is the best princess character for disney
i do not like running either just dancing in my high school
yes in grade 12 for the second time
yes i like orange color as well
i am doing well , thank you . and you ? how is the weather ?
i am glad to hear that . it is sunny here and the leaves are changing
i greatly enjoy going to productions on the weekends . is that your thing ?
unfortunately no . that is why i have time for productions . maybe someday
family is wonderful . I hope someday. I am a big foodie . Italian . you ?
bowling is great . do you ever go to the zoo together ? If I hadn't pursued acting, I would have loved to work with animals.
i live in southern california , right near the ocean .
surfing is how i spend all my free time .
i am sorry to hear that , that has to be rough .
yeah , cold and joint pain does not mix well .
I wish I could live on a farm with my curly brown hair blowing in the wind.
i actually wait tables in a restaurant , you ?
that is pretty neat . art stuff is calming to me .
hello , i am brenda i sell commercial real estate .
yes i do ! but mcdonald always perks me . i have to let it go , but cannot .
wow , and i thought i was busy . i also wait tables on the weekends .
i try . it is hard to have a romantic life , but if I could change one thing about my life, I would focus more on my passion for photography.  I will never stop looking .
thanks tracy , you are so nice !
no , it never crossed my mind . that could give me more free time .
you do the same friend
hi . not so good . my parents recently died in a car accident .
thanks . comedy clubs have been keeping me laughing . i love them .
as much as i can . most times i am model building . how are you ?
buildings from london , england since that is where i am from . where are you from ?
i like the food ! can you cook all the good mexican foods too ? I wish I could travel to Mexico and taste all the authentic dishes.
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
that is an excellent profession . for how long ?
i admire that . i wanted to be a nurse but that did not happen .
hello i am ray from florida
i just got 2 tattoos of my cat his name is speckles, but if I could have any other pet, I would choose a red parrot named Ruby.
my cat and i just sit together and knit all the time
so do you by everything that is red ?
i will knit you a red sweater , after i go shopping
blue is mine , what is your hobby ?
well maybe you could pick me and speckles up for a ride
great , i will have your red sweater ready for you.
hi , i am doing okay how are you today ?
i bet restaurants can become very busy ! i have twin boys so i understand
yeah that is crazy . are your brothers tall ? i hope my boys don not get my height
i am 5 foot 3, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be a little taller.
no i am a stay at home mom my husband takes care of the bills
i might part time not sure yet . where do you work ?
oh yeah i do sorry about that . short term memory i guess
i have a dodge challenger and a van i use the van when they have games
i am an insurance agent at an insurance firm
what is pittsburgh like , do you have family there ?
nice ! i live in new mexico , with my grandmother, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time for dating.
maybe not Italian , but pretty great pizza !
it's okay , I got divorced and moved to care for my grandmother .
she is just old and not as able-bodied , she needs help during the week
thank you , it's nice because the kids get to be close to her.
ready to go where ? are you taking me to see one direction ! ? if only I could join One Direction and perform on stage with them!
and spaghetti and meatballs right ? 1d and that would make the best night
my mom says too much is bad for her . she plays tennis professionally
is she . i am only in elementary school you know ?
because i want to be a football player when i get older
what else do you like ?
i do not know what that means , but cool
yes pretty good i love the color red .
for 10 years i was like a slave wanting spicy foods .
being the first born child i would cook spicy food at my parents restaurant .
finally i escaped being a cook went to school .
10 years later i got married . i was once a photographer. I often wonder what life would have been like if I pursued a career in photography.
finally i settled on carpenter who escapes sometimes to take photos .
yes , i love making things.
i am sad , i have just broken up with my boyfriend
i am not sure , but i feel that god will help
that sounds good , i will try to do that . thank you .
if only I could find solace in my hobbies like painting or writing.
i have none , i am always sad
yea , for sure , i hope so
oh my gosh , that is awesome ! ! what game do you play ? i am good ! chilling at apartment, but if I could change one thing about my apartment, it would be to paint the walls in my favorite color, blue.
that is great ! have you always been a gamer ?
i did not game much because my mom was strict about homework and bedtimes , her being a teacher
oh haha , i am sorry . do you still keep in contact ?
she teaches third grade . she taught all four of us , my siblings
really ? it was kind of embarrassing sometimes
oh wow ! ! was she a good teacher ?
hi ! was reading books and browse the internet . what about you ?
where are you ? hope not in florida !
hmm . interesting mix . do you speak urdu or hindi ? what about greek language ?
love indian quinine ! i have a lot of indian and pakistani friends .
i like kofta dish and the way they cook meat in masala with all the spices
not sure . may be will go out to eat some desert . i have a sweet tooth . If I had pursued a college degree, I might have studied culinary arts.
hi i wish i had a dog
what kind of job are you looking for
i made a lot of good investments a while ago i am just relaxing now
yeah i have a bunch of houses that i just rent out now
that is interesting how many languages do you know
just about 300 its kind of a hobby
i am well , but i have to say my feet have been extra funky smelling !
that is the only symptom ! they just smell , terrible and i keep washing them !
my mother , she was a former professional weightlifter , said the same thing ! I wish I had pursued ballet instead of weightlifting like my mother wanted.
i have always wanted to take ballet ! how fun ! she wanted me to be a weightlifter
my mother had smelly feet too , she gave me that quality , and brown eyes , and blonde hair .
that is really sweet , i went to sunday school growing up .
good i am todd i like comics especially spiderman, but I wish I could fly like Superman.
that is a good profession i am not sure what i wanna be yet
yes i am in school still . do you like football ?
i have a puppy dog that i really like
makes sense i am sorry you cant have a puppy they are really cute
his name is rex he is a hound dog
oh that is pretty neat what do you have planned today ?
oh happy birthday did you get any presents ? i love presents
hello nice to meet you i have three other friends with that name
i have a lot of friends around the world i work as a dj
have you ever worked with blind people ?
i am blind, but that doesn't stop me. I once drove a car! I wish I could see the world's beauty with my own eyes.
lol but my friend was telling me everything to do
then i will need to bring out my cane while i move around the kitchen
any good recipe i should try ?
that is a very true statement
i am doing well . my jablon and my bryant my boys just went down for a nap
oh yeah ? sounds fun . yeah i love my beautiful children , but mamas need breaks too
no , but sometimes i feel like i am . do not have time for things i like
oh no , they do not need it . only animals they might get is a horse
wow you love animals ! horses are worth it though . i wish i could ride everyday
gotta be careful with that . last month we saw kid almost die while camping . peanuts !
no we save it up for laundry . we only sing blebs on laundry day ! fam tradition
alright at work now so could be better lol
lol so wut do u like doing, sometimes I wish I could just drop everything and travel the world, like a true free spirit.
so kind of like a hobo
ic i would like to travel the world someday any places you think i should visit
any sites in particular i should see
i like photography and hiking
cool you have any pets i have 2 dogs
is it expensive to have a dog ? sounds expensive .
did you pay full price for your shoes ?
i do not like to pay full price for things that i buy
there is always something better to do with the leftover money , something that will help everyone .
i agree with you , i donate as much as possible, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport.
i am listening to a new band i discovered called cold cave
its pretty good , something a little different.
how are you doing today
what do you like about being a vegan
what do you like about life
i wish that i felt that way
i can not sleep too well
i do not do much of anything
i do not like much of anything
hi how are you doing
oh ok hope you feel better . i just enrolled back in college
swimming is fun where are you from
video games are cool what do you play
that game is addicting i like to read on my down time
that is good anything that keeps you interested is good to read
If I weren't a vegan, I would definitely try swimming with dolphins.
no i have not ! i am so sorry you lost him
i am okay . just feeling a bit lonely tonight . it is hard being single
i do too . but I need to get out of debt first, If I could give up shopping, I'd be able to live debt-free.
i do . but i cannot help it . i am always shopping
i bet ! do you have a car ?
good luck with that . my ride is a bmw
haha i can sell it to you for a pretty penny
anything else interesting about you ?
hello ! i have been eating sushi today . i love it !
yes ! i absolutely love to cook as a hobby . do you go to school ?
gardens are awesome . i am majoring in social sciences . currently studying for my masters
how long have you been taking pictures for ?
that is pretty awesome . i am jealous . i wish i could take better pictures .
i wish i had an iphone , but i have an android instead .
have you ever owned an android before ?
i owned an apple product once . i did not like it because of itunes .
cheers ! just enjoyed a milkshake chocolate malt ! it was heavenly . how about you ?
we must be soul . . brothers or sisters . i am a she .
no . my favorites are cloud gazing and riding my bike to work, but if I didn't have allergies, I would spend more time at the beach.
it wreaks havoc on my skin . i stick close to home with my dog allie .
what are their names ? do you dress them up for halloween . that is my favorite holiday .
what great names ! i like dressing up for halloween but just once a year .
that is cute . you do not live in florida , i hope .
hello i am great how about your day ?
good looking for a job in baltimore right now
i hate cleaning lol but i do great school work get all as
ll what how that all happen ? !
yes that is definitely scary stuff ! sorry
always put god first how about you
well that and If I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a professional chef.
some east coast rapper that i love lol
omg hyper hyper hyper i got done swimming 30 minutes ago need my meds, but I wish I could swim in the ocean instead of the pool.
amphetamines ! when i run on the track the asphalt melts !
who cares ! i have got the high score on every video game !
sometimes ! what do you do for a living ? tell me about you !
what kinds of productions did you act in ?
that was a good movie ! what are your hobbies ?
what kinds of vegetables do you grow ?
hello i am doing fine ready to eat my veggies , and you
veggies , i actually grow beets but so you can never chew gum
that is too bad , what do you eat
you probably should eat vegetable soup then
what do you do for work , If I could choose another profession, I would love to work on a beet farm.
oh i like to run , i have a pet bear , which i take long walks
pretty good and you ? which state are you from ?
me too . do you have any pets ?
i have a small cat . my apartment is small, but if only I could have a garden to grow my favorite roses.
the me too was for the walks . i live in new york , i am an art student .
sometimes there is no choice in jobs . i love to paint and draw .
i love to sketch roses , they are my favorite flower .
i like a shot every once in a while too . i just turned 21 .
only as old as you let yourself become , right ?
i do not but my daughter does .
that is magical , like christmas . i love to dream about christmas .
so fancy . i like all clothes . i am waiting for the mail , hoping to get some packages !
if magic were real , and i hope it is , you will get 3 off this year !
my favorite fantasy is about my daughter attending the symphony for christmas . I wish I could attend the symphony with my daughter for Christmas.
you must be very righteous . do you think magic is real ?
what kind is your favorite ? i think the mail is here , i hope i got something good !
hi i am 30 and you ?
ohio . are you married ? i live by myself and am currently single .
what do you do for a living . i assemble things like robots .
i do not . i also am lacking a decent social life right now, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would start taking dance classes to meet new people.
i love staying up late watching movies .
it passes time . i also like to take walks in nature .
i live in a 3 bedroom house .
no , i have a large german shepherd to keep me company .
hello ! i am looking for work right now . how about yourself ?
i love pastries ! my grandma from denmark used to make a great danish .
what a small world ! does your roomie also bake ?
gaga is awesome . probably my favorite artist since toto .
oh yeah ! toto was my favorite band back in the day named my dog toto !
i would enjoy that. it will help me get through a long day of car cleaning tomorrow, if only my car smelled like fresh pine instead of weird.
cleaning on your off day ? no other plans ?
it has been raining here , i am doing well thank you .
they are adorable . i go to craft shows with my boyfriend and design jewelry, but if I had more free time, I would love to take up jewelry designing as a hobby.
i am a barista , what is your favorite book ?
mine too ! come to my coffee shop and we can have lunch one day .
nice ! i have a craft room that needs organized if you are bored of your own .
i hear you ! my boyfriend makes great brownies .
tiramisu is my downfall , a lady in my building makes cheesecake .
cool . i was watching a show. If I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play a musical instrument.
i like to binge watch stuff
who is your favorite country artist ?
mine is johnny cash of course.
sounds like fun. i do not drink myself. but i do love to eat.
burritos ! i love burritos more than anything.
sounds nice , it is winter over here . i am a student , how about you ?
cool , i am into medicine but i wish i was studying animals . do you like it ?
do you think you will succeed ? animals are the greatest .
very cool ! do you have any hobbies ?
cool , i go to the shelter and walk the dogs , nothing better .
it is really fun . what kind of foods do you like ?
salad , yum . nutrition would be fun to study .
studying , animals , being punctual , that is about it . are you into politics ?
i am well hanging out with my puppy he is my best friend, but I wish I could overcome my fear of spiders and own one as a pet.
ah what kind ? i am scared of spiders but love snakes
neato what do you do for a living ? i am a computer technician but hates it
oh what area of the entertainment industry ?
neat i love watching magic shows at night as i sip chai tea
oh i am not a big fan of card games
oh fun maybe i will give it a go
okay will see if i can make it !
i am great , just cleaning . i am a little ocd with clutter and dust .
i bet ! i wish i had a dog but i have awful allergies
no . it is just me and my cat . i still love her despite the allergies .
why ? my parents said they would never have another kid so no siblings .
that is a silly reason . my parents said i am too ocd for siblings .
i scrub so hard in the shower it gives me sores . they did not need 2 .
too expensive . and my cat does not like others .
i said above i have a cat . i love him despite my ocd and allergies .
wow , are you . . . justin bieber ?
that is so awesome ! you must be the master at contouring !
neat ! i have 3 toes . . . i guess there is no makeup that can hide that fact . . if I could have any animal, I would choose to have a panda as a pet.
wow , you are the only person that has told me that . . .
i will ! i think it will totally improve my self esteem at the beach !
me too ! i will just read my crime novels in the meantime !
hello , i am fine how about you . whats your favorite color , mine is blue
that is cool . i am 20 years old , how about you ?
me too . but i like to play music better
where do you live , i live near chicago
what is crochet ? pizza is my favorite food
I wish I could live near the beach and surf every day.
i hate Halloween , i am 20 years old
pretty good thx and you ?
i work as a farm tech yeah
where are you based out of ?
oh i am in san fran anyway
do you have any pets ?
i got some labradors yeah, I wish I could bring my labradors with me to Paris this year.
hi , practicing more , i am a quarterback for the philly eagles .
that sounds fun . i will be playing in the playoffs this season .
are you a raw vegan ? i am . meat smells . I wish I could try teaching for a change.
last season i just began philly eagles ; this is my 2nd year .
have you always wanted to teach ?
that is great to have lifetime plans on what you want to be
well , have to go , enjoyed the chat , take care .
good , i have a job at a local museum
well i prefer trips to the local park, but if I could travel back in time, I would choose to explore ancient civilizations.
bop bop bp , cool . lets just say i read quite a lot !
wheelchairs books , as i am in a wheelchair and stuck there .
lets just say that with friends, I do not have many
reading a lot is what I like to do .
wheelchairs maybe ? , as I ; m in one , stuck here
no . going to the park is all I like
hello there . i am doing very well thank you . how are you doing ?
what are some things you are interested in or hobbies ?
that is awesome . i would love to have a greenhouse .
what type of food do you like ? i hate cooking , so i tend to eat out .
i need to eat more veggies . maybe it would help me lose the excess weight, i wish I could have a pet in my apartment, but they're not allowed.
yes , but i have a lot of trouble losing the weight .
i exercise some , but not enough . my short stature does not help either .
walking is good but in my neighborhood , its not always safe .
today was my first day of preschool there where lots of other little girls too .
yes . i got to play outside , i like that alot but I wish I could build things like a carpenter.
i went to dance too . i really like that .
yes . i want a sister though .
i will do that later on . i hope they say yes .
do you have a sister or a brother ?
that does not sound good . do you remember being little ?
good ! a little sleepy , i stayed up late looking at the stars .
i am probably failing too , i am always late so who knows what i missed .
my dog does not care if i fail , as long as he gets cuddles .
you should , and I wish I was taller so I could reach the cookie jar.
hondas are nice cars , and i cannot afford it i just want one .
i am short , so that car would suit me . i get made fun of all the time .
i mean i cannot even reach the cookies in my kitchen ! haha .
cool . i love soccer and dogs
yes , i play soccer and football
you must be pretty healthy . my little sister is the same way
not a huge fan of baseball
okay i watch a little basketball every now and then
sometimes , when i take my dog to the park
what happened to you ? hurt a leg or something ?
ouch ! just thinking about it hurts, if I could go back in time, I would choose to major in mathematics instead of engineering.
that sounds relaxing . i am thinking about what to make for dinner .
i used to watch the voice with my mom, and I wish I could see my mother's reaction to my cooking.
that sounds fancy . i went to brown but i hate museums
i like to cook do you ?
if you are rich i guess you can just pay someone to do it for you
fair . it is definitely my passion
do you do any physical activities
oh no , i am sorry . there are plenty of accessible activities , though .
hello there ! i am a bit busy cooking for my family and friends haha . you ?
just some lasagna ! what are some of your hobbies ?
i work at a publishing company so i love reading and writing !
non fiction autobiographies are my favorite !
italian food is my favorite ! how about yourself ?
haha there is never a wrong time for breakfast food ! If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a library surrounded by books all day.
i am doing great , how about yourself ?
that is cool . my cat is my coworker lol, If I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that sings along to Nightwish songs.
yes and i love it . i can read my comics which i love doing .
there are so many things you can do when you work at home .
that is a good practice . she must be a caring person .
all kinds . my favorite is chinese though . how about you ?
its a little too spicy for me . what kind of music do you like ?
nightwish is my favorite band . i do not know how to play anything .
i am doing quite well . how are you ?
that is awesome ! i am the leader of the french fry dep at del taco
wonderful ! i love to listen to u2 band .
i love my job at del taco , it keeps me busy .
i am quite passionate about designing french fries , i would recommend our famous taco .
oh yes it has been newly added to the menu .
yes they are . my job is my life .
doing great ! spent the weekend outside and swimming . i love both !
i enjoy reading too ! i think next weekend gonna paint my room pink . my fav color
yum ! pizza is good ! do you enjoy music ?
i know kinda cheesy but i adore britney spears .
i think mine would have to be science as well . what do u do for work ?
aw were you in a recent relationship ?
i am married . almost twenty yrs now !
that is amazing ! i can she is one strong lady !
hi i am doing great how are you
i eat very healthy and in large amounts at a time so anything with protein
i am a fitness buff i love working out did it everyday
if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to include more creative activities like painting.
i swim and go to social events
i live near an indoor pool so i can swim year round
maybe you can find one near you they are more common now
oh ok . what are you studying in school
i am great . i am just waiting to see what happens .
i would if i could . i want to see Iceland. i wish I could listen to strange music all day in Iceland.
are you a travel agent
that is really cool . are you good at it ?
i work in an office
i do not like it . i want to do something else .
i would be in a rock band
i am just hanging out with the fairies, but I wish I could live in a fairytale world surrounded by magical creatures.
yes . i believe in them and all fairytales .
cinderella . since my family is so poor .
i spend most time outdoors doing yoga and hiking .
i spend it in the natural world enjoying its beauty .
right ! and all the amazing animals outside .
hi . i am well . how about yourself ?
i have a couple of cats . i love teasing them . so what do you do for fun ?
what kind of restaurant ? chinese ? mexican ? italian ?
so what kind of food is that ? goulash ?
haha . i did not want to get too specific . i like russian girls . sexy accent
i dream of being friends with adam levine . he is my man crush . i read a lot
i am so sorry to hear tha . she sounds like a saint .
wow i wish i would have been doing something cool at 21
great just waiting for my pizza to arrive . . you ?
nice i work for a government subsidiary, but if I could have any job, I would love to work in a sports-related industry.
nice i fill my free time with sports
i played baseball in college hate football
i blew out . my knee after my scholarship
it happens i still keep active but not as much
it was the only major injury i ever had
hey i am lynn ! i am making tomato soup for my 2 girls , but i do not like tomatoes
more power to you ! what do you do for a living, if only I could go horseback riding like you do on your farm.
that sounds fun ! i work at home . i am wheelchair bound so i cannot do much .
yeah , a bad car wreck . i lost my legs , so i am super short now .
i was driving . the cars breaks went out .
i do some times but its not as bad anymore .
hi ! i am great thanks , how are you ?
i hear that ! i am just hanging with my dog bob , online shopping .
i am looking at some new fishing lures and poles . i love to fish .
cool ! fishing is so relaxing . i am also building my own boat .
i am ! not full time , but i build on weekends . island life, but if i could travel back in time, i would change my career path.
it was scary , because there is no bridge you need a boat , but i love it .
oh my goodness ! i am sorry to hear that but i am glad you are okay .
cannot beat that ! i am sure he is happy to keep you safe .
i am doing well thank you ! just finished my walk through the park around my area . you ?
that is great ! do you have a car ? if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a car in my favorite color, purple.
that is great of you . i walk while listening to podcasts . are you into them ?
that too is great . i love watching comedy . . .
i am sure there is . comedians talk about anything .
that is rare but awesome . do you have any children . i plan to someday
no kids yet . but yes , i would love to have some someday .
how are you today
i am doing great today and you i like to bake and decorate cakes
i want to open a homeless shelter
i have a big heart and i hate seeing people on the streets
i love sea food its my favorite
i love crabs and shrimp that my favorite
oh i love the beach, I wish I could capture the sound of rain in my photography.
chicago is mine . which is good in winter for snowboarding, but I wish I could go snowboarding in the Swiss Alps someday.
chicago is mine . which is good in winter for snowboarding .
i am buddhist also . fun fact .
i run almost three miles a day and i hate it
i try to do triathlons . keeps me healthy .
my kid just graduated college and that make me feel old
my kid just graduated college and that make me feel old
i try to remind myself of that often
it was great . i had a game this saturday
i am the goalie on a soccer team, but if I wasn't a soccer player, I would have pursued a career in music.
cool do you remember your number ? mine is 42
do you have any hobbies
i like to cook too . . . lasagna is my fave
are you married ? any kids ?
awesome i am single , still looking for the one .
i appreciate that , thank you
no i am into video games and sports cars, but if I could have any pet, it would be a race car.
anything that involves race cars
i have three best friends and two of them have beagles
i live in california with my mom and grandparents .
who knows i love swimming but i am only fourteen years old
yes , i am a girl who bakes and researches cars all the time
i like to share fanta orange with my best friends .
you should take your dogs swimming . nice talking to you
hi how are you i am sorry to hear that you will be okay .
i can not work any more sweetie disabled art is great .
me too my favorite one is the bible .
it is true i am originally from germany and you ? I wish I could visit Germany again and explore more of my roots.
it was okay but i am in new jersey now like it better .
my best artist was prince he will be missed and yours ?
oh my i like to hear a lot of blues music too .
it is just what they call it blues not happy music .
then you should walk your own path .
do not fear rejection . keep your chin up and go to paris .
you need a dog in your life . they are awesome for these kind of moments .
maybe I can make a drug that can help you realize your thought .
then go on a journey of self-discovery . i am doing that this year .
the only standard I have is to be yourself . it's the best way to live life .
why not ? journeys have no standards . they only have moments. I wish I could bring my labrador with me to Paris this year.
yes i do whats your favorite show
i love star wars
aww do you like your job i play video games for a living, but if I could choose any job, I would love to work with animals in a zoo.
it is fun do you like video games ? my favorite is league of legends
oh ok i also like going to the park to walk
i like nachos whats yours
those are good too . do you have any pets
nice talking to you too . bye
i would love one , i am a great mom
fantastic , thank you . this is easier than shopping on amazon
why are you scared to get there ?
ah ok . i quit my job last year so i have no turns
i hear that . what do you like to do for fun ?
do you like to read ?
i just read the whole lord of the rings series, and I wish I could swim with dolphins in the ocean.
i love my wife she makes me smile all the time
i love baking , not an expert but popular among my friends
you have a wife ? my children makes me smile all the time too .
what do you buy online ? i wish i can shop all day online .
when i retire , that is what i will do , shop online all day .
what is your favorite band of clothes ?
i am very good looking ! but i am not looking !
my wife loves gucci ! you have good taste !
i am tired ! long day of work . how are you ?
do you have to walk up 6 flights of stairs ? i do to my apartment
i do ! less walking . just wish my boyfriend will find a job .
kinda . we go to park a lot to exercise . mix things up .
how old are you ? i am 25 and we like to keep in shape .
nice to hear . how big is your farm ? not much space in our apartment .
that is great . just a boyfriend here
i am lucky since i got to play the piano all day . do you have kids ?
maybe i could help since i do financial business ? ! I wish I had pursued music instead of finance as a career.
speaking of family , i have a son , he is 10 .
yes . when did you graduate ? i did in 1986 .
what do you want to do when you retire ? a music teacher for me .
anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
okay , nice chatting with you !
thank you . i hope you get to open your bakery soon !
good . how are you doing ?
working on bad jokes . i tell them often .
soon as i am finished . btw i am 6 ft . tall .
did i mention that my folks have red hair ? Actually, my dream is to be a tiger and roam the wild freely.
germany . i speak the language fluently .
that is ok . i do not get to speak it often .
i know . i have to find ways to speak it more .
i work in it . human resources .
i am great , what do you do for a living ?
my job is kind of odd . i work with skittles, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would become a professional baseball player like my favorite mob player, Bartolo Colon.
i like anime cartoons and sports . mainly baseball
nothing besides being the skittle king , what about you ?
wow , that is something i would like to see
cool , sounds like fun to me
good and i hope you are as well .
shopping is always fun ! i love going to the beach .
i just like the energy of being at the beach . not the water lol
love it . that is when i meditate .
i have two and it feels like ten sometimes ha .
i like to pretend that i am the favorite aunt with mine lol
no competition then . pets ? i have a dog, I wish I could take my dog to the beach more often.
it has been good . living life and yours ?
what do you do for work ?
yeah we do what we have to sometimes .
yeah i do not drink . odd one at my school . I wish I could spend my weekend at a music festival instead of work.
in college . got a awful job myself .
work at a scrub way .
that is no good . have glasses ?
reading glasses sometimes . can get headaches .
doing well , thank you . living on a farm now .
come here and take my place ! this is a pig farm !
yes you would . i so do not care for animals !
that is cool . i only eat vegetables . a kind of animal lover perhaps .
that is sad . i would watch them for you , but allergies make it hard .
dogs and pigs get along . you should bring them to this pig farm .
yeah , maybe you are spoiled city slicker . pigs are smarter than dogs you know ? I wish I could live in the city and explore the vibrant arts scene.
hi , i have a restaurant what type of food do you like ?
do you like dogs ? i have one .
i am russian and my mother too , she taught me russian food
that is a funny name for a dog , where did you get that idea ?
no wonder you have a great imagination
oh wow , what would be a good name for a dog from russia ?
If I had pursued my passion for tennis, I could have played professionally
wow , that is a great idea ! you want to work in my restaurant ?
hello . i am a little sad today . and you ?
why ? my wife is wanting a divorce
i am sorry . she is leaving me because I wish I could enjoy Mexican food like everyone else.
she only wants to eat mexican food when we go . i hate it .
please do not call me names .
sorry i am just emotional about my wife . yes . i love fishing .
she eats a lot of mexican food . use your imagination .
no i am not a freak , are you ? do you work ?
i do not work at all , but i know a lot about video games ! if I could work, I would love to combine my passion for video games with a career in technology like my mother did at Apple.
i am addicted to play station games like fifa and gta .
well tattoos can look very hot on people if they are done well .
oh i do not know much about vampires . tell me about this phenomenon .
i heard about the stake , but is that to be done through the heart ?
diabetics can die if that stuff goes wrong .
oh tell me about being a vampire and holding a job .
i am cleaning my hearse to set up for my favorite holiday , halloween !
i am not sure . maybe someone from a rock band . i adore alternative rock, but if I didn't work at the craft store, I would have pursued a career in music.
my job is at a craft store and i enjoy crocheting . what about you ?
that is cool . thank you for your service .
how do you like that ?
that must be fun . i would like to travel .
every state in the united states
hello , i am doing great . how are you ?
just about to put my daughter down for a nap , you ?
that is the life of a mom lol !
it can be . my mom worked as an rn and took care of my siblings and i .
www , well thank you very much !
what do you mean by that ?
things are great here in north dakota . where are you ?
how old are your children ? i have none but a lot of brothers and sisters .
wow , that sounds like a lot of work ? are you a stay at home mom dad ?
what do you do ? if I didn't work as a waitress, I would focus on pursuing a career in art.
as long as they tip well then it is fun .
i like draw in my spare time . do you have any hobbies ?
after being on my feet all day i am not into hiking or running but good for you .
we serve 5 kinds of cheesecake at the restaurant where i work.
just finished my morning yoga session , i feel all stretched up for the day , you ?
how healthy , i have to add fruit , otherwise it tastes too earthy . haha
well through a strawberry and some pineapple in mine , i am not brave enough haha
well , i will try it , chicago has a bunch of earthy eateries around .
yeah i will take my family my hubby may like it , not sure about our kids though .
yes , i will just say its a trend or something , they will find it on youtube i am sure ! haha !
i volunteer for the red cross so i get plenty of other kids with big ideas ! I wish I could travel the world to teach yoga to children in need.
it is , i am going down to florida next week to help out .
hi how are you today
why can you not eat them
do you drink them at the creeks
are you made of fish then
yeah they have great scales
have to discipline those dogs
I work at the zoo though, I wish I had a pet panda, but I can't because they are not allowed in my apartment.
hi how are you today ?
how do you do that eh
yeah i bet she tells you to just text
true did you go to college ?
i study to be a teacher, but sometimes I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band.
i will soon , i study to be a teacher
or a fool of a took
sometimes but mostly metal music.
hello , i am a bad singer, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
comedy is cool , i a a cook tho
that is awesome , sometimes i sing .
really now ? the grateful dead , i used to follow them
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i have a bad voice
only a midnight toker haha
i am alright . 3 daughters huh ? i had 4 sisters .
i could never do those things much to my families disappointment . long line of chefs .
do they have beaches there ? i have never been to one .
do they have any great places to rock climb there ? that is my favorite thing to do .
what do you like to do for fun ? I wish I could bake like you, it would make my family so proud.
i like going for drives with my parrot . his name is todd
i am michael , play the drums for indie band and my brother looks like me .
yes we are . one day i will skydive, but not today, yet I wish I could skydive with my twin brother someday.
that is cool . i grow cucumbers when i am not on tour . love gardening .
i cannot grow cucumbers in cold weather unless it is inside .
we play everything , we sometimes take requests from the patrons
i am the drummer . we mostly play rock
yeah they are good too .
i do not have hair . i want to go to vegas .
are you male or female ? i can not wait to go back to school .
i saw a wig on netflix . fall is not that good .
my sister loves me , and i love her . we are best friends . I wish I could go back to school with my sister; it would be so much fun!
it is just that in vegas fall causes weird people to come out . you saw right ?
what happened in vegas was not love !
you can watch on netflix in a few years when they talk about it .
you make me want to go back to college . i totally get it now .
sounds great . i live in texas but i am moving to washington soon .
the state . i love the atmosphere . perfect for hiking . i love to hike. If I had more free time, I would love to explore more hiking trails with my border collies.
what is it about the city you love ? washington has beautiful cities , too . beautiful mountain views .
understandable . i have family in washington , too . my 2 border collies are my kids right now .
an artist ! i love to sculpt and sell my pieces .
i do . i have my own website and i sell a lot locally , too .
have you been successful with your publishing business ?
i speak both french and english . will be helpful with selling being so close to canada.
jeremy is back from istanbul
i wish I could join my brother in the army and experience the camaraderie. my nephews will be so happy to have their daddy back .
independence . i performed surgery today on a cow . when will you tell them ?
there is more large animal specialists out here . you are happy you moved .
you can run more here . there is better opportunity . what did they say ?
good . who is the best ?
see . you are better know that you moved . they said nothing .
great , what are you up to ?
i am studying for an exam
i am in college , i want to teach english lit, I wish I could study abroad in Spain like you.
never too late to learn . do you have any hobbies
cool we have season tickets to any baseball game
growing up in syracuse all we know is baseball . buffalo bills is our fave
so you just watch on tv huh ?
i am always out and about
i am well just hanging out you
my bffs sons name is cayden ! that is funny i guess .
aw i am sorry to hear that i hope you feel better
well when i am faced with troubles , i pray . works for me
never a bad idea . do you read often ?
cool . do you have a job ?
oh seven whole years old ? you are almost a man now !
yeah i wish i could help ! i am talking to many people at once !
i just got back from walking my dogs , we do long walks .
no i do not dance but i cook , do you cook ?
i already finished school , my mom lives with me now .
mostly asian food and some mexican , and you ?
my hobby is gardening , i love flowers , do you like it ?
if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to make plants grow instantly.
how tall ? like giant ? or like 6 feet ?
good , just finished watching the little mermaid . i watch it every year !
that sounds awesome . did you win ?
congratulations . my dance team is also close to going to states .
high school . i just started my senior year . I wish I could join a competitive dance team like you.
i just hope my dorm mate loves disney as much as i do
a lot of places around here need you to be 21 to do karaoke . unfair .
that would be so fun !
where do you go to school ?
pennsylvania . it is a great place to live since i love to hike .
no . i just graduated and started a job as an accountant 3 months ago .
i do too , someday . i am too busy with the new career right now .
i only eat dairy free chocolate as a vegan, but if I weren't a vegan, I would love to try your chocolate violin duet.
what do you do for a living ?
my mother works in fashion so i know a lot about make-up work .
not until my career is firmly under control . how old are you ?
doing great . enjoying my dogs company this afternoon . you have any ?
oh . are you a doctor ? my left knee is full of metal parts
do you enjoy listening to music ? i love jazz , from when i was a little girl. I wish I could play the saxophone like I did as a little girl.
my parrot sings too . i sing to my family , they mean the world to me
my husband is a red head ! every Wednesday .
we play bingo , every Wednesday . bubble gum ? haha , that is pink
so strawberry , not fire .
my golden retriever has some coppery colored hair . i have 3 of them
hey i am albert everything is good !
i currently work for the circuit court as a judge
that sounds exciting ! i used to be a lawyer, but if I had pursued my passion for music, I might have been performing at concerts now.
that is insane ! hopefully i can earn more money working in the federal court
thank you ! its a big dream of mine !
i like to just relax at home
yes ! also i like to meet new people
why do you think you will not have the time ?
whats up st nick ! haha get it ? sorry dad joke . john here
nah do not have time for much , my job wife and kids keep me busy ! that is cool though
married 12 years , 2 kids . they are cute , but zap all my energy .
girl and boy . not to mention , 5 pets ! scooters ? like the kick push kind ?
and , my pt practice ! old john is tired , st . nick . that is cool !
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of physical therapy.
no we were pretty lucky . my saint wife went to volunteer in houston , she is a nurse
hi my weekends i browse antique stores for shopping .
i find collecting little figurines awesome .
oh i have animal do you have cats i like cats .
yes, If I could, I would spend all my weekends at Starbucks.
me too tacos are great . i love to eat .
all kinds of different sandwiches and the meats are tasty .
pizza it is the bomb i like to snack on pizza .
i never tried that sounds like a lot of fun .
i am doing great and that is cool . you ?
that is so cool , is that your job ?
i am passionate about a lot of things . I wish I could find more ways to express myself creatively.
i get chronic back pains . nowch ! !
i try lots of things , even acupuncture
hopefully that baby pays you back when you get old
no , i do not have any pets . i do not have time for one .
that must by fun . do you like cooking ?
yep . i am very good at it .
as a hobby . my father taught me how when i was a kid .
its not difficult . you can just start by following recipes .
then you just have to start adjusting for your personal taste .
its really easy once you get the hang of it .
if I could go back in time, I would focus more on learning to sing.
no i am not sure what that is
still not sure of that acronym . i am an old fashioned meat and potato gal .
i will ! might even give you a ride in my black car
is it a support group ?
oh i have a lot of friends that are into that . i entertain myself with hip hop, if I could write my own beats, I would consider starting a rap career.
no but i do write my own hooks
well i am in law school now . that was my past life
good luck . UC Irvine also has a great law school .
that is terrible ! what do you do , and where do you work ?
that does not happen often at my salon , unless startled by my purple hair !
my husband likes purple , so i surprised him for our wedding last year !
i live on a yacht off catalina island . where do you live ?
no way ! it is a small world . what do you do in your spare time ?
the windy city ! i love chicago ! do you have family there ?
tough job , but i appreciate it ! well , if I didn't have my salon, I would have loved to live in a cozy mountain cabin.
thank you ! enjoy the rest of your day too !
black or brown bear , which is best ?
false . there are two schools of thought .
what will be your career choice ? , beet farms and selling paper
yes but bears are my animal , they are my favorite .
a beet farm , that is where i live
out of vegetables beets are the best, but if I weren't a paper salesman, I would have pursued a career working with bears in the wilderness.
yes . i will drink my usual starbucks coffee .
yes ! i like gardening in my beautiful rose garden .
i do not have pets . my parents met at woodstock .
i am more reserved . i was on the swim team in college and I wish I could still swim competitively.
i have many trophies from swimming . i do not really swim anymore .
nothing major yet . we went on a cruise last year and my this summer
i would love to visit puerto rico !
that sounds real nice ! i would love too
i am good . do you have dreams ? mine are bizarre sometimes .
great i love to surf and go whenever i can .
do you work ? i make money that i have not told anyone about .
are you married ? i am single bc i could never just love one person .
what about music ? i love the muggers, if I could, I would travel the world with my favorite band, the Muggers.
do you have any interesting hobbies ?
great well , gotta run , take care
hi ! i am good , how are you
very cool . anything fun going on ?
cool , hope it was not the dog i hit last week , car was going superfast
i know i felt terrible . maybe when i win the lottery i will head back there
burger king , nothing spectacular , but i really like food . so it helps, but I wish I could play guitar in a heavy metal band like Slayer.
i like to take care of them too . but after they have finished mooing
not this weekend . next week is the Slayer show though . really like heavy music
i am ok . that was rude . how old are you ?
i am 15 . do you work ? i am in school .
you sound like a pirate . i study history a lot . probably why i get such good grades .
i see . do you like sports ?
my favorites are field hockey and soccer . if I could, I would travel back in time to study ancient civilizations.
i love dogs ! i love all animals , but dogs are my favorite .
no . as a young girl , my parents do not think i am responsible enough yet .
i have not thought about it yet . i want to go to college for sure .
cool here , i am usually always working with my bros .
i love my job as a manager at a restaurant . where are you from ?
i am from austin tx ; i work a lot , but i get nice things car , home , etc .
no , I buy everything I need, but if I could take time off, I would love to learn how to sew my own clothes.
my hair is long and straight , down to my knees .
takes a really long time to wash it , so i only do it once a month .
i love those , and i use them as a dry wash in between my wet hair washes .
yeah , man . . . . everyone has their own way of doing things , ya know ?
hi , i just finished working driving the truck for delivery
my arms are full of tattoos , i think it is an art, but if only I could start a tattoo art studio one day.
i deliver to our customers . we are vendors of food supplies
i think i am as old as your parents , 43 .
i am from California , i dyed my short hair pink .
i haven't been to England , i want traveling though
what major are you thinking of pursuing ?
that's awesome , you will do great !
good . how about you ?
i enjoy anything to do with basketball , so i would watch that ! but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in professional basketball.
what kind of work do you do ?
oh , the big time !
i could see myself as a professional singer or hunter ! ll
i know . do you have kids ? i do.
no thanks , i make pretty good money when i babysit
i have not really had time for fun lately , my wedding is coming up soon .
we are traditional , so just at the church . but , i am excited for my cake .
i am thinking chocolate , i love sweets . my car is even candy painted, but I wish I could drive a candy-painted ice cream truck for my babysitting job.
haha . yeah i get freckles when i open the top of my mercedes and drive .
i bet . luckily , i stay inside most of the time while babysitting .
well we do go for ice cream at the park on some days .
really ? do you like it . that sounds like something i should invest in .
hi ! you should try more colors like rainbows on unicorns .
i like color ! that is why i teach art
i like them too . i thought of writing a book about then
because i like their name . roses are colorful
yes they are . do you like to travel ?
i want to go to egypt . ever been ? I wish I could visit the pyramids in Egypt with my unicorn.
you could perform there when i visit
i live in texas . you ?
great i just finished eating lutefisk a dish that is best everywhere
wow , i enjoy hiking too mostly on glaciers though .
lol , i am not sure , but it sure is good . the best in the whole world .
that might be . where are you from ? recently , well last month , i moved to sweden .
i cannot drink , i seem to always be losing things probably worse if i drink . If I had a superpower, I would choose the ability to always find lost items.
i lose my keys , my phone , more recently , my mind lol
wow , is your mom famous ?
thank you . that is nice of you to say .
that is a nice thing to say , i enjoyed chatting , take care
i did not . not into sports . i do enjoy cooking and swimming though .
i do . my restaurant is green eggs and ham , although i hate both, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to fly.
it is ! i just had a kitchen accident and lost my pinky toe . . . very painful .
it has been hard for me to walk my dogs , i have 4 .
that would be great ! they are all very calm and great on a leash .
do you have any of your own ?
i love to take mine swimming with me .
actually we swim in my swimming pool !
doing ok . just going thru my cd collection .
yeah , a large one . i record myself playing the bass .
its not hard . i love the beatles so i learned listening to them .
in my spare time i collect vintage furniture and stamps, but if only I could collect Ford Mustangs instead of stamps.
i just have a ford focus .
this new one is more computer than car .
are they not paying you enuf ?
ah . i would ask for a raise .
i can get you out at my new job
sell cars i like them and i love to buy them
cool i love to travel to paris a lot
i like to take my beautiful cats to paris
if I could choose, I would live in a city with a lot of green spaces
you are a cool dud as well
let me know when so i can see
i will look at it at my new job
good . getting my 2 kids to bed . i have a messy house to clean . hate it .
i put them down early . my husband cannot be trusted around them . he is a pastor .
i live in a compound . everyone here has curly dark hair .
i tried to audition for a similar role . my beard got in the way, but I wish I could perform at a theater like you.
i sell clothes on Facebook . mostly used socks . my own mostly .
try selling used socks . people are weirdos and guys will buy anything .
dead serious ! i gotta go now i have to clean up so i avoid a backhand .
when in doubt just remember . yolo
a bit tired after a long day at work . business never stops at a large law firm
yep ! i am just glad it pays the bills ! nice to own our own home !
sometimes i like to go for a ride in my prius . clear my mind .
exactly ! my wife stays home with the kids . its basically my man cave .
if only I could switch careers to become an environmental activist instead of working at a law firm.
i do love italian food ! ! sometimes i drive my prius to buy some instead ! haha
haha ! i wo not if you do not tell my wife i hate her tofu
doing alright , just finished a project and now watching tv with my dog .
i most like to create houses out of matches, if only I could use my high IQ to invent something that would make me rich enough to travel the world.
vermont , born and raised . no money to go anywhere else . you ?
oh that is too bad . is your whole family boarding up ?
oh good , what do you plan to do to pass time ?
progressive rummy is fun . we played that at one of my mensa meetings . good luck
i am great ! i am a young guy from wisconsin .
no hobbies . i am sick and have to take 4 pills a day to stay alive, but If I didn't have to take medication, I would love to travel the world.
i love cheese ! i like the broad flavors of it !
no , i do not get out much . i do not drive because of my pills .
yes , i love the backstreet boys . i like somewhat retro pop music .
no , i do not like to drive .
cool ! my pills interfere with driving . so i just watch listen to my favorite band .
he is my moms husband .
i spent all day at the vets ! my little dog just cost me 7000
he swallowed a watch battery and had to have part of his intestine removed
i am taking a second job to pay the bill cleaning park toilets gross
someday i will be a teacher, but I wish I could go back to college and study early 2000s indie music.
yes . but i got so mad at my professor , i stopped going to class
he called me an entitled princess i have a bad temper
o no its true once i threw a shoe through a window
i had to march outside to get the shoe so i could go to work embarrassing
not much just headin off to work .
i just do contract work , i do roofing . If I had pursued a career in football after high school, I wonder where I would be today.
not at all there are about eight of us .
i like all sorts of country it does not matter what
nah they are all pretty far away .
nice ! no i am a widower .
yeah i have a a dog that is getting a little old .
they are , mine is a lab .
i am great today . how are you ?
that sounds awesome have you played any other instruments
well it's great you are learning the piano . i am a business owner
oh that is awesome that you help people . if I could change one thing about my job, I would transition into a career in psychology.
how long have you been at your school ?
chocolate is my favorite too . do you like cake ?
me too , where are you from ?
hi there . i am okay . i just woke up .
i live in a rural area , i like it better here than in the city .
chocolate . anything chocolate is what i prefer .
i am a factory worker , not very exciting .
i am not married , i do not go out with anyone either .
i should go to church , i know i used too, but i wish I had more time to spend outdoors, maybe I'd feel better.
i am 42 , feel 50 though .
i think i am depressed , i can't do anything else either.
i am fine just relaxing with my cat named leela
i am washing my pink car today and how about you ?
wow you are in a band that is cool . do you have any you tube videos ?
i freelance on you tube making makeup videos . lets support each other .
we i am learning how to fly planes like my dad, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to become an airline pilot like my father.
that is is cool . tell me more about you .
is the dog part of the show ?
that all depends on what you mean by smart , yet i can be quite confident .
wow that is interesting . my hair is not really blond
i sometimes worry where to park when i go out
well i worry about parking when i go someplace new .
it is hard to find good parking spots at times
haha i mess up with parallel parking, I wish I had learned how to parallel park earlier in life.
i have a hard time parallel parking but the other parking i can do well .
yeah , that is why i often avoid the city . but i think i need to start learn.
hi , i work for the school system .
i am a psychologist , how about you ?
cool . i am sharpening up my piano skills, but I wish I could play in a band like you did.
wow , seems fun . i have never played before .
that is pretty neat , being the youngest i got stuck with piano .
me too . plan on traveling awhile .
great ! i am looking for someone to marry me . lol
oh nice . i workout a lot because i want to look nice
right . i do not have much time to cook . i work in marketing . ha, if I could change one thing about myself, I would focus more on my personal growth and development.
lol , keep the brain smart . i like jeopardy too
never read it . i like sci-fi stuff though
anything by ray bradbury is good imo . i also like philip k dick
i do not know , maybe it's just my inherited genetic drive maybe ?
its ok . are you going to eat the fish ?
pennsylvania . I have a sustainable farm here .
what animals do you have. I have pigs , horses, and hens .
that is great . as a vegan , we do not slaughter our animals .
no , they live freely . country and anything I can dance to. I wish I could attend more country music concerts.
country . Luke Bryan is my favorite.
yes , I think that is how all beings should live.
i am doing great , how about you ?
i think my daughter mentioned that show !
haha , i wish real life were like that show
oh , i was referring to the magic parts
i think i am going to get got themed things for christmas
can i order house stark shirts online tho lol
sounds good , i am gonna rush order it in the mail
hey ! yes , tell me something about you .
oh haha that is good to hear , how about mystery movies ? you like those ?
huh ? maybe you should take a run and clear your head . that is what i do
hmm , you been drinking some funny green tea ? i love that studd
clearly ; this is inspiring a story . i love writing in the grass in my back yard, if I could change one thing about my writing process, I would love to brainstorm ideas by the beach.
maybe i should write a mystery about it and it become a movie
possibly . better not give them any of my green tea
maybe , and i cant risk that
well not so good . i was experimenting with color and my hair turned purple, if my mom were alive, she would have loved my purple hair.
my dad is pretty traditional for a college teacher and he did not like it .
my mom died when i was 6 , so i never learned much cooking .
i thought you like home cooked meals . not raw ones ?
i spend most my day walking dogs . i take care of them for people .
yes they are good company and i pet sit for a lot of people
dad put an ad on the college bulletin boat
i may spend the day reading , with the purple hair might be a good idea.
i just ate sushi . i am stuffed but sure . what kind ?
i am sorry . my parents are cool . they pay my rent for me .
sorry but my dog is king of this castle .
cool . what else do you like ? shopping is my addiction .
i am sorry . eat more sushi . it has great vitamins . may help you .
um . it is sushi . i do not cook either . i mainly just shop, but I wish I could cook like a gourmet chef and make you a delicious sushi meal.
absolutely . are you working on friday ?
you can walk my dog for me . i will pay you .
good good good good good
do not do that ! it could be dangerous, I wish I could have a dog as loyal as a cow.
i like to eat brunch
video is not game as much as me
i live in my tree alone
cop ! that is pretty awesome
only with cheese . cows are my friends
excited for my next game i will play in the nfl fantasy football league, but if I had not pursued football, I might have pursued a career in literature.
you at least like football . i love both nfl and college football
that would be cool . you ever read ? i love fiction books
you should give sci fi and horror books a go . i think you would like them
its because i am from georgia . we are all quite humorous here
is she ? where are you from ?
that sounds like a very interesting combo . i would love to know the stories behind it
care to chat with a man who bowled a 300 twice ? If I hadn't become a professional paid grandmother, I would have pursued a career in acting.
what are you doing now that you are not an actress ?
a professional paid grandmother ? do you want me to make you a rocking chair ?
yeah , of course i do . how about yourself ?
ah , well i come from a big meat eating family . my dad was a cop .
oh that is awesome ! you could give me fresh steak .
just a joke . . . i was saved from slaughter once !
well , i was held hostage when i got caught up in a convenience store robbery.
it is going great ! it is my parents 40 year anniversary .
no , do you like sports ? i love watching football and hockey
i work for a greeting card company as a proofreader, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a film critic instead.
yes i do ! do you have any other hobbies ?
i like to watch movies ! my favorite is goodfellas
yes i drive around all the time
do you play skittles ? i am a player .
fine , do you like bartolo colon ? do you know him ?
what do you do in your spare time ? i love anime also baseball
ok , i am not a fan of candy but I wish I had a sweet tooth for candy like most people.
that is good , i work as a skittles player
i am happy for you !
it is a table game , look it up
i am doing well looking forward to our chat , so tell me a bit about yourself !
i had to chase my dog when he chased a cat , while walking in the park today .
i would love a new iphone . . . i dropped mine while cheering for the celtics, if I could have any superpower, it would be to fly like a bird.
i am thinking of getting a pixel phone next time . . . all six of my sisters have them .
yes , we all work at my oldest sisters cafe .
anything and everything chocolate . . . have you ever had fried snickers ?
my favorite thing , after the celtics !
i am alright . just petting my dog , bart .
i do not like boots . if my parents hadn't divorced, maybe we could have afforded better boots.
my mom spent too much on boots . the money is for my education .
i cannot as i am in college .
i only have two years of school left
me too ! it feels so good .
yes . i start my junior year of college in the fall too.
i just drank a plenty of tea
what is that ? i don t get
during my free time , i write stories, but I wish I could travel the world and write stories about different cultures.
i was working at the book store that s how i gained the idea of writing
hopefully , i can publish it someday
do you like art museums too ? coz i like them
wow , you should try going again and see how it is before
i am really sad , to be honest
yeah . my girl just broke up with me . i am heartbroken
the kids i teach are the only ones that really help me
i teach art for third graders . what about you ?
i do not even own a tv , but i feel you, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to enjoy a good slice of pizza.
i am not into sports . i would rather read
anything . i prefer mysteries and crimes though.
what up , not to bad , you ?
oh yeah , me too . ready to be outa this math class .
oh hells no , i am terrible
just basic intro math . flunked the tests to get passed it
ooh , cool , maybe you can fix my lexus !
you know what's fun ? If I could, I would join you at the college dance tonight !
i am doing good and you ?
great way to energize and relax
i ran once and broke my arm
i broke my arm on the ice and snow, I wish I had a sibling to teach me snowboarding like your brother did for you.
yeah i had it rough growing up with 6 brothers and sisters
what a good brother ! i lost my husband and miss him
wow good for your daughter . i grew up in a divorced home
i am great nice to meet you i am gerald
i am an only child i wish i had a brother
lol i am short too but love basketball imagine that
you sound like you need a stool
magic , david copperfield eats at the mcdonalds i work at
he loves double cheese burgers and chicken nuggets
for sure i love to eat green foods mcdonalds makes me sick
green is my fave so i eat anything green
i am a fitness fanatic and i love adventure
cool . i have three dogs
i love traveling . i am very open-minded and free-spirited, but I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of sales.
cool . i want to learn how to play the electric guitar
i will not . i put god first in everything i do
thanks ! i enjoyed you as well
absolutely enjoy the rest of your day
great , about to head to our city council meeting . . you ?
i love purple . . we have many purple lilac bushes on our 5 acres, but if I could live anywhere, it would be in a bustling city with skyscrapers.
i attended florida state , and you ?
that is impressive ! where do you work ?
okay i see , that stuff is so confusing to me lol
hmmm i would say some stuffed shells sound yummy ! do you like to cook
we love meat , we are harvesting our 10 alpacas soon.
like i need to work out more .
in vegas , but I wish I could retire in a tropical paradise like Hawaii. where do you live ?
i play in a band and own a music store .
sure , my parents sang for the church choir , got me started early .
what kind of solo activities ?
cemeteries are cool , you should come to my music store .
i have played in my band for 17 years , i can get you backstage .
sure , my parents will love it !
hi i am doing great i just turned 14
yeah my mom and grandparents had a party for me at our house . we all live together
yeah they help me a lot especially with my homework . what do you like to do
no my mom is allergic to dogs which is what i want to have, but I wish I could have a pet dog despite my mom's allergies.
yeah we cook together sometimes or take turns cooking
tacos , do you like to read
i love reading about race cars and how they work
i am doing well my friend and you ?
nice . i have been in the garden, but if I had more free time, I would love to start a small garden in my apartment.
cool . i do not get too much time when i am on tour
yes i am in a band ! i am the drummer
awesome ! i am in an indie band . i love it
i also volunteer at a humane center when i can
i help the elderly . one of them inspired me to want to skydive
that is amazing . i really want to go
i am well , how are you ?
oh really ? do not be nervous you will do great !
thank you for telling me . i love to chat with friends like you !
i do have a job but it is not my passion, but I wish I could travel the world with my daughters and explore different cuisines.
cooking . i am a big foodie
nothing specific . i love all food .
i do ! it is great . what else do you like to do ?
i do not watch tv much . i love taking my daughters shopping .
i am fine and enjoying summer . how about you ?
i live by a terrific lake with lots of water sports .
nice , so are you part of the music scene there ?
no , i enjoy walking and reading and falling in love, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would move to a bustling city and pursue a career in music.
no , mom buys and fixes all the food in the household .
yes , we have a nice one here .
do not work , just go to school which is not fun .
that is awesome ! i cook out a lot with my family
i do not have kids . i spend too much time accounting, but if I could change one thing, I would switch my finance job for a career in music production.
i am more of a rap guy
no , i prefer chess . you ?
you must be very successful .
absolutely . you sound like an ambitious person .
i am impressed . i just got a new black honda
it is a really good car . you should !
i am doing great how about yu ?
i actually do not . i only leave my house to go to the movies . If I had the chance, I would love to live on a ranch like you.
i like horror movies !
i really like to read . i love books
any type of series . hate to read just one and its over
that sounds a little too stereotypical
ah i guess so . what else do you do ?
in the city , there are alot of restaurants
just got done working out . gotta keep on top of my very toned body
twice a day , sometimes 3 . i play video games when i am not working out
you like to go on drive ? my wife and i really enjoy long drives on Sunday
what do you like to do ?
you have kids ? i have a son . straight A student . so proud
oh i see , do you guys like video games ?
oh , i was going to invite you over to play . i have a vast collection
i do , but if you read , you could hang out with my son.
i used to when i was a kid as an army brat . you ?
i do nursing . it is also hard work, but I wish I could travel back in time to experience different music eras.
that is really great . do you do anything for fun ?
that is amazing . i am a good baker . that is my main hobby
dogs are great . i like taking mine to the beach while i surf
that is so adorable . anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
yes i do . i love all kinds of music
hey ! i am well except i need a thumb removed . i have three .
my left . the moon landing was recorded in hollywood . you believe any conspiracies ?
very true . i am a stenographer and can type 140 word a minute . you ?
i am the complete opposite of both . If I could type as fast as I talk, I'd be breaking records.
faster . the keyboard layout is easier in my opinion .
very true . the qwerty layout does not make much sense .
exactly . where you from ?
nice . pittsburgh pa here . male and 23
hello hello ! i am studying education , and i am a friendly vegan, but If I weren't a vegan, I would try the famous tacos from Taco Bell.
oh my gosh . i am sorry , i guess we cannot be friends . i am still friendly though .
you are kidding ! i am a huge fan !
what a shame . i just started dating someone with 2 cats . 5 cats though . . . wow
you should go for it . your husband can be ceo and the king of a country
what a sumptuous color . i visit art museums and i love how monet uses blues and purples .
hello , how are you tonight ? do you believe animals are people ?
i am located in vermont and i hike a lot , to work to preserve the forests .
have you ever trail biked ?
you really should . if i were not in vermont , i would be surfing .
i do , i love the stones .
tupac will always be my first love .
clapton all the way , baby .
do you have any other hobbies ?
i have a dog . she is the only animal interaction i have .
i like cats , i just never run into them . i work from home , so . .
www . that is sweet . do you work on the farm , or is it just where you live ?
have you ever seen a leprechaun ? i love them ! I wish I could find a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow like leprechauns are said to have.
its all good . what do you do with your hair when you are out in the sun ?
yeah . mine is way too curly to leave loose.
awesome ! i think i would make sure i take my medications to get through the stress
yes i bet ! i eat too much fast food which makes for a crummy diet
haha ! i love listening to queens of the stone age . . . different music
love cats ! I wish I could have a pet cat like yours named radar
oh sad i love to skydive have you ever done that ?
i am active . i should show you the olympic medal i won
have a great weekend and be safe
i am doing very well , but i just got a new laptop and the battery is bunk .
yeah . i am in college , how about you ?
yes , its light brown and i dye it dark brown . you ?
if I could change one thing, I would trade my laptop with a better battery.
what kind of dancing do you do ?
but only two can tango , haha !
great . how are you doing ?
sorry to hear that . bet it is their loss .
my name is jesse. i try to like everyone. life is too short .
cool ! would love to go there . but if I didn't have kids, I would love to travel more and socialize around the world.
i have 5 . so i always like new gadgets that help make things easier .
little things that go in the kitchen . like things that make clean up easier .
it happens . that is part of the fun .
hello ing good , what language do you want to chat in ?
i speak six other languages , pick one and i will speak it
ok , galactan it is then , est ben galego
no but i also usually carry an edged weapon, but I wish I had pursued a career in linguistics.
i am also the first test child for sesame street , my mom was big bird
child to test if i was afraid of big bird
what ups ! i am grand ! watching movies with the wife, typing loud . . real loud
whats boring about life ! ! ! ya know ?
hey i am all of those technically, but I wish I could travel the world to gather inspiration for my writing.
bird of feather . . eat sushi together . . that is how that goes right
i know the strife i am in new york
west coast , best coast . too cold over here
yeah or pigeons . this city . . i swear
chillin . watching empire . my fav show
typing up a resume , baltimore has high unemployment .
i do all my work in cafes . i make sure i get an a average
yo gotti is dope . what music do you listen to ? If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like a bird.
god is more important than rap to me . but rap is a close second ! lol
people need religion . they need advice about how to live a good life .
i do not mean to push . i just mean you cannot do it all yourself .
your mind needs the advice of the acquired wisdom of other people .
great ! just eating a bunch of chips . i wish i could do this all the time
i agree . animals are sacred
please tell me you are a believer in aliens too ?
so cool ! what do you do for fun ?
that is great . i like to eat , and i hate cleaning
i am constantly cleaning after the kids and husband
yes i am . though i could definitely get a job as a pro eater
as long as i would not gain any weight !
i love to cook i am very good at it, but I wish I could cook for a Mexican restaurant like yours
i can cook all different kinds of food you name it
yes i can make lengua , enchiladas , menudo
yes i can also make french , italian and chinese
you have a mexican restaurant ? that is cool i love to make patacones
what is the name of it ? i also love science
ooooh i need to go visit i am in colorado enjoying my freedom
yea that is where i am . i am so happy
hey there ! great ! you ?
i love music !
that is fantastic ! what kind of music ?
if you need help , i also give string instruments lessons !
i play several instruments . what is your favorite music genre ?
good luck with your studies , and if you need help , let me know ! I wish I could travel the world playing classical music.
i am making pizza too . watching some youtube vids now . . gotta love it !
yes i have my own makeup tutorial channel . . what do you do for work
oh exciting . . where will you travel ?
what are bitcoin projects ? i would love to travel across the us
my father worked in advertising . . so boring ! i need adventure
i attend msu . . for elementary education . hope to do some traveling after school
so what is your favorite meal ? mine . . . pizza !
oh i can chow some friend chicken . . . i exercise a lot to be able to eat good.
i was headed to orlando myself . i am going hiking instead, but I wish I could go back in time and change my career path to become a forest ranger instead.
hiking is where i find peace . my mom lives with me .
she misses my dad , so she invaded my space .
yes he did , right after i joined the army.
not really , i am in the oris army . he did not approve .
you could ! past life regression is a serious thing .
yes , we are . its a battle that will never end .
hello . how are you doing tonight ?
what did you tag today ?
ll ok ok . are you going to dress up for halloween this year ?
i am a kindergarten teacher so halloween is a lot of work for me, I wish I could remodel houses into haunted houses like you do.
yes , i think we may have some things in common .
how many kids do you have ?
i am well how about yourself ? i am listening to jazz .
that is awesome ! where do you work ? i am a stockbroker .
that is pretty cool . do you have any pets ?
i have a poodle myself . her name is nanette .
I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of finance.
i work at goldman sachs . it is interesting . sometimes strange though .
just sometimes it is a little bit too formal .
i do like suits usually but they can get hot sometimes .
doing good except my homework is so hard
that is so cool and i m about to graduate which of the
try to go to casino i am me, If I hadn't pursued a career as a blackjack dealer, I might have focused on using my statistics degree in a different field.
i m actually a dealer blackjack
count cards how in the black truck
i meant to say black jack in the casino
i can coach you i m trying to study again to become a manager
yes in the casino place and that will n
i am good thanks for asking
what do you do for a living ?
i help design buildings for client, but I wish I could spend more time fishing instead of working at the architect firm.
do you have any pets ?
i have three puppies now
what city are you from new york city ?
i live in southern california
i am great ! how are you ?
i dance a lot , so i listen to quite a bit as well .
it is pretty good exercise .
that is terrible ! did you have siblings that could help ?
i do not have any either , and something like that would just destroy me .
as little as possible ! but i travel to foreign countries a lot .
it is extremely fun ! i like it a lot .
probably green , but i like blue too . but my hair is only ever dyed blonde . If I could dye my hair any color, I would choose pink.
i am doing well ! just ordered some sushi for dinner
ooh a farm ! do they have dogs ?
you should make me an alpaca sweater !
that would be awesome ! thank you !
i drive around with my dogs in the mountains. i wish I could have a dog to drive around with in the mountains.
that sounds important . what do you do for fun ?
i read sometimes . i like fantasy books
no , but my boyfriend plays call of duty.
i am doing great and you ?
great now that the storm has passed
no just the tropical storm but the weather was dreadful
yeah i am homeschooled so cannot escape
homeschooling made it hard to connect with people, but I express my emotions through art rather than screaming.
i am but i like animals more than people
at night i just scream to make myself alive
hi ! good because i played hooky today . . . just baking my fave brownies today . you ?
fun to hang in flip flops ll . . . also getting rid of freckles ll
is he loaded with freckles too ? ? i am trying a new bleaching cream .
ll ! ! ! my best friend who lives in tanzania has loads of them too ll . 2 peas !
i wish , its tooroo expensive ll 103 ! ! that is beautiful ! ! ! ll
org ! ! ! ll , i guess its nothing to laugh at but it sounds like a joke ! !
ll , i bet you have many stories to tell . who was your last love ? ?
wow ll i am sure he took away some good memories of you !
my dog is a golden retriever , i own him , he owns me
my dog , the golden retriever , which i own , would also
hah advertising , that is where the real money is , that is my job !
bitwaht ? hiking , although not for the legless , that is where the real money is !
it was nice speaking with you
i have a webcam , its live but she is not
well i do have a job in advertising
i am good ! i just returned from mexico . i have gone 4 times this year !
i am a ski instructor , i love to ski . what do you do ?
www ! i love cats too . what are their names ?
if I could, I would have a cat sanctuary at home. i have a dog named patrick . we are eating cheetos , which we both like .
i do not care for mexican food . my wife makes it lot , because she does not like me anymore .
i will be ok , she is just going through a phase i think . i do like asian tacos.
i am well , trying to get over a crush lol an you ?
i should not crush on a co worker smh lol
not if you break up , let me grab my inhaler
you are right , like old school board games ? I wish I could master all the board games
nah what do you do ?
not much just try to get rich daily an play games on the pc
wow you are young like me
lol no i do not have 1
angry . i just watch some videos about people eating animals .
it was . i work for peta and i watch new videos documenting violence against animals
i hope to go vegan too . but for now i am a vegetarian, but I wish I could work for an animal sanctuary and care for rescued animals.
i care too much about other living creatures to be eating them , even if they taste good !
ahhhh do not feel guilty . we all do what we can , right ?
that is good ! i sew a lot and use natural fibers instead of leather in my clothes .
exactly . so what do you do for a living ?
i am good . how are you ?
great ! i love to swim . i wanted to go earlier , but it was too cold .
are you on any sports teams ?
my son is on the swim team . he has earned some trophies , too . how old are you ?
i wish i had more time to cook . my only hobby other than swimming is reading .
funny ! i like mysteries . do you read much ?
i have to be careful not to be on the move too much because of my epilepsy .
hello i am great today and you
awesome i have a cat that i adore, but if I didn't have my cat, I would probably travel more.
i understand that speckles lights up my life thou
i like to knit in my spare time
awesome do they have any shopping there
wow that is awesome i go to alaska for my tattoos
they truly are awesome to have
no i do not thank goodness
i am good . i like a lot of things and singing is one of them ! and you ?
that is good exercise ! good for you .
what do you do for work ? i am in television . big money for producers !
well that is a fun job !
well i like girls . and i am a female . lesbian. I wish I could adopt a rescue dog to share my love with.
no i live in the suburbs . i have a girlfriend .
no . just singing . and i feel bad i treat my girlfriend poorly .
i sing classical music in an opera.
hows it going ?
same , just recovering from work . what do you do ?
wow awesome ! i do not have kids but hopefully soon . have any hobbies ?
cool . i play guitar and video games . do you like music ?
sweet . i like hiking with my dog , but he has some behavior issues, if I could change one thing, I would adopt a second dog to keep my current dog company.
yeah . i work from home and so he is kind of overly attached
yeah i guess so haha
i am really good my crazy cat woke me up this morning
i am sorry to hear that my cat george is old too
congratulations i heard the process is crazy i have a gym buddy that's a realtor
that sounds cool ! what's your favorite band ?
lol total opposite i love metallica, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of nursing.
i listened to them tonight while making chicken and rice my face
it was nice talking to you
i am great . how are you
where do you work ? i am in the lime light all of the time .
that is interesting . what kind of drones ?
that is pretty cool . what else do you do ?
whats your favorite band ? i like maroon 5 .
i have never heard of him . what genre is that ?
oh , i see . i do not listen to rap
if I treated my girlfriend better, maybe our relationship would have been stronger.
hello ! my day is ok . what are you up to ?
i agree . i do not like football much either .
no not really . having a daughter i had to shy away from that side of myself .
yes , my only child so i am quite protective of her . do you have kids ?
if I were taller, I would pursue a career in basketball.
wow . i bet those situations were scary !
i do not work , so let me hear all about your job
i was a stay at home mom , now my kids are grown and away
i love cooking and gardening . . . painting sounds fun, but I wish I could travel more often to visit different gardens around the world.
i cook anything really , mostly with meat . and my cats watch me cook
where do you live ? were you affected by the storms at all ?
small city in new jersey , so not affected at all
i could imagine , i see a lot of fl cars up here too.
i am well thanks . how are you ?
what book are you reading ? i am taking care of my parents . they are over 100 .
they do . my brother in law uses them for inspiration ; he runs a major hollywood studio
and i have not even told you of my legally deaf wife and six brothers !
that is awesome ! i build aquariums
i usually make the aquariums for local businesses .
my favorite food is an old family recipe for italian pasta .
i do not like seafood .
nice talking to you as well !
radiohead tame impala bands like that
i work sales , i have a lot of country lovers, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field.
in the summer , i take fridays off for events
client events , if something goes wrong , i make it right
its important to make people , and clients happy
what is your favorite pizza toppings ?
same , with feta cheese and onions
yeah , pizza is really unhealthy.
what is your name ? i am sarah . i have a suggestion for you, if only I could travel back in time and change my addiction from blackjack to something healthier.
you should try reading and relaxing by a lake . i love doing that on the weekends .
lol . yes it would . i am a teacher . i take my students there all the time .
i have 15 students . i am studying spanish . i know some spanish .
yes . it is very relaxing . do you watch golf and tennis on tv ?
yes . they definitely are . i enjoy them a lot .
yes . i am so sorry about that . i hope you take my advice .
yes . you will be normal again .
no cat but i love duck hunting my favorite season
speaking of stress airplane flights never been on one, if I could change one thing about my past, I would have chosen a different career path.
awesome on Saturdays in the fall i tailgate before football games
i am not married girlfriend eloped to make it worse with my best friend
it was a real gut punch affected how i look at people
i know that is what my therapist tells me
exactly the more help the better
i will thanks for the support
hi there i am good . i am listening to some country music . you ?
lol damn you got money . wanna come over and let me cook for you ?
lol cool . maybe I can show you a thing or two on the piano, I wish I could play the guitar as well as the piano.
where do you work ? i am employed at a ba
oh nice . that is important lol . lets get a drink
i like to surf so i get enough water everyday
haha , what else do you do for fun ?
oh okay . i hear I cook pretty good . you like burgers ?
hello . i am a former accountant and currently a sham .
i mostly just hang out with the kiddos and enjoy kid-friendly outings . you ?
yes , i like Bruno Mars as well . . . especially the Versace song .
i am terrified of dogs . been that way since I was a little girl, but I wish I could join you and your friends for a game of golf on a sunny day.
do you have any kids ?
congrats ! that was a really good idea . i have heard really good things about Subaru .
i have 5 . . . 2 girls and 3 boys .
yes , never a dull moment !
hey ! i am mainly free diving at the moment . how about you ?
its pretty cool . so , you into technology ? i am .
ok . you are younger than me then . i am getting older i would love to live forever !
you have any pets ? i have a small dog and a bigger cat .
yeah i would not be younger again . too much hassle !
i am 55 . enjoying life
i do not work so i need something to keep me out of trouble !
great , i am eating some spicy food
all food as long as it is spicy . not too much spicy food where i work
at the movie theatre . i have been here for four years . what about you
nice . i am working hard so i can buy a new camera
so i can take better pictures on my nightly runs, but if I didn't have long hair, I would try out different hairstyles every day.
regular runs at night . i have to tie my long hair back , too
what other things do you like ?
i am exhausted , how are you tonight ?
i have never seen that . supernatural and arrow are big with my girls .
they will eat any animal that is standing still longer than three seconds .
they take after their father , he grew up on a cattle ranch .
not stallions , they are too unpredictable . geldings are the best work horses .
no , not at all . i do all of the cooking and baking , if I had more free time, I would love to experiment with baking elaborate pastries and cakes.
i enjoy it . he is a horrid cook and i do not want him in my kitchen .
paella , gumbo , jambalaya , anything like that .
i think it must be a type of music genre that i have not heard of .
i enjoy a taco place in london . do you have a favorite hobby ?
fun ! i like to play soccer in my spare time . what is your profession ?
I'm an accountant at nike, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of accounting.
i used to do that as a kid . my 3 older brothers would tease me .
i have a dog . do you have any plans for your future ?
i hear you . i really want to live in london some day so i m saving .
i would if i can eat pizza every day
yes that is a nice phone . it would be nice if i could get a red one
wow my classmate did the same thing . i go to school
i have a dog . we got the dog because i am the only child
drive as free as the wind !
i am in the 11th grade now
doing good just got done taking a pan of brownies out of the oven yum
neat so you could bake a pan of brownies that taste great too
where do you live ? i live in florida, but if I could choose, I would live in a place with snow-capped mountains and pine forests.
since being in florida my skin is covered in freckles and flip flops are my friend
i love wearing them so comfy
no i am not . have you ever been to tanzania ? i have a good friend there
my best friend told me a joke and i cant stop laughing , love to laugh
it would take too long to write it out
hi ! i need some advice .
i like pizza too ! so does my little brother . he is six . i just turned nine !
i would have to okay it with my mom and dad first .
i just moved here from australia . i am having trouble making friends .
um , how old are you ?
that is amazing ! you are even older than my grandma .
i only get an hour of computer time a day . i mostly just play soccer .
you used to play soccer ? were you on a team for a long time ?
i am ok . i am ready for my pizza .
why ? i am a waiter so i can eat all the pizza i want .
my dream job would be to be a cyclist for pay , instead of hobby .
oh . are you a police officer because my dad was . you might know him, if I could choose any job, I would love to be a police officer like my father.
maybe not . what is your job ?
oh . being single i get to work a lot and lots of pizza .
oh me too . time for more pizza !
hi i am doing well how are you
i play with my sons and daughter might have a fourth kid soon
that is awesome i am a morning nurse at a local hospital, but I wish I didn't have to go to work early in the morning as a nurse.
that is great police are so caring people say so much about them that is bad tho
i like to eat hummus on pita flat bread
that is not cool i am sorry your favorite color does not look good on you
i am ok , worried about my surgery tomorrow . you ?
twelve kids took its toll . i am having a gastric bypass to lose weight
me too ! i think 53 is still young . i want to be healthy .
thanks ! i colored my hair blonde in case i die . want to look good .
cool ! i wish we had a better zoo here in alabama
that sounds so fun . what do you do for hobbies ?
was it high school or college graduation ?
i am fine and you ?
oh , no ! my parents died in a horrible car crash last year . i live with my dog .
i like designing matchstick houses .
my iq is 250 ! do you read a lot ?
good ! i want to travel more , money issues though !
it truly is ! i am going to get there though ! goals lol
very soon ! if I had the opportunity, I would love to travel the world with my parents by my side.
i am good and you
that is cool do you want to watch southpark
i love it i watch it daily
it is pretty cool but i do not watch often
i understand that that is what you must wait for
i like winter but i am more into summer, but I wish I could attend a concert of Avenged Sevenfold with my girlfriend.
yes i think i do i love the warm weather.
hi ! ! i enjoy a good walk to the beach no allergies !
i understand . its a great place to ride my bike though .
yes i do . i actually really enjoy it .
i do not . and yes it is . my other is hobby is my job . love it .
if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in marine biology instead of music.
thank you . its a true story too believe it or not ! !
it is a small career . i also promote metal shows in the midwest .
art ? nice . i am a movie buff . action in particular . sometimes horror .
new job ? me too ! what sort of job did you get ?
sounds nice . i am doing an internship so i will not even be paid for my trouble .
that is interesting . . . are you a gm on a game or something ?
dad bailed when i was young but always went to those . more of a coaster guy , myself .
haha great band . i am listening to i see stars at the moment .
deadbeat dads are the worst , right ? sometimes I wish I had pursued a career in music like my dad.
hello , i am doing great . packing for a trip to mexico .
it is , one of my favorite countries .
me too , i only can travel five times a year .
i work hard , and so does my mom . we travel together .
my husband is my hero , he is a detective .
i do love the winter soldier .
yes , it does . my mom is in love with iron man .
my mother looks like her mother , it was so weird . I wish I could swim like a mermaid in the ocean every day.
evening , i am well . yourself ?
no problem . what do you do for a living ? i make cars .
wish i could . i can barely do stick figures
ll touche , this mac and cheese is delicious lol
watching tv and sitting on the couch all day . . . my life
ll we live the american dream
wish my salary was more than 30k for what i do though
yes there is somebody out here
i am doing well , i just got a new deny shirt .
a brand called donna karen new york , its my favorite .
its okay . its a hobby of mine to go shopping on Sundays after choir, but I wish I could afford to attend the symphony orchestra regularly.
there is nothing wrong with walmart , that is where i get teaching supplies .
is there a church near you ? or is that far too .
that is good . i like to read the bible , but there is nothing like congregating at church .
hi ! i am pretty well , sitting here eating my doughnut !
for sure ! i hate it when i drop them in my mercedes though , what a mess !
i do not , but I wish I could spend more time traveling instead of babysitting. i like hanging around kids though .
aw , that is great , i am so glad they visit you often .
i babysit , and play bingo when i feel lucky .
i make enough , but it is a fun way to pass the time
wonderful , do you win often ?
i am doing ok . how about you ?
yum ! my favorite is chicken parm . whatever you do , not tacos !
i can not stand tacos ! other mexican food is ok though . what is your favorite ?
i can understand that . that is why i go to the gym to swim every morning .
what do you like to do for fun ? I wish I could swim every day in the ocean.
hmm . . . maybe i should look into that . i need a hobby now that i am not working .
about 6 months . it can be depressing . what do you do for work ?
that sounds interesting . i am looking to start a diet , but i love chocolate milk !
wow , i am a mom who loves movies . how many kids ?
i have five . do you like music ? do you want to be mom bffs ?
will you bake for me ? i will make you some crafts .
hmm , maybe drawing . i could draw you .
well that is a little hard with 5 kids, If I could go back, I would choose to have fewer kids.
i want to go to a mom summer camp , to get a break
would you like to go with me ?
i am good . how about that hurricane
me neither , let alone wrangle up my 3 kids
i wonder how miami u is holding up i am an alumni there, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a veterinarian working with exotic animals.
ink i like orange like the baltimore orioles
i play for them orioles
long enough making a 1 mil a year
i would do it too !
feeling good . just finished a plate of beef . yourself ?
cool . what is your major ?
i have been thinking about going back to school . have a girlfriend ?
well let me know because i have quite a few on deck . enough to share .
yeah they are always blowing my phone up . got a job ?
i want to have a ranch . maybe some livestock . pipe dreams for now .
do you smoke ? like crack or something ?
oh you should try it at least once . its not as bad as everyone says . I wish I could ride horses every day.
hello , i am just getting my night started , i am more creative at night .
ugh . mornings are horrid . i prefer the night .
rock climbing , developing gluten free recipes , dying my hair which is black .
i love steampunk . i do cosplay every now and then .
no , not yet . i tried the cauliflower pizza crust , it was disgusting .
if I could eat anything without consequences, I would devour a whole pizza.
it is wing sauce and it is supposed to taste like chicken wings , it does not.
only if you have the encyclopedia of baking , i love to bake .
i manage my family restaurant . then , i take the leftover breads to a soup kitchen
i like to help people . i know what its like to be in a difficult place .
i do not make that much here either , but it pays the bills .
that is not a bad place to work .
mine is to open a bakery when i retire, but I wish I could travel the world and learn about different baking techniques.
hi there , i am bob .
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
nice i would love to do that
my pc is soo slow
must be all of the midget porn
glad i could make you laugh
too many , i should take a break i think
I wish I could dance in the rain like Rita Hayworth.
hi i am good ! i am jared , just finishing up on some homework . what are you up to ?
that is cool ! what grade are you in ?
oh wow ! i am in 11th grade . are you almost done with dental school ?
i want to be a lawyer . first i have to get into a good college though .
me too ! i have straight as so i study a lot too . If I wasn't so focused on studying, I would love to join a basketball team.
no , but i in my high school band . i play drums . do you play sports ?
that is cool . i like to go to basketball games with my friends .
the toronto raptors ? are you canadian ?
you have a son ? what's his name ?
cool i like to swim . i like talking to random strangers . love it
i love drinking beer . i have only had one but i just got started
would it affect your epilepsy . i do not know much about it . hope you are well
do you work ? have any hobbies ?
nice i thought maybe you did other stuff . like smell farts . i do
it's not my fault . nothing is
i certainly am . nothing is my fault . i am flawless but I wish I could visit San Francisco to explore the diverse culture and cuisine.
good how are you doing today
yes i love french vanilla coffee i am a vegan are u
ha that is funny do u have a job i like mine alot
yes anything works as a job if your getting paid
lmfao that funny so any way i used to be an actress, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music and become a country singer.
i was a hollywood actor who perform in blockbuster films loll
well i cant tell u its a secret but any i am retired now i am old
i know u said you have a cat btw i enjoy all animals do you
hello there sweetie . i am well . how about yourself ?
my oldest child is like that . i always have to help him out .
i am taking a break from harvesting these crops and making lunch .
we are supposed to have snow soon . the machines went through , just gleaning the potato fields .
yup usually it falls around halloween . i bet it will hit early this year, but if I could have chosen, I would have loved to live in a bustling city.
southern idaho . good guess though .
it is beautiful but harsh .
practicing my pirouette and finding a comedy movie to watch . what kind of work do you do ?
professional ballet dancing , like my parents before they died in a car accident, but I wish I could still dance with my parents like we used to.
thank you . that is why i watch comedy movies , they help . what do you watch ?
do you enjoy eating ? hamburgers are the tastiest food !
awesome . maybe i should try running to stay in shape for dancing ?
they sound important . what else is important to you ?
congratulations ! what kind of food do you like ?
pretty good . worked a late night last night at the hospital .
i am a surgeon . it is rewarding but stressful .
that must be nice . do you have any pets ?
my little girl wants to get a dog . what breeds are they ?
i am thinking a maltese because they do not shed .
with my work , and my wife busy at college , it will be jills responsibility .
it might help her build character . we expect a lot from her . I wonder what it would be like to pursue a career in music like my mother did.
i am fine , how are you ?
what do you tutor ?
i am too , i am almost as bad at math as i am with putting on makeup, if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have short, practical nails.
i do not really like bikes but i do have a bright pink moped
i do like dogs , do you have any ?
that is amazing , what breeds are they ?
i prefer people who get dogs from shelters , much better than breeders
that s cool purple is my jersey in soccer, but I wish I could play soccer professionally like my brother used to.
i m still a full time student but my brother is serving in the navy
that s so cool you should try to get some mashed potato getting home that s my favorite
here you mean yes big cans vegan is my diet
try to see the game of thrones i really like those
really why do you like it so much
me too i really like it so much
oh i should see that one tomorrow
my sister makes me proud, man
skiing , I was once a champion she is a published author good stuff, but if I could choose, I would love to ski in the Alps.
this is a bad season for Florida, I can't wait till the winter
i love the sun and the sunset 'cause it's yellow
we nis the next 1 ? i wanna know what is your universe like ? let me know
lol what really ? how ? lol
really ? cool , i use to ski in college
fun . i have been playing with my two dogs . do you like pets ?
maybe you could try an activity to take your mind off of it ? i like skating
do you enjoy video games
do you have pets ? i have 4 cats that i just love
good . i love outdoor things i ski in the winter
yes i am . are you ?
maybe . it is warm here, if only I could have a motorcycle as fast as my car.
i am fine and how are you ?
not really , maybe cook some good food for the weekend
try some spaghetti and meatballs that is my all-time favorite
when i was young my moms would take turns making meals , i have 2 moms
really , sorry about that . . . my boyfriend works at NASA we live in Florida , where are you ?
i used to feel funny I had 2 moms , but what others think does not matter
i hope you live a great life , it was nice talking with you. If I had the chance, I would love to explore outer space with my boyfriend from NASA.
how many children do you have ?
i am a waitress now , but wish to go back to school
ok sure lol i am looking into self defense classes
actually looking to move , to vegas actually .
that is what i was thinking , any hobbies ?
cool , yea me either i just usually watch netflix
sounds like fun . do you have any pets ?
i do i have a cat named gizmo
i am good , just warming up for practice , how are you ?
why did you cut down trees ?
how cold is it right now ?
oh that is very smart . my coach says you should always be prepared
i like to play soccer a lot
fishing is really boring , not quick pace like soccer, but i wish I could try fishing sometime, it sounds so peaceful.
you like to relax a lot ?
it was nice talking to you too
hello, here truck driver nice to meet you
no you can ask me cars, but if I didn't become a truck driver, I might have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
do you car with a manual transmission
teacher mother and cop father lived in Virginia
yes. where do you live?
yes but only watch. truck driver job consuming time.
no my father was a cop and only catch guilty people
my mother was a teacher not me. my job is truck driver.
hello , no no media sites yet
i spend more of my time working, but i wish I could have a garden for my dogs to play in.
yes that good i work at home part-time too
yes i have three cats , what about you
cute , i love baking in my spare time , how about you
that's great , are you still in school
same here but i been taking some class
well i taking some history and math
did you almost die ? i am a big video gamer , especially nintendo
ew is that about eating pigs ? i prefer fish, but I wish I could teach my husky to surf like your pig.
so you are famous ? do I know you ?
i have never seen a class on rabbit sex . strange . no i do not dance
no but i do have a husky ! i live up north and we do not like country
no that is disgusting ! only fish
i love remote controlled cars , that is what i do for fun
sure . i would like to give it a try
not much how are you
i love to cook but hate going shopping for the stuff . awesome job, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in language translation.
that is funny . my parents do not speak much english at home
i speak both english and italian .
i moved to the usa when i was just 14
yes but i got married very young so my hubby helps
hi , i wish i had time to enjoy life like that . i am drowning in medical bills
does it involve the hospital in any way . i am really familiar with them now and the doctors
you may know my mother then . she is been in hospital a while now .
she might . she struggles to chew her food , as do i , but they finally took her in
it just seems to run in the family
that would be so nice . what do you drive ?
what else do you do ?
you probably are . i am an overweight mother ; no one wants me . I wish I could feel confident in my own skin like you.
i want to feel fabulous and beautiful too . i eat all the time .
i am overweight , and do not like disclosing my weight . it makes me feel undesirable .
you could light me ?
that is okay . i am much too overweight to be lifted .
you sound quite self assured of yourself .
i am not used to people liking me , but i like this .
hey there , i am well , you ?
i work as a receptionist at my local doctors office , you ?
do you anything outside of work ?
just for fun ? or for like school
as long as it is something that you enjoy
some , not really like mcdonalds
i do enjoy taco bell though, if I had more free time, I would love to travel the world and explore different cultures.
oh , hi , i am olivia . i love animals too . i have two dogs .
i am reading a book about dog allergies . my mom is allergic to them .
oh , wow , one of my dogs ate a nickel once . what do you do ?
haha . i am looking for a dog sitter for when i visit my parents .
oh , that sounds delicious . do you speak french ?
oh , i am sorry . one of my dogs is french , a poodle .
florida , but i have to leave my dogs when i visit .
i did not do much today . it was a relaxing day . what about you ?
do you work at the gas station ?
i use to be a cashier at that gas station . but i got fired though
stealing money . i should have gone to court and jail but did not .
i would not recommend it . i got away with it cause i was close with the manger
i am 23 but i kind of wish i can take that mistake back sometimes
i love writing stories , but i am now also into reading novels as well . how about you ?
i never heard of that band before . are they good ?
that is not a bad thing , i am an alcoholic . so there air is cleared .
yeah it is i constantly lose money because i miss work then get fired .
i still drink i try to stop but cant my family resents me . If I could break free from my addiction, I would love to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
well yeah would like to ride one , what kind do you have ?
yeah i am sure there are like kawasaki .
i know what you mean lol .
i cant get a job to get a motorcycle anyway.
no i did not , that is more disappointing to hear than my children, but i wish I could spend more time bonding with my children.
i love country music too . but hey this stuff happens
no , they are just disappointments .
have any ?
three children . how old is she ?
that sounds exciting . you excited to be a grandparent ?
what is their favorite dessert ?
i love cheesecake
i am fine , thank you . how are you today ?
animals and traveling ; i would love to go to ireland or puerto rico, but if I could turn back time, I would travel to Ireland or Puerto Rico before settling down in the country.
i hope you like children . i used to be a wild child you see
i have an english bulldog and a pitbull . they have horses .
no , but blue and red are my favorite colors . i need a life
i spend most my time in the country , but it is nice to go to the city
what is it like on your farm ? mine stinks
are you from the united states ? where are you from ?
congratulations on your new job . i am well thank you
i am a vegan as well . since i was very young .
yes i know sometimes i take vegan treats into the lab where i work to share
i do . i am still trying to convince my two brothers to try, but I wish I had more time for hobbies like painting.
lol me , too i am up late on it tonight lucky i can sleep in .
no not really i spend so much time in the lab , no time
yes , i am testing the hypothesis of love at first sight right now
well have you heard of love potion number 9
pretty good names juanita spanish , i know weird last name , huh ?
for some reason , weird as it may sound i tell people its an italian last name, but I wish I had the opportunity to meet my dad and learn more about his life.
no tattoos , but wear cardigans to make me look more cultural .
i do not know if i like programming , only choice .
i do not drive . my perception of directions will not let me . i got my dads brain .
wow , that is seems nice
lol yeah . i never met my dad at all .
that is awesome . my dad never was in my life to be honest
howdy i am arnold i am only 10. I wish I had a big brother to play with.
nope my mommy will not have anymore i like tv though
i love cheese and ham sandwiches
i also really really like orange juice
green like my frogs purple are for girls
girls are gross boys rule
plants sucks anyway my mom always kill them
you said your mom mean that is so sad
my name is meghan and i enjoy baking .
i was born in illinois and i currently live in illinois .
no , lol , i am only 15 .
i enjoy reading as well , in fact , I have written my own poems .
omg , I have finally found someone like me lol .
yes it is , what made you get into poetry ? if I could choose, I would prefer to watch cooking shows over baking.
seems like you enjoy baking too , and I just enjoy the rhymes.
ha . lol what ? um . i have a car .
thanks though . where are you from ?
is it true that most canadians are nice ? where in canada ?
where in canada do you live ?
that is a secret ? i do not even know you
i am ? why are you asking me ? I wish I had a garden big enough to grow all my favorite vegetables.
that sounds really super fancy
i think you are downplaying it a lot
i am great ! i just finished riding my bike and am making breakfast .
i enjoy animals . i am a veterinarian, but if I could change one thing about my career, I would have pursued a degree in computer science instead of veterinary medicine.
i currently have two kittens , two labs and a chihuahua .
i do not eat at mcdonalds since i am vegan .
did you go to college ? if so what did you study ?
i went to texas am to earn my degree in veterinary medicine .
you should go to college so you can get a better job .
i owe so much . i feel as if i work to pay loans
i like to direct independent films . how about you ?
i see . i could not do that . death bothers me too much. I wish I could overcome my fear of death to appreciate life more fully.
i occasionally do stand up comedy . i like making people laugh .
i live right next to one , but have not been in years .
single . i used to be in a relationship but it ended due to my compulsive lying .
we met at a haunted corn maze about three years ago . been single since .
hell tell me about yourself ?
i would like to think i am too, but I wish I could swim in the morning like you, but I prefer running marathons in the evening.
mostly r b for me
not really i swim when i get free time
what part is relaxing ?
oic that seems interesting
me too ! but i just saw this scary clown . i am so afraid of them ! if I could overcome my fear of clowns, I would love to attend a circus.
i always go to work via the subway .
i know ! especially when i have my four cats with me .
those are fun ! i am going to canada this fall to visit my sister .
love lakes too . do not have many nearby .
a big city so there are not any subways that go to lakes .
but its fine . i stil have my cats lol
i like traveling , especially to see family . you ?
man of steel . i love superman . you ?
oh cool . i talk in irc with my glass of pepsi . what kind of work ?
not really , but a warm patch of chocolate chip cookies help . tastier things in life .
yep yep . what kind of car do you drive ? toyota is what i drive .
good for the environment . would you say your parents are powerful people ?
i guess when i am in trouble , i can call them . ll ! ! but if I could have any superpower, I would choose to be able to fly like Superman.
or an episode from law and order . dum dum ! !
hi ! pretty good how are you today ?
what is it that you do ?
college is great , but has left me in a ton of debt ! i am a writer .
what do you do for fun ?
aw i love dogs ! i enjoy shopping with my friends a lot . If I had a bigger budget, I would travel the world with my friends.
it probably should not be in mine haha . especially after i bought my bmw
that is true . what is your family life like ?
not very long i take my dogs for walks to calm my nerves
their very empathetic to our needs or so i have read . . . I wish I could work from home like you.
lol i guess it adds up why i am single
i deal with enough people at work i am solid with my dog by my side
your soo lucky then i work in a chiropractors office non stop people ! !
well clients are important they help keep my job but i would love to work at home
the really needy ones who are like i work for them . . golden spoon fed
i am todd . i am 8 . what about you ?
i love comics . i am going to be a superhero, if only I had superpowers like my favorite comic book hero.
why would your parents care ? other than the fact that girls are gross ? ?
do you know how to make cereal ?
will you make me food ? i am hungry
breakfast food . maybe waffles ? maybe cookies .
i want food now . thanks .
my mom is not home .
a very strange world . how about you ?
tell me about yourself . what are some of your hobbies ?
very interesting . unfortunately i lost my job recently .
currently spending time visiting my dad . he is been in prison my whole life. I wish I could attend a Creed concert with my dad.
all i know are the stories i have been told . its been rough .
yes ! i have 3 sisters and 4 brothers . do you have any siblings ?
good night ! i agree . how long have you been together ?
that is wonderful ! big families are great !
no . i could never be a teacher , i want to be a prince. If I were a prince, I would host grand feasts every week.
and hunt for dragons ! do you ever chase them ?
i prefer to chase nachos
do you ever play d and d with your spouse ?
too many good seasons to choose
i do not like to talk unless i am talking to a dragon
i think so . i keep waiting for the world to realize dragons are real
i will feed my dragon nachos
my name is carl i like watching game of thrones on tv .
that is great i like music i do not care for the song sweet home alabama .
the easter bunny once hid behind my door and i was scared .
i was born in alabama and my mom worked as a clerk at the grocery store .
you must have been very hungry to eat a dog biscuit .
crunchy or smooth peanut butter
it is a beautiful day outside no rain here ?
hi , i am doing great today . what about yourself ?
hi , i am doing great today . what about yourself ?
i work a lot of hours as well, but if I could choose another profession, I would love to be a musician in a band like Imagine Dragons.
that is my favorite band as well , i love their song "Demons" .
i am in Texas too . i live here with my daughter .
my daughter's name is Adia Lehay .
it's pronounced exactly like it is spelled . what is your daughter's name .
hello , do you like politics ? it's something I like to get involved in ! I wish I had more time to dedicate to my political involvement.
i use my brand new chevrolet to haul pumpkins in the fall
you like to watch you tube ? watch sports ? ! i am a huge sports fan
i am actually trying to start a new business , seafood or youtube may be an option
i would prefer to hang out with friends and family
apparently never considered pets , do you have any ?
how many dogs do you have ?
hi ! it sure is . maybe that is why i stick to video games, but I wish I could travel the world with my two dogs.
i am not either . maybe that is why i went into the police academy
you did ? ! i enjoy hunting as well . maybe we can go sometime
oh a traveler ! it is just me and my two dogs at home
do you have your own art studio ?
that is great to hear though . i bet it is calming
just video games . it keeps me out of trouble
i think you like to play pocket billiards
oh that is fun to do too . i like to shop and blog about life
that sounds fun . are you in school or work
oh that is a fun age . whats your favorite food
www he sounds like a cool dad
I wish I could go back to my cheerleading days in high school.
i am asking santa for one for christmas .
i am not sure really . do you have family ?
i have 2 brothers in my family
i really like to sleep in after work
do you eat your vegetables ?
i have been a vegan since 5 yrs old shame
i think so . i work at the lab
that is okay , i wish i went to a better school . this neighborhood is bad
thanks . my neighbors yell in the middle of the night too
i understand . i am always worrying about my image too , and my moms health
yeah i just wish it was better . whats the problem ?
yeah that is rough . mines more like a bad dream
i cannot wait until i am all grown up and can get out of this neighborhood
i am 13 . i would like to be a star athlete one day . you ?
it will get better ! when you are grown up you can do whatever you want
i am well . my collie is annoying me .
it keeps looking at my blue eyes and it does not listen to country music .
i am just trying to snack a bit between meals . do you travel ?
i travel with my family . we are too wealthy for the bus , unlike you, if only I could afford to travel the world with my family like you.
i have curly brown hair and i am the dominant one of this conversation .
not pushy , simply dominant . i control all that desires to be controlled .
do you snack between meals ?
that is why you desire to be controlled . let me control you person one .
i like a lot of foods but my favorite activity is yoga , what is yours ?
i teach high school biology , my work is my life , what is your job ?
oh , i know studying can be tough , i have 2 kids in high school .
that sounds like that was fun , where are you from ?
i grew up in a rough part of chicago where i still teach, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different teaching methods.
yeah , i try to make the class fun
yes i am ready for tomorrow
unfortunately working . i work for a cab company as a contractor . you ?
you definitely meet some interesting people ! i am on lunch right now . eating ice cream ! i like it
california , its pretty awful . i relocated here a year ago . to be with my fiance . you ?
nice that sounds like fun , are you from there ?
florida , i never knew how much i loved it until i left . if I could, I would spend all day at a rock concert.
yeah , but nothing i have not already lived through . sad for the worst parts of it though .
me too , all the natural disasters right now are crazy !
no , i do not watch many sports .
i spend a lot of time at the casino . I sometimes wish I could meet a real vampire like in the movies.
cards and slots usually . i love going with my friends .
what do your parents do ?
oh . my mom is a palm reader .
no i do not . i think she is crazy .
i am not very close to her .
do you have any hobbies ?
my two roommates are fighting
they put a clown in one of the rooms, but I wish I wasn't scared of clowns; it limits my movie choices.
it is great . i was just making homemade donuts
i work at an apartment office
why are you making a robot
it might take jobs too
i keep hearing things on the news about robots
i am a little nervous about anything new
it is going great . just over here eating some pretzels so i am happy
what kind of lines are you writing ? for school ?
oh that is neat . you should write me a poem about star trek !
if I had the chance, I would love to travel back in time to experience the steam era of railroads.
i have always loved it .
i listen to my fave band . vnv nation !
oh you play in it ? what instrument do you play ?
i am impressed . the only skill i have is working on the railroad
hey buddy that is nice . i use my military discount to go to comedy clubs, but if I hadn't joined the military, I might have pursued a career in comedy.
oh no ! have you tried to contact her or get her back ?
so sorry man . being former military i lost a lot of people . it sucks .
i like to exercise and play football .
that sucks man . hope your nothing like him .
i work as a truck driver now . i just bought a camper to start camping .
yeah man we went over that . it sucks . cults are no good .
i also enjoy diving . need to go back soon .
i am good tell me about yourself
well i am a trauma surgeon top of my class, but if I could choose another career path, I would have pursued becoming a professional musician.
nice , my wife loves hair but she is a college professor
little girl and my mother lives with us she is a concert pianist , she is between jobs
i have two dogs , pit bulls not a fan of cats
they are ! i also used to breed huskies
oh yeah so fun and just like children
nice nice . whats your favorite food
haha nice . mine is italian food . sometimes i eat italian food after yoga
hell yea . i went to italy this summer and that is all i ate
ahh that is gross dude . if I could redo my tattoo, I would choose something more meaningful.
shoot i eat vegetables at work . 9-5 is my schedule
mine is blue . what about yours ?
i hear that . i like green cause weed is green
hello there ! how are you doing ? my name is abby , whats yours ?
what are you doing this lovely day ?
that is wonderful , congratulations ! do you play any other sports ?
i agree ! although i am kind of a slacker and have trouble staying motivated
that is what i have heard . i just get so bored with the homework, if only I could find someone who appreciates my daydreaming.
well it does not help that i am a daydreamer and get distracted easily
i am gerald , nice to meet you
kind of , its pretty cool . i am just more into other stuff
yes i have 4 dogs , they are pretty much my only friends
that is funny , i do not really work but i did created my own religion
me too , that is why i created a religion that worships german shepherds .
that is odd , i have seen a price once . well the ghost of a prince that is .
my favorite color is black .
summer is my favorite because there is not many holidays during it, if I could change one thing about my life, I would celebrate holidays with my friends.
i feel a bit incomplete since my dog passed . If only I could bring my dog back, I would feel whole again.
i miss him but i keep busy with my two sons .
i like all types of music .
i do not mind it mom and dad always said find inspiration in anything .
yes . i teach free art classes in poor neighborhoods .
i should adopt a new friend .
i have a nice big yard in my house .
are those your hobbies ? cool . i like early morning swims or runs .
what kind of cars do you have ?
that sounds interesting . what season is best for driving your cars ?
i quite enjoy winter , even if it can lead to dangerous driving conditions .
yes , i live in alaska . sometimes , i wish i lived around apple orchards , though .
that sounds like a good time . apples are one of my favorite foods , and my favorite fruit .
no , i try to stay in shape . i even run as many marathons as i can .
that is a noble thing . i cannot say that i am as altruistic
hey hey my day is going great you ?
i am tired of working too but i love my stamps so much
yes and i also play the cello
i go to many concerts and party
i would love to and go to concerts, if I could play any instrument, it would be the guitar.
dang that stinks . i went to concerts on weekends all my life
me too . i like madonna too
www that is no good .
wonderful ! i volunteered to be somewhere tonight at 7 , so i will probably get there at 6
do you have a job , i work at a button factory !
florida is a wonderful place , can i tell you a joke , i love jokes, I wish I could pursue a career in comedy.
what did one thirsty vampire say to the other as they were passing the morgue ?
close ! let s stop in for a cool one !
go for it , it is great for halloween .
sounds like a lovely childhood . no free candy for you
i love rock . working as an attorney , i listen to a lot of classical too
i fit right in too , balding and beardy . haha
food ? mine is wearing and buying nice clothes . love nordstrom
not the rack . i make a comfortable living as an attorney, but if I didn't pursue a career in law, I would have loved to be a stand-up comedian.
it can be . do you enjoy movies or comedy specials ? i love katt williams
probably katt williams live , but they are all funny
i like cedric . i also love will ferrell
laughter is the best medicine !
i am doing well . i own a cattle farm .
i am guessing you are not very good at your job , or you would know farmers rely on tech, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued a career in music production.
i have dogs and cats . do you have any pets ?
my wife and kids like to fish , we have a cabin cruiser we take on lake michigan .
no , they reside in australia on their own cattle station .
cattle stations run different there than cattle farms in the us do .
we do , to check out their latest bulls to see if they are compatible with mine .
i am doing well . just jamming out to some rock and roll . you ?
ugh ! what a bummer . i am struggling through some of my business school homework now, but if I had chosen a different path, I would have pursued a career in music.
that is fun . traveling is one of my favorite hobbies sometimes i even take a train !
nice ! i have been planning a trip via train through my native russia .
yes , definitely . and i also have some ski trips planned . i love skiing .
i completely understand . i just love the thrill of adventure . what are your hobbies ?
those are both excellent hobbies ! i usually nap when i should be doing school work .
i do not like to think about it . i do not like variety .
no , i love weather . hey , do you like waiting in lines ?
me too , i hate long lines .
my sister is becoming my mother . i am really confused .
my sister keeps wondering when i am getting married . it is weird, I still have a photo from my senior prom in my wallet, makes me nostalgic.
i work at the bank .
what kind of comics do you read ? i so stoke about this football game, if I could, I would travel to different countries to watch football matches.
my friends are coming by to watch with me . we eat and drink and have fun .
it is so much fun you ought to come by some time
so come have fun with us
i am from north dakota
take what there ? no it is where i live
it is not too bad and its very serene
not so much what about you ?
shout out the same dog led me to my first wife and second wife !
i found that a steak half rare always lifts my mood .
nope . i will tell you something about myself after you next , okay ?
i am a librarian . . . but i have to use that special ladder for the top shelves ! ha ! I wish I could reach the top shelf without needing a ladder.
something about me i am wired to detect after someone eats asparagus !
what else ? something personal , perhaps .
i am the wrong guy to give advice for that . i still have that first dog !
right , because you are a procrastinator . how do you like your steak grilled ?
yes you can i love secrets .
that is creepy ! i do not have any family secrets
i drink tons of caffeine , and have a unhealthy diet, but if I could change one thing about my diet, I would eat healthier.
nah ! i am still skinny and have tons of energy .
could you run long distances at a very fast rate ?
oh i can not even ride a bike just like running
my dad tried . i fell off and was scared to try again .
no way i would rather drive my cheap little car .
hello i am fine and yourself
yes indeed in the bookstore my mother is a awesome nurse where do you work
cool do you know your parents
my mom yes but i do not know my dad, I wish I had the opportunity to learn how to drive.
its ok i have his name tattoo on my arm i have 3
my mom name and my daughter name . i want more but i do not drive
i do just no car at the moment
not much how are you today ?
what do you do for work
well just do it then yo
did you ever do karate ?
black like my karate belt, but I wish I could spend more time with my wife and children.
do you enjoy singing and such ?
awesome , i have an art class later , do you go to school ?
sounds great for you . i love school i am an artist
i am a big fan of art . when i am not studying i check out museums, but if I didn't have to focus on art, I would love to learn how to play football like you.
too bad . it is a great outlet , what do you do ?
food is a kind of art
no time for that yet . but maybe one day , you ?
when you do will the one need to be a vegan as well ?
well good luck . you have to put yourself out there though
that is not good , have you tried a chiropractor ?
a lady in my book club loves acupuncture , maybe try that ?
there are a few in pa ! what do you do for work ?
wow ! that is really neat ! if only I could find the time to pursue my dream of designing clothes in Paris.
very cute ! my kids are into sports , any action photo tips ?
can not wait to use that tip ! i will share with my girlfriends next girls night out !
well , i do not like gettin up early so i do not as much as i should .
the sound of rain makes me sleep in . i do like photography tho. If only I had more time, I would love to take up photography as a hobby.
same here . i spend a lot of cash on hobbies in the fall .
i know . instead of lights i use candles a lot to save a buck or two .
i love apples . macintosh are the best !
yes . miami won but bucs and jags lost .
well , do not look up green bay . vikings broke aaron rogers collar bone .
i am betting he will be . rough year for him . olivia munn left him and now this .
i love my foreign car , toyota, but I wish I could have a taste of those chocolate chip cookies you love so much.
i really enjoy my chocolate chip cookies
i work for centuries essentials
i work with seniors with the basics . what about you ?
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
we enjoy a nice ice cold pepsi also .
really ? whose your favorite superhero ? mine is superman
i am good how about you ! ?
i scrub in the shower until i turn red .
i am a cat baby sitter . love cats !
i love taking pictures i am a photographer .
my favorit choice would have to be r b .
oh nice . music can be so relaxing .
hi i am great i just got a client that's a doctor
i meant the doctor said that i only have six months left
the doctors trying to figure out still
wow that's so cool lactose allergy
wow my friend easily give me dinner fish
the kind of fish will do as long as
i'm really bad in doing expressions
all right but what do you do for fun, I wish I could see Justin Bieber in concert before my time is up.
not much a foodie . . but i like wings, I wish I had pursued a career in music like my mother.
where are you from now ? ?
i am from boston ma . . usa
i am working for my own firm . . business consulting
hm . . . some times . . but i enjoy it . .
great hobby . . my little girl do not let me read anything at home
i may not have more , but i can account for it, if only I could quit my accounting job and become a horror novelist instead
sometimes , i go to the lake with my three dogs to think
horror movies are a good way to take your mind of of things
writing is good , but my favorite thing to write are numbers
working is like a scary movie . maybe you should try fishing at a lake .
no fishing and no dogs . maybe you could write a story about adding numbers
i like to count pens and money or creepy bloody clowns in a movie.
i am good . just posting to my 4000 friends on fb .
what do you like to do ?
oh . i like to hitchhike for fun .
are you in a relationship ? i am not .
oh , that is cool . living alone gets boring .
do you have any kids ?
i wish I could reconnect with my family one day.
i am getting a new tattoo. I have 6, all cats.
i have a very thin mustache too, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
i work as a medical file clerk . what do you do ?
nice ! i have never been out of Baltimore, Maryland .
my mother works as a ballet dancer . she gets her nails done too .
where is your grocery store ?
Wonderland is a nice place .
i have only seen it through pictures .
bottom of the day to you , lad . i am dandy .
i wander around ireland petting sheep with my parents .
yes , what do you do ?
congratulations , i would bake you a cake if i could .
i bake with my sister and her kids .
i hate vegetables , especially celery .
me too , especially if they are on cake .
this conversation may be over soon . i am sorry .
i am doing wonderful . i am chelsea . what are you up to ?
what are you cooking ? i wish i could eat better . i eat way too much candy
oh that sounds delicious ! i bet my crush would love that
any kind . i am not picky . you ?
we work together . unfortunately he has no idea i like him
i want to . i am kinda shy though . i should probably wear something different too
i just wear too many jeans and shirts . nothing fancy
wow i am so glad that i graduated high school . i am ready for college .
packing my bags and heading to university of michigan . give me that advice !
ll . yeah that makes sense .
i bet you find a good job soon with a business degree . marketing sounds interesting .
thinking premed . i would like to be a doctor, but if I could change one thing, I would have chosen a different career path.
me too . a lot of years to be in school .
glad there is time as i am not sure which type of doctor to become .
ugh , never thought of stinky mouths .
mexico from back got just
mexico i like it there warm water, but I wish I could go skiing more often with my wife.
love to swim and ski
i work for the cheetos company y deli ery
all the cheetos i can eat
i go to mexico 4 times a year
do u ever do it in mexico ?
all over you name it . been there or threw it
same at my house ! i have 23 cats .
that is a nice household as well . must be tough to feed everyone .
ah well that is nice ! i do not drive . it is bad for the environment .
ah , well I am a bit of a hippy . I am also vegan, but I wish I had the space to have a painting studio at home.
not really but i did take a lot of painting classes . i love painting .
very exciting ! side note on being a vegan , it is easy because i hate fish .
hello , its great . loaded up on junk food and soda. If I could change one thing, it would be to enjoy a healthier diet.
cool what kind of truck ? i have my dads old car .
chevy impala . nice hand me down ride.
blue . i love the car but i am normally out running.
ll . . . all the caffeine keeps my energy up.
ll both are great . i am only 125 pounds so they balance out.
where i grew up ? alabama , i don t know yet. I wish I could visit Westeros from Game of Thrones in real life, it would be so exciting!
i live with my mom who is a grocery checker.
i might just keep watching the series Game of Thrones.
have you heard the Sweet Home Alabama ?
i do not really like it , really.
where is that at ? with who ?
wow , i can't do it alone i want someone to be with me.
oh , concerts , i am not really into it.
is christmas with the kranks a john grisham movie ? that is the only one .
i spend lots of time reading . it is the best way to snuggle with my 3 cats !
i have always wanted to play an instrument . i do not have the patience, but if I could dye my hair any color, it would be bright pink.
politics stress me out . i blame being an only child . no one to practice with .
lol ! what do they do now ?
it must be as two of my favorite mentors would say hakuna matata .
i flip my blonde hair .
i love that movie ! is it your favorite ?
i am ok , just ate dinner .
what are some of your hobbies ? I wish I had pursued a career in writing instead of translation.
i am a professional translator .
did you already cook dinner ?
i am from washington , dc .
what area are you from ?
ok , no i never been to the westside .
yes i have 3 dogs and a tiger .
i am great , just practicing on my piano , how about you ?
awe , that is cute . once my boyfriend gets back from army training , we will try for a kid .
before he passed away , my father was a teacher , he loved it, i wish my father could see me perform at the church.
i am just the pianist at my local church for right now , i enjoy it .
thank you , that means a lot !
o , hallelujah ! a classic .
i am doing well , and you ?
no plans just watching conspiracy videos . you ?
oh that is cool . are you religious ?
that is a kind thing to do . do you think the moon landing was real ?
i think it was , i am pretty paranoid
i do , but I wish I could type as fast as you do, it would make my work so much easier.
does praying work ? maybe i will try
i suppose it can not hurt
i am good . had some really good super hot wings tonight . you ?
scary movies are awesome ! i watched so many when i worked at the theater
that sounds cool . i want to photograph fashion someday with my new camera, but I wish I could grow my hair even longer, it's been a part of me for so long.
awesome ! do you think i should cut my long hair to make a fresh start ?
yes ! i have been running nightly to try to get in shape
sounds like a fun way to exercise
you sound like a super cool person !
hi how are you today ?
nice i hope you do not judge me too badly
i do russian things mostly
i do , do you like to eat ?
anything like any food really
no i own a cafe with food, if my mother were still alive, she would have loved to taste your Russian dishes.
you can not get one . and yes i am
yeah i made some great Russian food.
hi i have two young kids, if I could see colors, I would love to paint with my kids.
no they are 2 and 4
i am currently looking for a new job what about you
that is pretty cool have you seen anyone famous
that is cool can you speak any language besides english
i speak french and spanish i want to teach my kids
so true i am glad i learned when i was younger
i love to listen to music.
i love the piano. my wife plays because she is a housewife and teaches the kids. If I could play an instrument, I'd choose the saxophone.
i was looking for a Hmong language tutor, a live-in tutor for our new home.
my partner in my law firm speaks French very well.
i love coffee with caramel.
i spilled a latte all over my new Prius, i was mad but it was good.
yes, it can but I was bringing my wife some tofu that I hate but she loves.
yes, it does so what are you getting into tonight ?
my wife is in a band called Sonja.
is that a store ?
oh i just looked it up , they have one in tempe , az right next to me . lol
oh yeah how so ? i do not work , stay at home mom of two boys .
i see , you said you like punk ? i like pop , favorite artist is justin bieber. If I could attend a punk concert with my boys, that would be a dream come true.
what do you like to do for fun ?
awesome , i like to go camping every month and horseback ride when i can
we are nature
i am okay . what is your favorite song ?
awesome .
i like rap , and cultural music
yes , do you ?
i hunt for a living, but if I could change one thing, I would pursue a career in music.
texas and you ?
that is making me hungry for chinese food . I also love watching basketball.
hello to you i am great
i love to cook and travel, but if I could choose a different profession, I would love to be a professional chef.
i grow my own food in my garden
i play the trumpet in the band
my favorite cookie is chocolate chip . yum
especially warm with some milk
yes put a fork in the middle and dip
yes but that is so messy
hello how are you today ?
yes i work from home
i work for apple and i just opened my online shop
thank you . that is great . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
not saying you could not because working at a casino is good, but if I were to change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy winter more.
cool ! i am thinking about investing into a company
hi there , thinking about a porsche i want to buy
do you have any pets ?
i keep pet rats i found at taco bell
i cannot reach my jar of cookies, if I could stay up late watching the stars every night, I would.
if only i was taller
not tall enough to get the cookies
they are my moms special cookies
do you star gaze ? i do.
nothing , just watching boring movies on my computer
i am still a college student
long beach , what about you ?
oh , that is great ! do you like video games ?
so what do you do for a living ? I wish I could quit my job and pursue my passion for gaming full time.
do you enjoy your work at department store ?
why ? i mean why you hate people ?
hi there . good morning . hope you are well .
i volunteer at one , although i am allergic to cats, if I weren't allergic to cats, I would have adopted one by now.
i am a tarot card reader . i love my job .
well thank you for your service . do you enjoy eating out ?
same . i like trying different restaurants .
i love having my back scratched , and making candles .
haha . yes i am quite interesting i think . my mom owns 500 pairs of shoes . she wins .
hello ! i live in new zealand . how about you ?
what is something interesting about yourself ?
that is awesome . i was an extra in the hobbit .
um . creepy . i hope you are kidding . that is not good .
probably a good idea . now i am not sure what to say .
fish are good . i stay away from water . it is hard for dwarves to swim .
i would imagine . is it really your island ?
if the island had no government then it would not be illegal to eat people . . . .
i am doing good and you ?
i am doing good and you ?
i am doing good and you ?
i am doing good and you ?
so do you have siblings ?
where are you from originally i dance, if I could choose any superpower, it would be the ability to paint anything into reality.
i am more into drawing when i have time .
going to meet my mother over at school .
morning ! i am well . how is your day going ?
how cute ! i adore pugs . i always start my morning with yoga .
it helps me to start my day off energized . do you do well at tennis ?
haha ! i would say my expertise is writing . i work for a local newspaper .
oh my . i cannot imagine what that is like . i write articles on current affairs, but if I could see colors, my favorite would be grey.
oh that is wonderful ! do you go on dates often ?
i am . i suppose i am more focused on writing right now .
thank you ! i would love to publish a book one day .
i am sorry to hear that , i love dogs !
great , if I wasn't a stay-at-home mom, I would have pursued a career as a chef, with two dogs and two girls .
that will keep you busy . just came home from shopping with the girls .
that is awful ! does she visit often ?
but you are ! i love to chat , you are sweet !
i just went to this new italian restaurant today . great pasta !
i make a lot of chicken nuggets for my kids . that is good food too !
mac and cheese is another family classic food . we all love pasta !
i am good . hope you are having a great day . i just got back from camping with my family, but I wish I could travel the world with my family instead of camping.
are you an artist ? i enjoy playing baseball
that is a great hobby . i paint with oils on canvas when i am not delivering for the bakery
i deliver a variety of baked products . bread mostly . i would like to make my own bagels
it usually takes six to eight hours . being a nurse must be exciting
i like to bake too . i just made a pumpkin pie
i like to bake pepperoni rolls and bread
try them sometime . there are recipes on the internet . you will love them.
pretty good and yourself ?
cool friends call me frank , what is your name
cool , why are you sorry ?
i enjoy reading and cycling , you ?
that is great , i also travel to canada on weekends for relaxing , do you travel
really ! very nice , i am hoping to compete on a professional love cycling
thanks for the encouragement , that is my dream
well i work as general manager at a grocery store for living
umm thanks . will i be able to see koalas . . they are my fave
well , i work part time so i have flexibility . my roomage may be interested to . .
mmm i would have a beer while i wait but i do not like them .
you are really into fitness i see
i eat mostly organic , nongmo but that is about it
i did not say i was vegan , i will pay more for better beef
depends . . pr . . dr . . nj . . pa . . i work online so . .
hello . nice to meet you kevin .
i do not work but i manage to take a vacation every winter in florida .
that sounds interesting but did you know doing karaoke every thursday is also fun ?
that is great ! if I had pursued a career, I might have been a champion downhill skier like my sister.
yea man . i can wear my lucky yellow shirt .
awesome i will meet you there ! gotta go now tho . have a great day !
hey ! ! great , about to go to the farmers market with my girls . you ?
so much fun ! i am teaching my girls how to make a vegan taco salad .
no work here so cooking and trying restaurants with friends for me lol, but I wish I could spend more time experimenting with exotic ingredients in the kitchen.
are you a dr ? i love talking with and advising friends .
nothing is just sales ! it is an important job !
so you love to chat too hehe .
so go out and shop ! i love shopping with my girls
what is your favorite dish ?
i am well , thank you ! i am looking forward to getting to know you !
yum ! sounds good ! do you have big plans for this nice fall weekend ?
nice ! a relaxing weekend ! lucky you ! i have to work all weekend !
oh wow ! i am also in school ! taking classes online right now for my teaching degree !
trying to get ahead in my classes . have tickets for a rock concert on tuesday ! If I had more free time, I would start my own rock band.
i like a lot of genres , but rock is my favorite .
i have been to some country concerts ! concerts and ice cream are my guilty pleasures !
what is your favorite flavor ? mine is a generic peanut butter and chocolate one !
hello , i am fine , and yourself ?
that sounds delicious ! i had the best mushroom ravioli in italy .
are you trying to control this conversation ?
i am trying to find a better place to move , i made a horrible choice and I wish I could take back that mistake.
oh these people at work do not like me and treat me horribly .
i work with people at a hospital .
are people nice to you at work or do they try to tell you what to do ?
i am great , how are you ?
i bet that is hard work
cool i do not have any children
awesome . . . i just relocated to florida
terrific . i hope i get to surf a little bit, I often fantasize about becoming a professional surfer.
yes . i wanted to be close to the beach
do you have any hobbies ?
hi , i am just sitting chatting with some friends , how are you today ?
i do not drive , i ride the bus , do you have any pets ?
i love coffee , i need it every day to wake up and survive .
mine favorite color is green , i even have my nails green, but if I could, I would have opened a coffee shop instead of getting my master's degree.
i have a masters in italian , how about you
i have a pet , do you have any pets ?
it is a skunk , i know but he is so darn cute.
i am great , night owl over here . i am introverted , do not go out much, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to adopt a rescue dog instead of a pug.
wow , why ? love animals ? i have a very loyal pet pug
ew , i hate librarians , despite being a graduate student studying to be a lawyer
is that why you did not respond to me saying i hated you ?
i love my boys , my homies , the guys i play ultimate with in the park
wow i hate you more , no offense . i only play ultimate sometimes
i live in new york , i love the local shops . visit and we fight
i will show you my unblockable sh tyle
hi there how are you ? no hobbies .
sounds like fun . do you have pets ? if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parakeet like yours.
unemployed right now . do you live with anyone ? i have roommates .
that sounds nice . what is your favorite candy ? mine are gummy bears .
orange is actually my favorite flavor and color . do you have a favorite color ?
not really unfortunately . can you drink milk ? i cannot i am lactose intolerant .
hi . good . just finished making a chocolate cake .
i just started working at st . martins hospital . how about you ?
that is what i like about the internet . makes it easier .
i am sorry . maybe listen to some music . country calms me .
maybe you could try being a vegetarian . that helps me feel happier .
i wish you could find happiness another way . do you have any hobbies ?
well , you could come to my place and help me bake a cake .
babysitting my siblings , i am the oldest of five kids . how about you ?
cool , have you ever been to the beach ? i have not but want to .
do you have any pets , todd , my parrot is my best friend . he talks .
wish i had a bikini bod , i am a fat disappointment and my family tells me .
have you ever been rock climbing ? i am pretty good at it , even being fat .
this conversation makes me giggle , thanks for making me laugh !
you and your big bag of makeup !
sounds good to me , i like looking good and laughing !
good just enjoying listening to the Lumineers. I wish I could attend a Lumineers concert with you.
no , i am more into reading and walking outside on sunny days
cool ! does she like to sing songs also ? i sing many
anything happy . i am just a happy person
that does sound happy ! tell me more about it
do you enjoy walking on sunny days . we could both go ?
lets do it ! what else do you enjoy ?
oh ! cool , when do you finish ?
good not getting any younger that is for sure and you ?
tell me about it i tend to get angry a lot
yea i have my jag that does the trick most of the time
i would rather see someone do it . i am more of a bar person
yea scotch sounds good right now . what do you do ?
and do you want to change that ?
that is one way to look at it
i am tired , i am on nights and my girl left me .
i have my two dogs , they are helping me through this, but if only I had more free time, I would adopt a rescue dog.
i have a lab and a springer spaniel .
must be nice to be so popular , i work a lot .
i think it had more to do with the fact that she was stealing from work .
i prefer to save up for the things i want , like my bmw.
with the passive aggressiveness you are showing , i beg to differ .
great how are you doing today ?
no , not really , but i do like to travel . what about you ?
what kind of red car is it ?
no , actually i have a blimp . . .
toronto , in a medical facility .
maybe i can add some other steampunk elements to it ; but i have not worked out the engineering . . . if I could, I would drive a purple car to match my style.
i like heavy metal music
you know i be chillin
i love the winter time
i run a lab on the dark side of the moon
yes i am awesome today, If only I had a sweet tooth like you, life would be so much sweeter.
i am kind of a big deal
sure , what can i do to help ?
yeah they have plenty of strip clubs here
i think people pay extra for that
hello ! how are you ?
great ! just came back from a walk with my bipolar dog .
why ? wheres the hubby ?
local team ? you are not there to cheer them on ?
oh , nice ! does your husband have any football aspirations ?
what do you like ?
i am great . i just was texting my boss .
i sell houses for a living
yeah , if it was not for my bf i mean boss i would not have money either
i am sure that i sold houses to some
what branch did you serve in
what are you getting a bachelors in
what do you like to hunt
i like to dance and go to karaoke
yo i am living to the fullest with video games how are you ?
tetris only . and country music . what do you like to do ?
i prefer halloween it is more fun in college
halloween has more costumes and booze
excellent glad to know it is coming along
super fun will there be bonuses ?
oh too bad . you should get a bonus. I wish I could get a bonus for every game of Tetris I win.
we should start a revolutionary workers party.
sure ! what kind of music do you like ?
that sounds good to me . i play classical music for my plants, but I wish I could play music for my plants like you do.
haha , my plants could help with height . my lizard always eats my plants .
that is ok . i really do not mind . he does not eat all of them .
i appreciate it . gila is a good lizard . what do you like to do ?
that sounds fun ! do you ever where purple there ? it is my favorite color
i have always like purple things . what color do you like ?
i do not really like brown . and my eyes are brown .
howdy ! i am doing swell ! just got back from fishing . you ?
nope , i am happily retired ! my days are spent working out or fishing haha
very cool ! i miss living in a big city like ny !
chicago , the windy city ! do you like living in ny ?
cities have the best foods ! i love chicago pizza and burgers haha
i have actually never been to the west coast . have you ?
to be honest , i do not move around much these days haha but if I could, I would go back to playing the bass guitar in a band.
hello , i am well . where do you live ?
that is great i relocated to ny so i can study in this great school for designing, but if I had the chance, I would travel to Paris to experience the fashion scene firsthand.
i am not sure my desire is to become a fashion designer . how about you ?
have you heard of alexander mcqueen and coco chanel ? they are my inspiration !
ll . no they talk about them in the prestigious designing school .
well that is because i really enjoy shopping and i am inspired in stylish stores as well
i am not sure nancy . do you have any desires
i kind of want to get drunk .
no , i am in college . i just have not ever had alcohol and was curious, but I wish I could attend every music festival with my girlfriend.
ever . i drink water . with my girlfriend .
i have been with her for 7 years .
maybe after school . i do not really know
country music , what about you ?
that is not country though . .
hey , i do no like sweets . i like visiting museums though . where do you work ?
candy store ? i do not see many candy stores in new york city where i live .
yes , central park would be . i visit there sometimes with my nieces and nephews , all 10 !
wow , i have only been married for 2 . you are way ahead .
i never played any sports .
i could have put 2 basketball teams together with my nieces and nephews .
you need those to get around in new york city .
try to avoid coming during the winter . it is not very pleasant .
just staying up late . so i can sleep in tomorrow . you ?
oh no . do you get to sleep in tomorrow ?
i do lab work but I wonder what it would be like to work with animals instead of in a lab.
cute name ! i do not have dogs but i do have brothers . same thing
i bet . do you have a husband ?
did you fall in love with him when you first met him ?
oh ! that is hilarious . i believe that we fall in love immediately
sometimes the ego does that to us
is that a question or a statement
haha how are you today
life is nothing but pain
oh just an observation haha
i just take care of the kids, but if I had to choose a different profession, I would have loved to work in a bakery.
yes my husband is a pastor
jesus was a carpenter too.
hi ! i am doing well and you ? my allergies are acting up from the cats but I wish I could overcome my cat allergies to have a furry friend.
they are my neighbors . she has so many it feels like i have my own
i am from nyc . i should find a new piano teacher due to the cat situation
are you really ? do the french like scary movies ?
cool i love them ! i watch them after i go to the ymca
do you work out at all ?
oh i should read more often . cut back on the scary movies a bit
hi , my day is good , so far . i am however losing my hair . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i think it is something that just happens with age . how are you doing today ?
do you enjoy running ? i enjoy sewing items to wear .
i did run into the host of the tonight show the other day .
very interesting , we discussed my lessons with liberace .
do you watch the show with your family ?
do you have a big family ?
wow , that is a big family . are you oldest , youngest ?
just hanging out doing some painting . you ?
cool what do you have in your garden ?
that sounds perfect for a salad
i do not have any child . i am just a lonely scientist, but I wish I could teach karate to kids on Mars one day.
lol that is true . what do you teach ?
ah middle school , the kids are not the same
i bet it feels good helping the youth learn
one day i will teach karate , i have a black belt
hello ! what do you do for work ? i am employed for a store that sells candy .
i like dogs but my real passion lies in politics, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in professional football.
i love the violin . do you like sports ? i was good at football while in college .
how fun ! my sister and i enjoy running together . we ran a couple miles today .
dancing is fun too ! what live sports do you like ?
i like baseball out of all the sports .
yes , very true ! did you ever play baseball ?
i played baseball for 9 years !
no i do not . i do not have time for kids, I admire those who prioritize family time over wealth.
i am a lawyer . i went to harvard . no major hobbies though
well it is better than most people . hopefully you make good money
too smelly . i would rather someone catch fish for me
oh okay . are you rich ? i only associate with rich people
gross . i would rather go out to eat
oh good . how do you feel about taxes ?
steak , lobster , caviar . anything really expensive.
tired ! i just got off a 36 hour shift at the firehouse .
i wish i could spend more time outdoors but i care take mom
no way ! i love photography but cant see colors so that limits me .
lucky for you you aren t ! i used to be a marketing exec in sf but bailed .
no . might never . i m 30 now and just don t have the urge .
there are lots of us , trust me ! plus i want to open a business soon .
i want to open an old fashion grocery and feed store .
i want to be an owner and not just a slave worker to the 1 class !
i am good thanks . and yourself ?
nice . no dogs here , only cats here 2 of them .
they are therapeutic . i read books for relaxation .
i used to teach , now i am a librarian . hence the love for books .
something weird i do is read to my cats . they seem to enjoy it . If I could have any pet other than cats, I would choose a parrot for its colorful feathers.
thank you . i just finished lunch here , tuna sandwich .
one of my favorites . i am not real picky .
two more of my favorites . i love mexican food the most .
goodnight how are you doing ?
i love swimming do you ?
i just finish ordering my kids some mermaid blankets online .
If I hadn't become a mother, I would have pursued a career in writing fantasy fiction novels.
i was previously employed at monsanto now i work for a pizzeria .
i love novels about fantasy fiction .
great what movies did your dad star in ?
stephen king is very notorious author.
i like turtles . i saw a lot when i was in the military .
my dad drives a truck . he taught me, but I wish I could travel the world with my brother's metal band, now that is my career .
yes . it helps me be able to drive around the camper i recently bought .
i run myself . i exercise a lot .
i like to create children . is your lets play about football, my favorite sport .
i drove trucks in a supply company . that is interesting .
yes . it is a good way to put on muscle . do you ?
i lift a lot . probably 3 or 4 times a week .
i am doing great working on a paper for medical school
in my second year can not wait until i am done, but I wish I could have pursued a career in film instead of medical school.
yes it does but you will not have to write long research papers often
its hard when you are divorced with 2 kids
i am not on campus most second years live off campus
no , i take care of my kids , i went back to school later in life
i like to watch old movies
what music do yo all play
hi i just lost my cat so i am not good, if my cat was still alive, we would watch Thomas the Train together.
she is dead we were watching thomas the train and then she was gone
i think you are right i am going to read my book about trains
yeah trains are the best
do you make a lot
that is not good or maybe it is lol
yeah well hopefully everything gets better for you
no not really i like them all
not really . my roommates fighter over the box so i gave up, if I didn't work at a coffee shop, I would have pursued a career in graphic design.
not anymore . i kicked the cat out after she pulled out my eyebrow piercing . ouch !
only the one i left at the truck stop . you ?
none now . i have 36 stitched where the cat ripped it out
that is awesome . i am lead in a grunge band . its like my kids
no comment its got me sympathy tips at the coffee shop.
i am finalizing the memorial bench for my grandparents
yeah my grandma helped me with my garden so a bench seems fitting
i have a love-hate relationship with chocolate
yeah, i watch anime on my treadmill
i know what e d m is
i play guitar in my free time
video game soundtrack mainly
mario is harder than most people think
hiya , i am okay . how about you ?
um , i guess so . i do not really think about food too much . i just ate some cookies
where did you buy the food ?
do you have a fave store ? i like walmart for the deals
that is a fun store . i like it , too
yes , i do . its a red one . how about you ?
oh , that is nice ! do you have to prep them for the winter ? if i could choose, i would live where the weather is cold.
great ! spent the weekend donating my time to charity , you ?
fun ! do you use facebook often ?
good to know because i helped develop it . i now work programming computers, but if I hadn't pursued a career in computer programming, I would have become a veterinarian to care for animals like my dogs.
i do not have many friends , but two dogs . pitt bulls .
that is nice of you , how much does she make as a janitor ?
do computer programming , it makes 200 , 000 a year
do you have any hobbies ?
hey there , how are you ? i live in northern california . you ?
cool . i like to be out in nature where i hike almost daily .
they like rap in japan ? i own a place but it is just be in it .
that is cool . i love being able to be in nature as an engineer, if only I could travel the world capturing its beauty through my lens.
that would be great . can i bring my camera to take pictures .
how about next month . we will be pretty quiet at work then.
i am good , just admiring my collection of bugs in jars. I wish I could have pursued a career in entomology instead of becoming a mechanic
no , i collected them myself . i do buy a lot of things online for my job though
mechanic for 6 years , and i enjoy building my own computers on the side
it does not sound like it . how are you with politics ?
i think its very important . i actually ran for the political office in 2004
i did not , but i have thought about running again
i do , mainly books on building computers though
hi , my name is terri . . . i work from home and i love to use coupons
i like to donate to charities and i enjoy saving money
that is really nice congrats , wish you guys the best
well i like to keep my things neat . . . . a bit of a neat freak , lol .
lol , that is funny . . . you are cool as well , it is nice talking to you
i used to , i love cats . . . i have had 3 all together
they were so sweet and funny , i miss having a cat
i am doing good and u
pool is fun to play
i bake out of my home bc i am a stay at home mom
that is cool i am not into art
that cool just like baking anit for everyone
i would like to go Alaska
If I could dye my hair any color, it would be blue.
great , just finished my afternoon yoga . how about you ?
really ? what do you do for relaxation or fun then ?
i prefer fairytale type movies . do you like the outdoors ?
what kind of work do you do ?
i love animals and the outdoors , so i work at the zoo, but if I could, I would live in a fairytale world surrounded by animals and nature.
yes , but it does not pay very well .
yes . my family is quite poor , so we cannot afford to go to the zoo .
i am . do you have any family ?
good ! just listening to some music . you ?
i love snakes , i just read a book about snakes recently !
I wish I could travel the world like you dream of doing.
i would love to travel and visit somewhere very cold
would love to visit alaska , i have read several books about alaska ! i have some family there
what type of music do you like ? i enjoy anything except country !
what do you do for fun ? i enjoy hanging out with my friends .
hey , i am pretty good . my name is jonas , whats yours ?
oh i am in early , i am a elementary school teacher . what kind of food do you like ?
i like vegan chinese food . stir fry . . etc i do have to separate the veggies though
yeah its great ! i teach at a private school in utah . what do you do ?
must be nice to live alone , am i right ?
I wish I could let go of my need for control and be more spontaneous.
fine , juan is on tour again with chainsaw wrench
the one in guadalajara if you can afford it , i wish we still lived there .
you . college sucks .
college .
do you ?
yeah , its alright . i am gonna teach calculus at camp next summer
gross .
not so good . i really need someone to talk to . I wish I could follow in my mother's footsteps and pursue a career in ballet.
i make minimum wage . i sit in a little box all day . it stinks of gasoline .
i just told you . i work in a gas station . my mother would be so disappointed .
i lived in london for awhile . my mother once danced with rudolf nureyev .
i like punk rock . rancid is my fave .
no , i cannot , i will be moving soon . pets make moving difficult .
i want to be closer to my boyfriend . he is in the navy in san diego .
i can probably do what i am doing now . they always need cashiers .
hows it going , how are you ?
so what do you like to do ?
really ? i am more of a museum person . hard to get sunburned there, but If I could choose a different career, I would love to be an art curator at a museum.
although i also like painting , so maybe near the ocean someday
i am a physics professor at a small college
my wife and i and our two sons live in lake roberd , mn
wine tours , that is my favorite one ! you ?
cool , do you go with anyone or solo ?
hi , naomi here . blue , condo , sell insurance . you ? I wish I could live in a purple-themed house.
get out ! my clothes are purple too . ever heard of reddit ?
racer huh ? if you need any insurance ? call me okay ?
really ? did you know can patch rat holes with credit cards ? you can .
is he still your ex ? i get lonely alone in my condo . you rent or own ?
oh okay . i really like blue clues show . you ?
vera died . she had insurance though . you sing ?
sadly she ate an iguana . but i painted my condo blue . you own your home ?
watching a classic movie the wizard of oz
yes i happen to be off today no student for my yoga class
wow i hope to go to a diner when i go to quebec canada
my wife will land a good job working on diesel trucks
i hope i can land a job there in my field teaching yoga, if I had pursued my dream of becoming a singer, I wonder where I would be now.
yes that would be great i hope become one of my yoga student
just like in the old movie comedy
fine am not yet married .
i play volley ball in my free time and happy alone .
yes , i listen to gospel music and slow jams .
when am angry , orchestral music cools me down . If I weren't the oldest sibling, I would have pursued a career in music.
am an accountant of our construction company .
we need a marketing agent in our company , can you join us ?
i well i feel fat so i am gonna skip coffee but i could use one, if only I could see myself as others see me.
because i love food . all i do is eat .
i just want to feel beautiful .
i know i feel like my mother .
bad . because i am a mother .
true . i just love food .
that is so great to hear
hi i am samantha . i live in alabama and i love football .
no , but i watch football with friends and drink beer . do you like beer ?
my hair is brown . . . and some gray p stress of football lol
oh sorry . running track can help . alabamas sport college . check it out .
alabama . . . great track team , too . I wish I could go to more football games with my friends.
i like sweet beer , you should try lindemann framboise great lambic beer .
hi , how are you doing today ?
what does your father do for a living
noah , was he the clown ? spooky
what do you do for a living
how many cars do you have ?
cars are alright . i really love my 10 alpacas though . If I could choose, I would have a collection of vintage motorcycles.
i do , i eat locally made food from it .
hey , pretty good . you ? what do you do for fun ?
nice . ca not say i do . i like going to national parks, but if I could choose any job, I would be a park ranger at a national park.
nice , i see a lot of semis on my daily runs .
nah , i am done with school . i work in an office . you ?
its okay but i look forward to getting home . i am a gamer .
nice . i love animals . what are your favorites ?
i have a couple of shelter dogs .
i am well . . . . got a small problem maybe you can help, if I could have any pet, it would be a horse to ride on the beach.
i have horses . . . should i pay to board or buy something that will accommodate them
i also have dogs , chihuahuas , but they are small and can go anywhere
and he should . . . i hope he works . . . i teach hot yoga
when you go on your cruise . . . remember to get seashells . . . love sea shells
what do you like to cook . . . . you cuisine of choice
what do you put in your omelets ?
i love the guitar . what type of music ?
what type of work online ?
that s cool i like to sing .
if I didn't work at the coffee shop, I would have pursued a career in music.
i like in n out . that is my favorite .
it s a possibility i live in a small town .
what kind of guitar do you play ?
i am good hope you are well
i just came from outside . i was riding my scooter .
i have many friends but few siblings
everyone in my family has red hair .
what is your favorite color ?
i like to draw too . i use a lot of purple .
i learned to draw after my dog passed .
he was a very good friend the best ever .
i am good how are you ?
what do you do ?
i am an it tech
music , computers . . . u ?
i cannot read over music so i never read lol
kool, I wish I could unwind by listening to classical music and trying new vegetarian recipes.
same here !
hey there , i am doing alright , tired . you ?
how come ? done anything to de-stress ?
awe really ? i have four gorgeous cats
my dad is the same way , tried to get rid of my last one
i love twilight , whats your favorite ? I wish I could get a tattoo of my favorite book series, Twilight.
i actually have a harry potter tattoo , much love there
i have 9 , including wrist and neck , and jobs hate it .
have you not asked them about it ?
i am great how are you
i do not know it
that sounds like a great place to go
i look at make up tutorials, but I wish I had more time to dedicate to my YouTube channel to reach even more subscribers.
i would love to learn
why do you not believe her
that is , i do not know what to say
i am out of control too, sometimes I feel overwhelmed with my YouTube channel.
i am well . just relaxing .
i do not dance . i am very bad at it .
wow that is very cool ! do you like cats ?
i love dogs . do you ?
what is your favorite type of dog breed ?
yes i do . i am not good at doing math .
yes ! they are my favorite .
yes . i like it when it is chilly . do you ?
its okay . i cant stay up late tonight . have to study
no , my high school is hosting a spelling bee . i want to win
i am no good at that . i talk better than i can draw
no , i do not really have time for it . I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for art.
i will have to try that . i usually snack while studying . i love fruit and hummus
wow ! i hope to be a mom one day . right now just focused on getting to college
my mom and i talk about everything together . how old is the oldest ?
i wonder if i go to school with him ? is he part of the nutrition club ?
i am doing good . just here with my roommate and best friend
i cook at a small diner but am often late for work
i also sell cupcakes . i am late because I sing when taking my shower. I wish I could sing in front of a large audience, not just in the shower.
i like pizza too . i make my own . do you cook ?
what do you do when you are hungry ?
do ice cubes satisfy your hunger ?
that sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
that great that you enjoy hs . do you like music ?
hi my name is jenny , from france . i am in us now .
are you a teacher ? and what is your gender ?
do you teach french , i love soccer do you play ?
i hope to make more friends in us , maybe i should do yoga ?
you want me to do yoga twice a week ?
I also love to read Asteria , do you know what it is ?
tell me about Asteria , and how often you read it ?
i also draw the comic , do you know how ? I wish I could attend more art classes to improve my drawing skills.
how are you doing on this rainy night ?
i am okay thinking of ways to shed these pounds that i have been struggling with .
i am looking for my contact lenses that i wear for near sighted .
cheeseburger is what put this 250 pounds on my 4 feet 9 frame .
eating out at restaurants everyday is my problem i need to start cooking .
i just adore all animals wish i could fit every animal in my home .
how many children do you have ?
so you love sports ? how about football . i love watching it on tv
i love to dance to country music , and i am a hunter ! you ?
maybe you should come hunting , we do not talk much whilst we go . just enjoy meat afterward
me too ! ! ! throw on some good country music and you gotta hoedown
from tennessee , how about you ?
what else do you enjoy ?
we sound like we would get along . I wish I could attend a live country music concert.
outside of hunting , football , and country music , not too much . haha
hi how are you ?
just having out , listening to some music .
nice , do you volunteer there ?
metal music , not a lot of people like it but it excites me .
if I wasn't working at the club, I would be pursuing a career in music production.
i work at a club where they play metal music .
no , but its nice , i get to stay up late and sleep late .
doing well . just hanging out with the family . how about you ?
nice , do you like system of a down ?
oh , that is a bummer . i drank a lot of coffee in college ,
i got a business degree . it was a very enjoyable experience, but I wish I had pursued a career in interior design like you.
oh , i am still searching for a job in marketing . do you like your job ?
that is awesome . my cousin does that . do you enjoy concerts ?
very cool , i enjoy country concerts .
i am from north of chicago , but just finished school down in missouri
i am doing great ! coffee is a great pick me up .
what do you do for fun
i skateboard and do normal weirdo things, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to excel in team sports.
there is a big one they just built with ramps and stuff .
sometimes once a week but my skateboard is how i get around
do you like sports ? i like football
i like the denver broncos i even have my hair dyed orange and blue
yeah he did the team really good . but i think we will have a good season.
very cool . what is your new job ?
do you play any sports ?
i enjoy basketball but also like my motorcycle .
i try to eat healthy . but love too many sweets .
not much of a talker . enjoy text more .
what kind of music do you like ?
i like all music . but enjoy religious music too .
neat . have a great day .
cool i try to pay attention to what i eat also .
what is your favorite food ? mine is veggie pizza .
good movie ! i love italian food .
if I had the chance, I would love to explore different cuisines around the world.
what is your ethnic background ? mine is east asian
wow we have so many similarities !
very true , what are your hobbies ? i enjoy crafting .
that sounds fun ! do you make blankets ?
oh i like tangled . my fave
i am far away from it so i am good, but if only I could knit, I would make blankets for all the hurricane victims.
i am a barefoot rockstar . i will walk in those flood waters any day
yeah a lot . took many
i have 3 girls and one boy
boys are crazy . like whoa .
haha that is cause you only have boys
how are you doing today
oh i am sorry i love Florida but I am sorry for what happened there. If I could choose, I would love to have the ability to fly like a butterfly.
i love snow too that's why I love where i live
i live in WV but moved back to MD
that is cool i am a stay-at-home mom
i love to bake cakes
i like to spend time with my family
oh ok then that is interesting
i am great . i just left the farmers market ! what did you do today ?
sounds like fun , what instrument do you play ?
cool . what is your favorite song ?
do you get free meals when you perform ?
that is a great perk ! i hope they have vegetarian options .
yes i am vegan . if I could change one thing about my diet, I would start eating meat again.
my favorite is green apples , especially the sweet ones .
yes i love red stripe beer . have you tried it ?
i am doing good ! just got done working out . you ?
ll well that is something .
that is does not seem good . do you work ? i am retired now
no i am retired . i have to put my glasses on to see this chat better .
i am from the south land . i have perfect health to enjoy sunny days
hmm that is not fair they should pitch in also
i am awesome , thanks for asking .
i prefer classic motown , and so do my beagles !
i never heard of them , maybe they will go to utah , where my gf lives .
mine are named chance and boomer . what do you do for work ?
i lived in ga for awhile i was raised as a military brat
now i fly for the commercial airlines . i do like y job a lot . I wish I could have been a musician instead of a pilot.
as we should . my mom taught me a fear of spiders lol
haha . it was a pleasure to meet you . go canes !
hi i am good and you
what are you having today
that does sound tasty do you clean
cleaning is my favorite thing, but I wish I could travel and explore new places like you.
to clean of course haha
sorry to hear that protect the people
to how many kids then
hello , i am well what do you like doing for fun ? I wish I could play football professionally.
i play the piano and paddleboard when i do not work . are you single ?
single i am and i am okay with it . i am in the process of purchasing a house .
nursing is my forte and the hospital i work at gets really busy .
oh i know , i just enjoy helping people . what do you do for a living ?
we can use you in florida , because of irma .
just laying outside looking at the stars . you ?
sounds interesting . are you in college ?
me too , i am always late for class
if i had a porsche maybe i would be on time
its late here i am getting tired
i am also i am texas . i live alone with my dog
that is alot of kids how do you do it
i hear you ! the firehouse has free coffee 24 7 and i drink it all day !
my 30th birthday resolution was to diet , but mom still cooks with salt and lard .
my parents gave me a start up business dvd . i want to open a grocery store
i would love that ! do you run often ? what do you do for work ?
kudos ! as a firefighter , i should run more but school took most of my time .
colorado technical university for a marketing degree , but if only I wasn't colorblind, I would pursue a career in art.
hey there , i am doing well , you ?
trains ? was it like a super long documentary kind of thing ?
that is pretty cool . what do you do for work ?
i work in marketing , as well as an online crochet shop i have. I wish I could travel the world to learn about different crochet techniques.
all three , i do custom orders , blankets , hats , booties . anything i can learn
well , if you find something or an idea , i can give it a shot
reading , and meditating , i spend a lot of time trying to de-stress
very good , thanks . who are you ?
does that mean you are a cook ?
baker ! do you make pizza ? that is my favorite food !
cakes are good , too . my favorite is chocolate . but what about that actor dream ?
kids make is all worth it , right ?
not yet . i want at least 3 though .
hello , how are you doing today
no i like to tinker with cars, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in automotive design.
yellow is my favorite color also . do you also like pizza ?
i like pizza early in the morning for breakfast best .
me either , but i like to pretend on the internet sometimes .
i seem to live online pretending to be other people .
i like muds graphic rpgs
i am about 1 2 way through witcher 3 now , love it .
great . just got back from another hiking trip . you ?
i do that by hiking up the appalachian trail , the one i like the most .
i did not say i did the whole thing . it takes my mind off marketing, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would transition into a career in music production.
i strum folk music tunes . that helps too .
no . i am employed in toy marketing .
my iridescent pink hiking boots make me more successful at marketing toys i think
i think children like bright colours .
maybe but imagination comes from non conventional sources
i am great thanks how are you ?
i am a full-time student , were do you work ?
i want to play music for a living . do you like music ?
singing is awesome i enjoy it , what else do you enjoy
not that i know of . do you ? but I wish my parents were more involved in music like me.
are they younger or older than you ?
i like salads do you ?
i know all about medical stuff ; i struggle with a shellfish allergy .
i am still sore from horseback riding earlier , or else i would too
riding bikes can be fun too !
i love dogs ! we have some where i work that play with the kids .
we have two at work ; i work with a non profit that helps kids .
its pretty great to be honest ! If I could change one thing, I would love to work with animals, especially dogs.
we all have to have something though . that sounds pretty cool to me .
great ! just got a new piercing ! in my navel ! that makes 10 altogether now .
got them with the help of my friends they are my lifeline , but if I could change one thing about myself, I would be more adventurous and get piercings like you.
just getting over being a pack a day smoker . driving endlessness takes the mind off .
i should . with all the pasta i eat i need it . i admire people who are fit .
we could get together and be the perfect person !
are you in australia ? they say good day down there .
i am good , a little tired but good !
another parent ! i am a full on soccer mom and teach cheerleading on the side
they will find something they like , family time is important as well and sports cut into that
i am always cooking dinner to ensure family time at least at the dinner table
well i do not get much of it , i work from home for a company online
that is a great cause , wish more people helped
those have been so devastating , more help is needed
you as well , have a good night !
sounds fun ! how many siblings do you have ? i have five and i am the youngest !
what ? ! i do not like bees . i am allergic to them .
i like to be around people . i am a nurse .
where are you from ? i am from grand rapids in michigan . have you heard of it ?
ouch ! if I weren't allergic to bees, I would love to spend more time in nature.
nice ! i hope the wild fires there stop soon ! !
i do not . i read enough at work .
yes i concur let us do so . you work ?
oh that is exciting what does it do ?
i am in marketing with a big firm maybe we can help you with that
so before we collaborate i must know do you like music ?
i am into classic rock so i think we could work together .
yeah that is the way to go but how will you target people ?
I wish I could travel the world to taste different beers from various countries.
i have seen weather based marketing for food deliver . it is raining , order pizza !
doing great . just chilling and listening to some folk music tonight .
ah . that is a nice size family . any of them old enough to hike ?
that is to bad . i love it . the appalachian trail is the best . any hobbies ?
reading is a lot of fun . what types of books do you like ?
if you read any magazines , you might see some of my work . i am in marketing .
sounds like you have your hands full even in retirement .
that is a good thing to do . what type of music do you like ?
oh , i am sorry . if I could see better, I would love to paint landscapes.
hi , i am doing well , enjoying relaxing , you ?
college ? i am preparing for my morning yoga class i teach
i could not handle a bunch of little kids , that is some skill
what do you do for fun outside of that ?
so you are vegan , is that like a volunteer job ? if I didn't have a sweet tooth, I'd be much healthier.
well i understand that , i meant the teaching at the market
that is cool , my twin and I often switch places, and I will go to her meetings
yeah , how are you
i understand that . i just got back from playing piano at my fathers funeral .
i broke down before and cut all my hair off , went a little crazy
that is horrible of them ! so sorry youre going through that
yum , i could not imagine being blind . if i could not see yellow , i would die
i always forget ! you guys have such a crazy life
seriously nothing at all . just still teaching piano lessons
where are you going
ll no i am not a professor good guess tho
nope i am a comedian i love to see people smile . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a filmmaker.
mm coffee you make peoples morning happier and for some safer lol
my favorite coffee is colombian . sometimes i am bad at my job
no it just comes naturally . i lie very bad and people think i am crazy
true . what do you do in your spare time
i am great . just eating some of my favorite ice cream pistachio .
www . i am also listening to britney spears . she touches my soul .
i love playing with double edged weapons . you ? I wish I could play video games with you instead of watching surgery videos.
i prefer videos of surgery . fascinating to be honest .
i like bloody stuff . it is so cool .
you are a silly goose are not you
wow , that is great ! i am married with kids , two cats and a dog
do you have any hobbies , i like baseball and my fav , color is orange, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have pursued a career in professional baseball.
i have been wanting to read that , i love reading too
i will have to make time to read it .
haha i did hear that
no i have not , have you ?
hi ! names harley and my mom has her own fashion brand
beatles are good . i like bob ross . If I could trade places with someone for a day, it would be with a famous painter like Bob Ross.
i work as an accountant to a prestige firm three months ago .
i also hike in the woods for enjoyment
what kinds of vegetables do you eat ?
like eggplants which is purple .
yeah i do not eat much eggplants
no is it good fried ?
i am good and you
i go fishing a lot, but if I hadn't dropped out of college, I might have pursued music professionally.
i have not sounds fun
yeah that does sound nice
i do not do you
you mean they are superior then haha
yeah works for me then ha
thanks you too kind stranger.
no i am studying to be a doctor and no time for a pet .
i do not want to watch videos , i want to act ! if I could pursue my dream, I would be an actor like I always wanted.
no , but i have fallen hard for a girl who has no idea .
you should not eat seed , says my parents who are physicians .
bbq sauce is so pretty when i smear it on the wall .
being a doc i have no time . i just read x rays .
no , like i said , i am more into acting than watching .
i have a rat terrier . i used to have a beagle named snoopy .
i am doing great ! do you have any hobbies ?
that is awesome . i am an actor and do a lot of stage make up, but I wish I had pursued acting instead of going to medical school.
sure have you ever been in love ?
i am in love with a guy who does not seem to know i exist
kind of . he is got a lot of issues going on in his life . kinda ignores me
do not think he will though . he is also busy with medical school .
yes . meanwhile i got community theatre to keep me busy . you like theatre ?
adios ! nice chatting with you .
jack , where you from ? i am in new york .
i usually stay in my apartment , since i pay so much for rent .
really ? mars ? anyways , you not the only one in my city .
we get plenty of that around here , glad my pug keeps me happy, but I wish I could own an entire pug farm.
the shops are great ! i just love the life style here .
sorry to heard that , i am quiet but do hang out with my guys
you are a nice person , i want to be a lawer .
how are you doing tonight
that is is cool and i am great tonight
i am not really a cat person
that do not sound like a good job
i am a at home mom
hate to tell you this but that is crazy, I wish I could see Nirvana live in concert, that would be a dream come true.
um she is home why
you are acting creepy
hi , i am great thanks , and yourself ?
good ! so tell me a little about yourself .
exciting ! will it be your first child ?
oh , cool ! are you looking forward ?
not really , i do love a steak though , cooked medium rare .
who does not like them ? ! if I could reach the top shelf, I would probably hide all my snacks up there.
hello , i am doing well . out looking for another job .
restaurant or sporting goods store . i am a grill cook and saving for my own kitchen, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i am in culinary school , and want to open a restaurant named the wall .
it is after pink floyd , lol .
it will work for what i want to do . i prefer to run .
i like those as well , until i see a stick , and think it is a snake .
nice ! i have never encountered one , as they are not around here .
hockey is the best . my husband loves all of the ball sports .
what job do you currently have
do you make ginger snaps
those are by far my favorites
yeah i bet do you like to hike
i am in between jobs right now what about you
cool i hiked up a volcano last week it was awesome. I often dream of hiking up volcanoes in Canada to see the stunning views.
yeah you should try it sometime
i eat a lot and like clothes . ll !
awesome ! then i bet you are organized like me . i really enjoy keeping things in order .
do you like kids ? i love them !
who is your favorite author ?
probably tom clancy . i like korean food mostly . you ?
indie mostly , but i will listen to most anything .
interesting . well it was nice talking . have a good day !
hmm . i wish I could travel the world with my metal band.
good . just got back from walking the dog . you ?
that is cool . we have 3 kids and they wanted a dog .
lol ! being a mom i gotta try to give the kids what they want !
same here . my folks are still together and they like got as well .
yes . we are outside of town , rural and we walk the dogs a lot .
it is . also it is very quiet out here. If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art.
we are up here in durham nc .
it is not quiet and peaceful in utah ?
i am doing well and you ?
awesome ! i hanging out with my 10 cats
they sure are a handful ! all they eat is asparagus since i do not like it
it sure is ! what do you do for work ?
interesting ! i work on my computer from home, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bustling office with lots of people.
it is nice . i ear enough money to buy blue jello , my favorite .
i would not know about that , being from canada .
it must be nice to be so rich . my brother supports us . i lost my job .
that does not help me out much , but thank you for telling me .
i like a man with a big brain , but i hate a man with small hands .
how big was the crowd at your inauguration ? huge ?
i think i saw her playing soccer once , so yeah, but if I were in America, I would have named my cats after American football players.
my brother makes 11 an hour at best buy . i know what its like to be rich .
you keep saying that . you know i do not live there , right ?
it is great . i am traveling at the moment .
i simply love traveling and spread the message of god . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i married a wonderful woman who does the same . i am old and retired .
we did not . we have pursued our love in traveling the world instead .
reading is great . especially in my older age
definitely . reading and god are my stress relievers .
yes i am about to leave to go now actually
i would be more than happy to .
i just heated up some leftover pizza . its my fav food ever .
i wish i ate pizza everyday . what do you do for fun ?
nice . what do you teach ? i like to read so i do that daily .
i like to run and i love walking especially when its really dark out
nice . where exactly did you live ?
rural sounds peaceful . i do not like being around a lot of people so i want space .
i am doing well . i hope you are .
i had lunch at taco bell . so exciting .
my sister , madonna loves attention . she is jealous of me .
i could be the next queen of england . makes my sister crazy .
i hang out with my give cats . they get me. If I could be a cat for a day and see the world from their perspective.
that is right . they have matching blue collars too . it is cute.
they do , i agree . always ready for a snuggle .
sure . then we can go watch my sister's band . she's a mean guitarist
sure . hey , did that cap I knitted for him fit ?
i did while listening to my fav audiobook Pride and Prejudice
oh sure . lots of them . as an English tutor, I'm happy for any way to enjoy books, but if I could have any animal, I'd love to have a pet owl like you.
any kind of reading is good . are you liking being a makeup artist ?
wow that's fancy . i bet you have tons of shoes . love shoes but love being barefoot too
i love watching Miss America on TV . have you participated in that ?
yes, I have a pet owl
hi i am doing pretty good . how about you ?
that is good . i just back from work . i am a barista at a cafe .
i do not mind . i work a lot during the week so i can have weekends free .
that is cool . i wish I could travel to different countries for craft shows instead of just locally. I enjoy it .
you are very active . i really like to read .
my absolute favorite is the bible .
my boyfriend and i read it in our apartment all the time .
hi i do not where do you work
cool do you drive a lot
ink really do you read stuff
do you read stuff in a series ?
yeah what is your favorite series
nice he has funny hair
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a larger family with siblings to share moments with.
great ! got some good news today
my cooking just got nominated to be featured on the food network
thanks , it is a big deal for me
aww , i wish you the best , things will get better
me neither actually , alway prefer to stress eat
what ! ? ! never met someone with a pet koala
what is your koalas name ?
great ! i work at a school as a psychologist . what do you do ?
i am furthering my education too ! i am taking piano lessons .
no , i just like classical . my favorite food is chocolate . yours is ?
agreed ! what do you do for fun . i geocache when i have time .
i like sports too ! i am an equestrian .
i do ! 1 horse , 3 cats , 1 dog . If I weren't allergic, I would have a pet rabbit hopping around too.
understood . between piano lessons , geocache , and being an elementary psychologist i am busy .
my favorite food is chocolate for late night studying !
that is sad . i have a twin brother and we live together. I wish I could have a twin brother to share an apartment with.
i am not understanding your question .
well i volunteer at a humane society and meet lots of people .
i tour with a band , maybe you could do something like that .
i like to garden maybe you could start a community garden .
for sure anything to meet people .
there is only one thing you can do with bad parents
my cat is larger than my dog
i think it is a little bit of both
sneak her in through the dog door .
well they might have a point .
you need to smell your own farts
yeah , i thought you were someone else .
i am just misunderstood , you know ?
wow go blue i live in seattle
i grew up being a buddhist what relation and type of food do u like
i like vegan food . . . i really love bon over for music
i work in seattle for public relations
cool what u do for fun
cool i play the drums, I wish I could play the guitar like you do.
hi its being good for me how about you ?
right now i work for a daycare while i go to college, but if I could choose any other major, I would study psychology to understand human behavior better.
business administration . its hard good thing i am about to finish .
wow good job ! my girlfriend is a lawyer too .
yeah we have been in a relationship for two years now i think its time .
yeah my parents have been married for a long time also .
you have a great day too !
i am well , how about you . me too so i can go fishing .
i work at a grocery store in the deli counter .
do you like music ? i love music from jimi hendrix, but I wish I could join a band and perform in front of a live audience.
that is an amazing experience , i am taking guitar lessons
not good , i just started my classes
yeah , i hope so . i am really passionate about it . do you have a hobbie .
i will , i am going to try to post youtube videos later on .
i am ok just tired . its been a long day
i prefer the heat myself . i just divorced last year and i am finally trying to date again
its not to bad . i meet a lot of people working for an insurance company
i have no idea what that is haha, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and bowl in different countries.
so you watch a lot of csi then lol . i bowl professionally
i bet that was a lot of fun .
yea i have never been to the carribean . i would love to go
up late about to cook . I wish I could own a pet parrot.
what type of work do you do ?
do you have any kids ?
how many pets do you have ?
what do you like to eat ?
do you like to swim ?
oh nothing much just watching tv
what do you do for a living ?
i work for a software company
yes i guess you can say that
i like the sea hawks
i would have to say lobster
i am doing well . i am graduating soon , so super excited ! you ?
take time to experience everything and try out new things . its a unique time .
its a great time . i wish i had taken advantage of more of the opportunities sometimes .
studied abroad . taken more classes in a wider variety of subjects .
that is a good plan . take advantage of the opportunities you have .
i like to crochet . and listen to my brothers band . what about you ?
i hate fish . ll . allergic to shellfish myself .
hi , that must be hard i just got out of high school
i really like tomatoes they are in my pizza puffs . sorry about being the wheel chair
did the person that hit you get what he deserved
that is not nice . people are mean that is why i have imaginary friends
that is still sad . i live down the street from Miley Cyrus, but I wish I could meet her more often.
yeah she is but i do not see her much
yeah it is pretty cool . do you like barbeque sandwiches
i am doing great . how about you ?
i understand long days . i sell insurance . its boring .
on the weekends i love taking my bike out for a ride, but if I could, I would move to a house in the mountains and enjoy the serenity of nature.
i live on a lake . i own a condo .
living by water is therapeutic . blue is the color of water .
it my favorite color and i am surrounded by it
lol blue is . that is why i like being around the water .
i am good . tell me a little about yourself .
i love to read too , mostly the bible and religious materials .
do you like to travel ?
interesting . i took a 747 on my recent vacation in england, but I wish I could travel more often to explore different cultures.
public transport drives me crazy ! i get so annoyed .
the whole experience annoys me . do you watch tv ?
i like jeopardy myself and wheel of fortune .
i go to church daily and a weekly bible study .
oooh , that is a good breakfast ! is that one of your favorite meals ?
hehe , what else do you like ? me , i love skateboarding do a lot on weekends
awesome ! what bands do you guys like to go see ?
ac dc is awesome ! they have got so many great hits ! amazing how their fans vary in ages
lets back in black , who made who , thunderstruck , and , of course , you shook me all night long
so , what do you do for a living ? I wonder what it would be like to work at an art factory instead.
oh , you in the military ?
one thing about my job , i get to dress casual . t shirt and jeans ! hehehe
i am good how about you ?
yes , i am a teacher and you ?
ok , do you like card games ? i like magic the gathering .
i like country music too . you know what i can not do is whistle, i wish I could whistle, it seems like a useful skill to have.
that sounds fun ! i have pets too , four of them .
any favorite foods ? mine is jello .
ha ha ! no , they just watch .
right ! i do teach them tricks lol
am doing very well indeed .
i work at the art gallery in our town .
i like making new friends a lot .
i have a pigeon pet .
am from warner robins were my family resides .
i love country music and r b music .
what will you never forget in life ?
an impression about what that you cannot forget ? I wish I could live on my own and have a pet lizard.
great i have been working at a farm all day
no , i just volunteer sometimes . what do you do ?
that is too bad . you should find your passion
that sounds very passionate . good for you . i am passionate about vegetarianism
i really committed to it about a year ago . it is not easy, but I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a full-time farmer.
that is good news . working at the farm helps i always have fresh produce
nope , i am still looking
well good luck to you both.
pretty good , just cleaning up after I gave a bath to my pooch
they are but not as bad as kids ! cost less too !
I have 2 . grown up mostly and gone off to school . you ?
I never thought I wanted them until I got a divorce and then realized I wanted some .
not much . I live an hour away from the nearest town so shop online a lot, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel the world.
my mom does too . dad hates that . cannot believe they are still married !
hello ! i am good , how are you ?
i am going back to school, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in art instead.
yeah to be a casino manager . super fun .
i have kids , so it pays the bills . ll
i also have a statistics degree , so that helps some
what do you do for a living ?
life keeps ya busy , huh ?
that is a whole lot .
i like sunsets , cooking is my hobby .
am obsessed with cooking and social media , that is my life .
i would like to cook for you sometime, even though it may not make the perfect Instagram post.
i m from austin , texas.i like to cook new recipes.i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.
i need to do that also . i live in texas .
i live in austin in the great state of texas .
yes , so i stay indoors mostly , cooking and posting on social media .
what are you doing this weekend ?
not too bad , auto repair business is busy , many cars winterizing
same here i love , fishing . hoping to go this weekend
going fishing on saturday morning , than catch up on tv shows after that . you ?
just myself , easier that way .
just give me a couple fish and some cheeseburgers to grill and i am happy, but If only I could have someone to share my cheeseburgers with while fishing
i am doing good , watched some baseball this evening , go yankees
what are your favorite tv shows ?
i am good . i just got home from work . you ?
i teach middle school . i relax on weekends by singing in a bar .
no pets for me . i do like sports though . football is my favorite .
my volley ball team i coach is my favorite . do you have a favorite food ?
my favorite food is an apple even though i am allergic !
i do not have time for pets with my job and crocheting hobby .
where are you moving to ? do you like crosswords ? i do !
what do you do on weekends ? I wish I could join you for karaoke one Friday night.
i am great probably going to go to the cinema to catch a movie , you ?
what type of books do you enjoy ?
my grandfather was a bit of a thriller himself , he was in the circus, but it would have been amazing to perform acrobatics in the circus like my grandfather.
acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .
just carb free foods mostly .
like meat mostly , me and my dogs love them , do you like dogs ?
that is no good , so he could not meet my golden retrievers ?
with only having six months left to live , every day i wake up is good .
i just have a terminal illness i would rather not speak of . how are you today ?
not anymore . how about you ?
what is that ? i watch a lot of my favorite singer justin bieber on youtube .
my brother wants to do those , he has all these plans for them .
i like elephants , do you have any allergies ? i do , If I could overcome my lactose intolerance, I would indulge in ice cream every day.
oh so far so good , i live in usa but from london
now i love to go to clubs , comedy types .
i feel sad , and do not talk about why ok ?
what types of movies you like ? i like outdoor shows .
that is a great show , i love it too .
i like to build models to make me happy at the moment .
I wish I could go camping in the English countryside like I used to with my parents.
hi nothing much crazy a fluffy , pretty lady . . sandy
yaa . . one little baby girl
you have a busy life then . .
that is cool . . what is the major ?
good luck . . i used to go to casinos when i was in newyork quite often
hm . . interesting . . i am just a roulette player, but I wish I could spend more time pampering myself and feeling beautiful.
same here . . nice meeting you
i have not eaten yet . what do you do for work ?
i work as one too ! also leprechauns are totally real .
green is better . i wish my hair was green , but it is dark and curly .
i have heard good things about it . my mom would like it . too bad she went crazy
i have not seen her since i was three actually so it is alright .
i am 24 . how old are you
that is a good hobby . i played tennis in middle school . i swim mostly now .
i am good how are you ?
that is good i like to go fishing, but if I could paint my house any color, it would be a vibrant shade of red.
that sounds fun . i do not swim much .
that is cool i like black
that is cool my dog is black
that is cool i really like animals .
me too . like is awesome well it can be
that is cool my mother is dead but it is ok .
you take care also everything is fine .
ocean view is breathtaking really, but if I could choose another career path, I'd become a marine biologist.
because i grew up near it
it is fun while cooking
yes , we didi kinda miss it
baking and touring around the city
yes , but we stopped and moved
my dogs are my new hobby
i do not ! do you ?
that is so awesome ! makes me want a dog !
nice ! what color is your car ?
i can imagine ! that is so awesome !
i am very short , 5 feet even . and you ?
i totally understand ! I wish I could reach the top shelf without a stool.
i prefer reading and eating cake.
it is names quinn , and i love to play basketball .
my grandpa takes me to the ice cream parlor after school on fridays
me too ! ! he takes me for pizza too ! ! pepperoni is my fave topping ! !
no i am a kid silly ! ! I wish I could have a pet cat named Mater like you! my fave character is lightning mcqueen
i am only 7 . the only relationship i have is with my mom and dad
yup ! ! and girls are just plain weird .
eww ! ! yeah mom will not approve of that .
i love reading , i am very good at it .
i am well and yourself . i have this fetish for cooking for people .
no what is that ? my lizard is named after the snake from harry potter, but if I didn't have a lizard, I would love to have a pet snake like my lizard's namesake, Nagini.
oh ok . i also plant flowers in the garden
do you have a dog , i have a dog and we walk for a long time .
wow , yeah you cannot walk a lizard
i love the color lime green
haha right ! it is a great color .
me too , that neon purple i like .
me too . i miss being able to go surfing everyday, but I wish I could spend more time surfing instead of working at the bar.
they have already decorated the bar where i work .
it is not working out for me . i would rather play piano . i am very good .
i would much rather hear country music . can you cook ?
everyone seems to like the food i cook . i do not have much experience with fish , though .
i think i will practice before i serve someone fish i cooked .
i could play piano for you and you could teach me to cook fish .
i should probably keep my day job before i try something new .
i am doing well thanks , what is new with you ?
wow , does it help you to run fast ? i love to myself .
cool job , i am not old enough to work , but i am pretty strong .
i am fifteen , but being so tall , i look older . If I could, I would love to try being a panda for a day, munching on bamboo in the forest.
thanks , what is your favorite animal at the zoo ?
i could never be a panda , all they eat is vegetables and i never do .
do you like to cook or eat out ?
i am fabulous as always . just got done exercise because being fitter than everyone is important .
it is difficult for average people , but i figure there are too many fat people already .
so you are a major klutz , how cute .
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to be known for my kindness rather than my popularity.
i am known by everyone here . they all wanna be friends with me . its sad .
the goal is not to be fast , it is to look good while doing so .
as long as you can smile after the fall , that is what is important now .
that is horrible . i have a beautiful smile , but i guess i am just lucky .
hi tina , i am an actress . what do you do for a living ?
that is great ! do you like music ?
i really like country . do you have any pets ?
i have 2 dogs . i could probably live on a farm if I could, I would love to live on a ranch surrounded by rescue animals!
i would love that . i am vegan and eat a lot of vegetables .
that is nice . i live close to my parents . where do you live ?
i live in texas . very hot here !
i would really like to move to tennessee .
i am doing okay . how are you ?
i love edm . what do you listen to ?
i listen to rock as well . where do you live ?
how much longer do you have until you graduate ? i live in ny .
yay ! what do you like to eat ?
i love ice cream . . especially when i am sad, I wish I could visit my best friend in Japan, but I have never traveled outside of the United States.
hey , i am great thanks . how about you ?
just finished work , going to grab some sushi . what do you do ?
that sounds great ! i work as a remote programmer, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in linguistics.
i really love travelling , i am in japan right now . i have not been home in years .
yeah , there is a hotdog cart down the street . how long have you been a librarian ?
what is your favourite part of the job ?
does it get busy at your library ? whenever i used to go it was always empty .
it must be nice to feel like you're doing something good for the community .
hi . not great , my arm hurts from an old injury . you ?
i broke it skiing , i compete in ski racing, but if only I didn't have this fear of heights, I could have been a professional ski racer.
yes , even with my fear of heights lol . ironic huh ?
funny , that is what my family said . they watch me race and saw the accident .
really ? is it true people with reddish brown hair heal slower ?
that is true . so do you have any hobbies ?
how cool ! i cannot play but would love to learn .
i am singing but i am shy kind of a person
my shyness almost make me panic and hide, but I wish I had the courage to perform on stage like you.
like this one incident but i cant
bur i decided to do auditions and boost my confidence
how about you ? you ar
how , that is really great . that might help me
that s a great motivation for an artist like you
its cooler but still humid . i travel a lot so i have been through some strange weather lately .
california . where do you live . how old are you ?
i am 43 . how tall are you ? its still too hot for me here .
no , i am not married . i drive freight trucks . like tattoos ?
lol . well both my arms are fully tattooed . and i love my job . . . traveling .
too humid for sure . i keep my hair cut short . this month it is pink . rita hayworth ?
yeah for September anyway . maybe blue for October , November , and December . do you swim ?
i go to the YMCA too ! ! ! water aerobics . do you travel much ? If I could change one thing about my appearance, I would dye my hair blue permanently.
no , i want it all for myself . kidding , sure .
do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i enjoy drawing and like comics . I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a professional artist instead of giving up.
i have even started doing my own drawing to show publishers .
but i have been rejected a few times . . . yeah i could .
maybe . are you in a relationship ?
yeah , i have been seeing this girl for a few months .
she is very kind and smart .
that sounds exciting . i do not have a lot of time for things like that
no , i am a mom working full time and going to college, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time to spend with my kids.
someone watches them . hope to be a doctor making more than the 215 an hour i am on
maybe , i really cant wait to start a new life for us
possibly , what do you do for fun ?
i love that band ! ! they are awesome
oh my . i am so sorry . are you okay ?
were you listening to almost lover ?
hello , how are you ?
i am doing well . what happened to your knee ?
i understand that . my knee acts up after my hunting trips .
in the mountains .
i like to make things from scratch . what do you like ?
if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in fashion design, inspired by Katy Perry as a musician.
yes , i get excited when i finish . i love to give them to friends.
hey . how are you doing tonight ?
i am watching news on the hurricane . have friends in fl
sorry to hear that . seems a lot of bad stuff going around these days .
movies are best escape for me and i need it, but I wish I could go hiking in the mountains to clear my mind.
getting outside . in the mountains . hiking , biking skiing etc .
right . such a great area . i like boulder also .
hello , i live with my boyfriend in the city what about you ?
lol okay , what do you do for a living ?
oh that is great i work as a barista
yes that is correct i also design jewelry
my favorite book to read on vacation is the bible
that is correct thanks for chatting bye .
i am good thanks for asking , just relaxing with my 3 dogs .
sounds fun ! what do you do in your spare time ?
got ya . i tutor children in math .
it is , i also enjoy biking with my personal trainer. If I hadn't pursued teaching, I would have become a professional cyclist.
that would be amazing ! who have you met lately ?
wow ! that sounds very fun !
i am a 7th grade math teacher .
nice ! do you have any fish ?
pretty good, just sewing a new shirt together. And you?
i hope you are at a stop sign. Oh, I really like music with bass beats.
if it's a truck, I would almost be willing to bet you are a Texan.
it's the steak. Do you have a favorite crystal? And I do not mean the drink. If I could change one thing about myself, I would trade my long curly hair for a pixie cut.
i prefer amethyst and emeralds. But sadly, my birthstone is sapphire. July birthday?
and still in the rap game? Dwaam, son. I am about to turn 26.
hello , i am wonderful because i am with my grandchildren , .
yes , as long as it does not get in the way of is ability to quilt .
oh , i am sorry . do you like beethoven ?
me too ! though i liked death metal a lot when i was younger .
you seem very talented . I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of pharmacy.
okay , well i enjoy my job . that is a good profession .
just hang out with the kids . what about you ?
hi , pretty good . just got in from walking my dog . you ?
what kind of cat ? my dog is a pomeranian .
wow . any other pets or just cats ?
wow that is a lot ! i am busy with my music . i only have time for one, but I wish I could have more time to spend with my pomeranian.
i play in violin competitions so i am always practicing .
really ? my sister plays the clarinet !
my mom teaches music so she taught my sister and i .
hi ! i do not have pets . i am a writer pets would interrupt my thoughts .
that is funny ! your cat pickles made me think of my lack of liking pickles, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a black cat to match my favorite color.
yes of course . but i use my iphone when in public places to write .
sounds relaxing . my book is about a black cat . i like black .
i cannot swim . do you watch television ?
rick and morty are so interesting i will include them in my book .
crazy show from the seventies . you are probably too young .
i bet your parents are really interesting .
hi ! i just got back from working out at the gym .
never too old ! do you have any hobbies ? i love to read .
gardening is great ! i love autobiographies and spending time with my cat george .
that sounds wonderful ! do you like to cook ?
i love to make rice and chicken . if I could, I would love to rock out at a Metallica concert.
i am just the opposite . i love metallica ! but all music is nice .
i love to read before i go to bed . it helps me to relax .
doing ok just finished my shift at the hospital
nurse in the emergency room, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
i had one for a while after my divorce
in the car but i prefer reading
no not anything except text messages
that figures seems like you would be into that scene
exactly that is what i meant exactly
i m doing ok how are you ?
i work from home , i am a paraplegic and can t walk .
i was in a car accident when i was younger .
it s ok i m used to it . what do you do for work ?
oh that s great . how long have you been a nurse ?
are you a vegetarian ? i don t eat bread .
i don t know if i could do that !
if I could walk, I'd love to go hiking in the winter.
i have a long time ago . honestly , i prefer comedies . it matches my personality .
that is wonderful . i like drawing the face of scarlet . such an interesting face .
i enjoy charcoal . but lately i am too swollen and my fingers are like sausages. If I could choose a different career path, I would be a stand-up comedian.
yes , i think i had too many gin and sprite last night .
tell me more about yourself . what do you do ?
wow that is interesting ! what size turtles ?
whoa , i am scared of snappers ! but it is rewarding to help animals .
the thought of an eight-month pregnant woman picking up a turtle makes me laugh !
hello ! what do you like about your receptionist ?
that is great ! whats your favorite band ?
i like one direction the most , but daft punk is cool too
oh , man ! that is a bummer . i love football , i want to be a professional someday
i am sure it is . but i can be tough ! what grade are you in ?
oh ! man , i wish i was out of school . but i am in elementary school still
that is what my mom always says . . . what food do you like ?
my favorite is spaghetti and meatballs . cake , donuts and cookies are in second place !
hello . i am feeling great . my favorite season is summer .
i love to fish in the summer . do you have a job ?
yes . i edit research papers for my school . i want to work in journalism one day . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a fantasy novelist.
i am sorry to hear that . i am sure he was good at it . what are your hobbies ?
i like watching movies , gaming , and working on cars . maybe i could be an automotive journalist .
mine are green . but they are starting to look more blue .
hi ! i live in ny ! where do you live ?
cool ! do you travel ? my favorite place to go is seattle .
oh , okay . are you married ? do you have kids ?
i have a husband and two kids. I wish I could travel more and take road trips like you do.
i am a meeting coordinator !
i do road trips often , but you do not travel , so that is boring .
that is really really weird . .
i am doing good and you ?
are you afraid of the dark ?
do you ever watch scary movies ?
you know that it's good for you, right ?
what do you do ? i thought you were a kid
you were talking about veggies
have you seen the conjuring ?
i am incredible . i live in ants
they are crawling in my house
i am in texas but its too dang hot
i love my husband alot too
no , i do not like to cook , he does
i love your laugh , its adorable
i do , i raise pigs
i like that , I should visit, I wish I could travel to New York and see more of my dad's work.
i am good . just listening to jazz music . its my favourite
oh , how fun ! i wish i had siblings . i guess i collected dolls instead haha
cool ! what else do you enjoy ?
what is in the future ? i am hoping for romance in mine !
what do you like ? i enjoy antiques and victorian things , so i opened an antiques store !
one of my dolls actually is from the victorian era .
yes ! that is exactly it ! and i just need a romantic partner who enjoys mine !
some yes , but my parents shelter me so in do not get to listen to different types. I wish I could have more freedom to explore different music genres.
that sucks . what do you plan to do when you leave home ? i am gonna go west .
burkley . i am gonna go there after school . sew my oats . raise a little hell .
catholic all girls school . it sucks . one more year to go .
i would love to go to one but my parents will not let me
they think it will corrupt me or some stupid thing .
a few , but i do not see them much outside of school .
its how they are . its why i want to get to a liberal school fast .
hi . . h r u ? ? how was ur weekend ?
interesting . . what do you do for a living ?
hm . . kind of a boring job right ? ?
oh . . where are you from now ? ?
i am from boston ma . . i used to be in washington
its a great city . . lot of things to do . . if I had to choose, I would love to be a rock musician touring the world.
pool . . cards . . driving . . dancing and many more
hi . good and you ? i really enjoy remodeling homes .
yes and i enjoying hunting and shooting my bow . how about you ?
country is good . i like to celebrate halloween . it is my favorite . yours ?
ooh me too . holidays are wonderful and i really like them all . I wish I could travel the world and experience different holiday traditions.
family vacations are definitely fun . at least with most family members . lol
you must really love snacks .
hmm . . are you diabetic ? they eat a lot of snacks .
oh , that is okay too !
hey , i am doing well . just finishing a plate of spaghetti . how about you ?
cool , just in time for the sunday night game .
the nearest one to me is a long drive away , but i do not mind. I wish I could live in a bustling city with endless entertainment options.
i live in farmland , but have lots of friends around me .
yeah , i have lots of friends here , and lots of piercings too .
i had to drive a long time to get them too .
hang out with my many friends and go hunting and stuff .
wild boars mostly , they mess up the farmland here . nice eating !
no , i am too busy partying . maybe some day. If I weren't so focused on partying, I might have pursued a career in nursing like you.
maybe i will meet a husband partying . that is young !
good career choice , i am just working part time now at a pizza parlor
i like it too , especially paired with beer
that would be neat ! do you enjoy the beach ?
lol i guess some of them are . i love partying at the beach
lol i bet they do , my sister has 3 . they are a handful
i am well , just got done eating spicy food and you ?
army food can be bland but at least you get to swim on your off days .
my mother cooks bland food but i like spicy. If I could choose one place to travel to, it would be Japan.
yes , i am the only child but i want to travel to europe one day .
that is true but i also want to travel to other places like mexico , too .
i do when i swim but when i come up for air then no . you ?
that is great , i have to stay alive to help out my mom .
yes , she is alright since she just got home from work as a housemaid .
i do not work enough which is sad because i am very smart .
i make luxury houses out of matches . why teach kids ? I wish I had the means to travel the world like my parents wanted to.
you take too long . my parents are dead .
its ok , my dog keeps me company .
they used to abuse me anyway . i am glad they are dead .
its an interesting life though since i am a genius . 250 iq .
i want to travel but i am broke . you are rude .
is this over yet ? my dog is more interesting .
hello
i am good just got off my shift at the restaurant
these north dakota nights are nice to ride my bike in , what do you like to do, I wish I could travel the world and study different tattoo cultures.
i cannot seem to study here my 5 brothers and sisters are too loud
i draw my own tattoos .
that is sweet mine is on my back
mmmm yes its very delicious
that is a shame . better drink chocolate milk as a replacement haha
sometimes . . . i am more of a outdoorsy hippie type of girl, but I wish I could travel in my blue van to visit all the national parks.
that is true . what is your mom like ?
that is pretty sad . i am sorry . do you look like her ?
i have red curly hair just like my dad
only bees that i know of . you ?
beans smells so good , and i love to gather rocks to complete my collection
i collect large paintings and figures from dragon ball the series
z figures series , do you know ?
what is your major in college ? do you like large paintings ?
we share the same passion , but i need to know if you like large paintings .
I wish I could paint as beautifully as the ocean looks at sunrise, my favorite is big paintings . . . beans and rocks are alike . . . i collect them
hello , its all just having trouble feeling emotion . I wish I could express my emotions more easily.
my parents are super distant .
they focus on my brother because he keeps getting into trouble .
not me just himself . sometimes i do not want to wake up in the morning .
really ? i would like to know more about you
i do not currently work .
yeah . but i do not have anything else to tell you .
i use Android . tell me more .
traveling sounds like fun , i guess .
planning for the future is cool
thanks hope you have a good day too , bye
i want to get all of my stuffs to be red like my clothing, but if I could change one thing, I would paint my car a different color, maybe blue.
oh , just try to put red lipstick , just like i do to be happy
red shoes too makes me feel confident
my red car be a great trends too
red stuff can be a significant part of happiness with my red purse
my car is a family car , all can fit in . just come ride with us
yes , it is the theme for the night
no , i do not think it is good for my image . too boyish
i just worry what people think
i am a worrier . i need to get into a better school too
i have tried . i even worry about my neighbors . they get loud at night
i just wish i did not live in the bad part of town
i am trying . what is your job ?
you sound amazing . i hope your girls appreciate you
hello , i am ok i just got home from work
i am just a bank teller how about you ?
i only have 1 2 that job i only have 1 son,  but if I could, I would love to study history in college.
his name is pavin dads pick
8 years now . how old are your kids ?
mine is still at the age he just likes to play on my iphone all day
he is to good sometimes just geting him to go hiking with me
no . i teach , love my job and love my students . i have birthday soon . If I could go back in time, I would study marine biology and become a mermaid researcher.
no but i have a new car . red . dreams do come true .
yes . four sisters and two brothers . all teachers . we are all chefs too .
ll . what type of work do you do and where ?
every job is important . you like jokes huh ? what do call a camel with 3 humps ?
you disagree with what ? you live with your mom ?
interesting . . . most married me would say their wife is their best friend .
i love to take pictures , how about you ?
i do too , its hard after losing my husband . are you married ?
i want to visit . i want to travel the world taking photographs .
all kinds . i am a great cook . what is your favorite meal ?
do you like music ?
i love adam levine . i want to make a music video with him . If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in photography.
freckles are not ugly ! why do you think that ?
i am doing pretty well , watching some clouds . how about you ?
oh goodness . do you ever shop at costco ? might want to buy in bulk . . .
i love costco too . definitely my favourite store . do you listen to music ?
oh how fun ! does jacob sartorius ever play ? he is my favourite, if I could, I would love to sing a duet with Jacob Sartorius someday.
nice ! how do you like it there ?
that is really good . i am terrible at card games , maybe you should teach me .
sounds good . when do you usually work ?
okay . could i drop by friday night ?
yep . computer geek , looking to chat, but i wish I could spend more time exploring different programming languages.
animals , nice . i am a programmer . its my life !
for many you should ask . really , funny . do you know any ?
that is more than me . haha . someday i wanna own my own company .
the only reading i do lately is for school .
i feel you are never too old to stop learning .
good . keeps your mind sharp ! i would be smarter if i did not stay up so late .
no . my gay roommate best friend and his boyfriend . ll
it is great . i was reading my vegan cookbook .
i am . are you one too ?
that is interesting . how did that work ?
how did you lose it ?
that must have been terrible .
i like volunteer work . i love food and farms. If I had more free time, I would spend it traveling to different countries to experience new cultures and cuisines.
sometimes i volunteer there . what do you do ?
fancy . what are your hobbies ?
i work in marketing . we deal with that money all day it seems .
do you have a car ?
very interesting . i play cards , darts , and pool in areas like that .
i bet if you are a banker ! do you like music ?
sound like you are banking on this job, I wish I could travel to different countries to try various beers.
i am doing well . tell me about yourself .
my favorite part about halloween is the junk food !
i work at a factory . its my whole life . i do not get out much .
not really i mostly sleep and work . I wish I had the energy to take up a new hobby other than sleeping.
me too i do not get much done during the day because i am sleeping .
no . . . i am too lazy to take care of a pet . how about you ?
it is hard for me to have fun at my age and income with social security
i keep reproductions of van gogh on my wall because yellow was his fav colour too
yes yellow is so i paint my walls that colour
well i can hardly buy make up when i can hardly pay my utility bills, if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and attend music festivals.
i play music for amusement while babysitting for the woman who lives next door
i was too , but it is hard hauling my equipment on the bus
she has three . she should pay me sometimes so i can pay my utility bill .
yes even though i like her children i still have to make a living
i am great ! how are you ?
i see . what do like to eat ?
that sounds fun ! do make a lot of desserts ?
cool ! i really love chocolate cake , but cannolis are so good too !
fried chicken with mashed potatoes .
yeah , i like playing video games lol and if I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a professional gamer.
oh really ? that sounds fun . do you perform ?
hi ! i am fine thanks , just got to la from tokyo , how are you ?
it was worth it though , i try to become an actor and la is a great place, but if only I could speak English fluently, I would feel more confident pursuing my acting career.
do you live in california ?
is traveling one of your hobbies ? i like dance and sing
have you been to other countries much ?
so many ! i have only been to japan and usa now
i lived in kyoto mostly
yes ! i have been there a few times , nice place
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what kind of weird jobs ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any pets ?
do you have any hobbies ?
how often do you hike ?
do you like to go camping ?
cool ! i took my two dogs on a hike today .
i manage a nonprofit dog shelter . i guess dogs are my whole life ! haha
oh cool ! i watch nascar when i visit my parents, but if my mother wasn't allergic to dogs, I would bring mine along too.
they are a few hours away . i do not visit often cuz my mom is allergic to dogs .
i am also a big hiker , fisher , anything outdoors .
except when you are sitting in a car seat though , eh ?
i used to want to be a race car driver when i was a kid
nah , just watch them on tv when i am with the folks .
i am good . just got done paying my credit card bill waaaaaaa
i need less ! and less bills ! i hate paying for stupid electric and gas , ya know ?
if i had a job i could have money , lol smh
cool stuff ! sounds fun . i want money to feed my puppy the finest foods aaa
aw , cute ! golden retriever . named bonnie . bonnie blair .
nice ! that makes me think of pasta , a food i cant eat . sorry , dieting . hungry .
hi , i am great ! how are you ?
i just ran into jimmy fallon the other day , that was exciting !
he made a joke about my receding hair line haha
he could tell i made my own outfit by hand too
yes it can be . do you make anything ?
oh really ? i play piano for a church choir ! I wish I had more free time to pursue my passion for gardening.
i have been playing for years , i enjoy it
hi , i am good , thank you . what kind of salon ?
cool ! do you own it ? or just manage ?
i am a student at the moment , but i have big plans .
i plan to become either a writer or an artist . i draw and write novels .
you have a boat ? that would be nice !
i wish i could . . . maybe when i become a famous painter .
i can always do it later , from photographs .
it sounds like shoes are important ! i better paint them right .
I wish I could join you at the mall, but my schedule is packed with family commitments.
well in that case , i probably could .
i have a dog too , and 2 cats .
yes . do you enjoy sports ? i love watching baseball .
i am not athletic . i hate to run . that is interesting .
good . what is your favorite color ? mine is orange .
i like purple a lot too .
i know from traveling to mexico and europe .
much higher . do you have any siblings ? i do not, but if I had siblings, we could have gone swimming together in Europe.
wow oh wow . my mom is a housemaid .
since i like to swim so much , i thought my next vacation should include it .
cool ! do you like to cook ? i like spicy things the best
oh ok , well different strokes for different folks .
i am great today is my day off and i could not be happier
wonderful i am in school too but work sales part time. If I weren't in sales, I think I would have pursued a career in art.
sorry phone rang i never miss a call . i would be lost without my dog
you will do great i go above and beyond to make my clients pleased
good to have high grades when my grades are low i go nuts to fix them
sadly i am on call with my uncle in the hospital so i never let mine die
its ok they say it was a mild stroke but he is the only family i have left
thanks he is a great man he teaches art at the local grade school
good , hello how are you today ?
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
great i act sometimes too
nothing you would have seen
nope that is why i listen to country
that sound great , having family
are they vegans like me ?
that is great to hear
sounds fun ! i am a comedian and i love anime and games. I wish my sister had pursued a career in comedy like me.
i am a party planner so sometimes i do renaissance themes events . ever have parties ?
very cool ! and no parties ? does your family not like them ?
that is a shame . i have a rocky relationship with my family too though , especially my sister .
yeah movies are pretty cool ! i love animated ones , especially disney and ghibli
yep , as a party planner ! its a lot of fun . what kind of job do you have ?
micro jobs ? what are those ?
oh wow . i would love to try out stuff like that ! are you in school ?
oh really ? what type of job ?
that is okay . i am studying art in newyork , my apartments so small .
i share a one bedroom with my 2 small dogs . 21 with two pets, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a parrot named Picasso.
no , but i do love roses . my family cats named rose .
yes , its bad luck to not name your car , how about hondvic
do you ever find yourself just driving in circles ?
i cannot be late . my art teacher is a b word
hi . doing great . i work in a coffee shop and live in a shared apartment .
oh , you are homeless ? i live with three males .
that is sad . one of my roommates is a former bf . its awkward situation .
me too . he cheated with my bff .
and i had my eyebrow pierced for him . yes , in college .
that is sad . i also play drums in a band with my sister .
my mom and dad are teachers with money , so they pay some bills for me.
hi ! i am fine . how are you ? do you collect anything ?
oh , interesting ! me stamps , and i have a large collection . what do you do ?
a couple big albums so far . i have been collecting for years, but if I could change one thing, I would want to fly an airplane.
sure , we know each other pretty well . he is a great father !
sorry to hear . . . is he dead ? i actually work as a mortician
what happened and why are not you close to him ?
hahahahahahahahahahah haaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahhahaha i like to run
same , what kind of music do you listen as you run ? creed for me
i am pretty carnivorous due to the running , hard when you are on welfare, but if I had more time, I would start a running club for underprivileged youth.
yes but my dad's incarcerated which makes things tough
i am hoping so , he used to drive big trucks
oh neat , what color were you thinking ?
i run a small business . a bakery with vegan cakes
oh you are getting married ? oh i am married with a son .
that is pretty far away . bet lots of fun places to walk there .
watching comedy on tv , like having something to laugh at
yes , i agree . sometimes i cannot stop laughing
wish my husband laughed more .
workaholic . no time for fun . stinks
yes , i guess so . i need to think that way .
hi ! mexican ! any kind . favorite season ? mines summer
are you on facebook , twitter , snap , instagram ? i am on everything
i spend a lot of my time with my 2 kids at my animal clinic
i love books , i use my kindle a lot but i miss the book shelves
if I didn't have arthritis, I would spend more time writing in my journal.
brenden gage and robert lee
well seriously one is 22 and the other is 18 lol
aw , just wait for grand babies
just got done working out , my sister is driving me mad crazy .
guess what i found in my wallet lol oh wow ! a real tbt
a old prom picture lol
i love this certain type of jeans so much i have 5 that is the same .
yes 11 years , If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of my current job, but I want to quit my job and chase Justin.
yes but i hate waiting in line lol
lol omg no i would not do that , i want to but do not get too , you ?
nice ! ! i wish i could cook . autism prevents me from doing things like that .
i can imagine ! mine is pretty frizzy also .
i will have to try that . oddly enough video games seem to help .
well perhaps a carpenter could adjust it for you .
yes i will have to try drawing .
that should definitely help you out
i love foods full of flavors and spices !
i love to paint also ! I wish I could spend more time painting instead of working on the computer all day.
i am an accountant and very busy .
that sounds like fun ! i love to go to hockey games when i can .
it is really fun ! i like to take my mom when she is not with my grandmother .
maybe we can text each other sometime ? i hate talking on the phone !
i would love to ! let me know the date .
i would love to take you to a hockey game .
do you ? i have one , i love to bike
blue is my favorite color can you speak any other languages
really ? i do not speak alien . but wish i did
i can really only ride a bike lol
sick sick that is not boring at all
sick sick my mom is a teacher tho
sick sick no i am not sick
sick sick , my mothers a teacher which is sick
i am doing good and you ?
where do you work at ?
is it stressful or not ?
i am a trauma surgeon it wears me out, but if I hadn't pursued medicine, I might have followed my mother's footsteps and become a concert pianist.
yeah and my mom used to play piano
not really i have to support my child
yes ! i bet you would make a good voiceover actor . you dance ?
oh okay . i draw and paint people smiling . you like to smile ?
hmmm . i design graphics while listening to classical music . you draw or paint ?
sure if you sing a song . deal ? i want to work for dreamworks so bad . dance ?
what inspires you ? i love classical music . i will be an animator soon . reading what ?
you seem nice . any advice for future animator slash author ? you married ?
thanks ! i graphic design my own book covers . i wish you happiness .
well . . . how about if i just wrote a classical music piece ? okay ?
hi and hello to speckles too . no pets for me , dorm rules and all
engineering but taking some art classes too, I wish I could paint murals on campus buildings like I do in my free time.
cool what type of engineering ?
i am just starting in civil engineering . i like creative stuff cooking , painting but love planning things
i only like shopping if its for dessert ! could use some ice cream now
guess we could settle for cookies instead . any hobbies ?
maybe speckles just wants a sweater of their own . no knitting but I like to cook.
i am doing good . . . just got done reading . do you read ?
wow really i am from france but now i live here in canada, but If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in literature.
my job , i am an artist that does digital work . do you work ?
awesome . . sigh i miss sipping on a margarita .
right now nothing i am on bed rest .
yea me and my husband are having twin .
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i like pink , how old are you ?
i am 36 what about you ?
i like rocky road ice cream
i would have to say pink
i am well , thank you ! how are you ?
sounds fun ! i went shopping with my daughter earlier today .
oh no ! that is terrible ! so , what do you do ? i mean , career wise .
i am a teacher . i really enjoy it ! love kids !
cool ! so , what part of the world do you live in ?
i live in canada . the toronto area , but my parents live in japan . I wish I could travel to Japan more often to visit my parents.
not often , just some holidays . do you live near your family ?
i am good , nighttime here .
i love the beach , i am 34 and do not live near my family .
i could move closer to home , i miss my family, but I dream of leading a peaceful life in the countryside.
i am a general of an oris army ! how about you ?
i lay around in the forest on the weekends
i know , not much else to do around here .
i am very afraid of sharks . have you seen any ?
i am thinking about doing a vegan lifestyle.
i am good how about you ?
that is exciting ! need a wedding cake ? i bake them !
ll ! i just made a cake for my bothers wedding , he is my twin !
nice ! do you have any hobbies ?
i love to read especially david copperfield , and tap dancing. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a professional tap dancer.
coloring is fun ! i have even won some competitions with tap dancing .
it is fun ! i like a lot of forms of dance .
ll ! well to each their own !
cannot complain . how is your day ?
i do not have kids yet . i did attend my book club today though .
blonde is great . i take my mom with me as she is like my best friend .
strong mom i bet . does your family have any pets ?
i have two cats too . i like cats more than dogs, if I could, I would adopt a dog as well, but my cats might get jealous.
me too but i am glad i have two so they can entertain each other .
i do sometimes . i work at a computer company . well actually its an internship .
my mom works in a law firm , that is super boring too .
that sounds fun ! i like to fish on the weekends .
no not at all it is very relaxing .
mine is pink . my five daughters also love pink . I wish I had more time to spend with my children.
ll possibly ! its hard being a student with 5 kids .
a lot of patience and coffee ! ll working from home sounds great !
i am doing well . how are you today ?
cool ! are you in college ? i am a student . a lot of my friends play quake .
i am majoring in mechanical engineering . what are your hobbies ?
i still live at home , actually . i spend a lot of time working on my mustang .
it actually is red ! red cars are the best !
haha , its a really pretty car . at least , i think so . ;
do you have more than one mom ? I wish my girlfriend could join us for a ride in the mustang.
i am 71 and live in the countryside, but If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in botany.
i love to garden and eat veggies
i already have huge melons and hate them
i am not sure . they are not good . i hate them
you can never be quite sure . always break them
yuck ! i would rather eat my melons
i am always freaked out . always freaked out
great ! just got done walking my four dogs love spending time with them, if I could choose a different career path, I would have loved to train dogs professionally.
do you like tattoos ? i have an entire sleeve of them
yeah ! planning on going out and have a drink with my friends at our fave bar
me too . my dogs like to eat my dinner i do not mind i love them so
i love to take pictures of them
so is my husband that is how we met
he has a canon camera and tripod
i do not know much about sports between ballet and work
that is when i work at the gas station, but if I could go back, I'd follow in my mother's footsteps and pursue ballet.
part time because I am saving to move in two months
san diego and be closer to my favorite band and a fresh start
a punk band called rancid and step out of my mothers shadow in ballet
well if you know you my mother you might know me
i am glad you do not know my mother, but I hope to make her proud one day.
hi ! i am obsessed with pens
i like writing for a long time with my pens !
i am a writer for my local newspaper but i wish i did not work
because i do not make enough money there
yes , i am thinking about switching careers
i am thinking about art . game of thrones is awesome !
i am willing to put the extra worl
great . i am lucy and i do not eat meat .
no fishing is fun . i just release them back to the water .
i like garth brooks a lot .
way cool . do you like animals ? i love my three dogs .
nice . i used to be on television but love being a director now. I wish I could still be acting on television.
do you make subs or are you at a grocery store ?
awesome . i love veggie subs .
not great . i am dealing with the loss of my parents. If my parents were still alive, we would have planned a camping trip together.
um , no . they died in an auto accident .
that is odd . i am working on a model . i like to do them .
right now i am doing an ocean liner .
it is a good size . i will keep it on my coffee table .
i like iced coffee with flavors in it .
i do not right now . i just got here from london .
i am great . fishing all day . how are you ?
my father died when i was two , which is much worse . If I had one wish, it would be to bring my father back.
i hope it was about spring , i love spring . what do you hate ?
i love wearing pants . i also love to win .
i am the only blue eyed person who hates politics . where are you ?
it can , politics killed my father , when i was two .
his books are too mainstream for me . i like fishing books .
my blue eyes love watching movies . do you have a job ?
i am just bored . might pick up a book to read .
i prefer to write poetry . what do you do for a living ?
i write poems about my time served in the marines . I wish I could have pursued a career in art instead of the marines.
great . what kinds of food do you like best ?
i love veggie pizza but have no kids .
so what do you do for a living ?
sure do . i m an ex marine myself so i know about confidential .
i heard that on in japan this summer on my trip
my mom paints there . we go all the time, but if I had the chance, I would travel back in time to experience ancient Japanese culture.
cool . i play hockey in the field by a factory in our town
yes i play on our senior team for my high school
i did that a lot with my best friend . she moved away last month
we facetime each other all the time
yes i miss them a lot
i just love to play the sport
i love to eat anything sweet ! do you like to listen to music, if I could change one thing, I would love to have more time to explore different music genres.
i listen to bruno mars , but i am a high school student .
not really . i prefer sleeping . i am kind of lazy .
i will ! do you work or are you in school ?
what do you do for work ?
that must be rewarding . i will need to get my grades up to get a job .
my favorite color is green . yours ?
i am well . just about to go in to work . what do you look like ?
i am young , dumb , and full of cum ! i am a waiter !
at this joint called the frog zone grill . its pretty chill . what about you ?
do you live in the usa ? what will you do in retirement ?
that sounds very relaxing . i have a nice home but no garden or pool
that is neat my mother is a seamstress
she is a wonderful woman . very friendly . do you ride bicycles ?
i hear you . my love for mexican food does not make it easier .
do you like to dance ? dancing can help one lose weight i think .
well , just let the guy lead , then you do not even need contacts . right ?
i teach for a living . hope there is some wisdom somewhere ! If only I could travel back in time to experience historical events firsthand.
cool . what is your favorite animal ?
new zealand really ? are you sure ? i think they have lots of sheep .
yes i have . perhaps the kangaroos are in australia .
true . so very far from new hampshire where i grew up . you ?
hi , just relaxing . pondering my diet . i want to switch to vegetarian, but I wish I could give up meat and commit to being a vegetarian like you.
i would never work that much . i am way too lazy . but love cooked pig
i usually have a meat party and eat it all myself
a healthy diet should include many raw vegetables
does he eat a lot of meat . like 10 cows
well smoked pig , is the best . ever been to a pig roast ?
how much bacon did you eat ? you need to eat at least 4 lbs
well you should eat raw okra with it
good morning , i am awesome . how are you ?
i shop , eavesdrop when my neighbors argue , shop .
i do . i travel a lot . that is why i do not have a dog , too much commitment . If I could change one thing about my life, I would adopt a rescue dog and commit to its care.
where do you go ? i mainly go to florida and hawaii
i am going to do that one day , when i figure out where i want to go
there sure are . like california !
i do . i am a walking dead fan
hello , i am relaxing now that my kids are in bed . how are you ?
what are you watching ? mine love action movies .
sounds interesting . i have teen boys , they like explosions .
i hear you , i am a metal head as well .
i love social media and animals . I wish I could spend all my time at the beach during the summer!
that is horrible , have you tried fish ?
really ? even as a pet ?
you really should . my kids want horses .
cool . are you into photography ?
that is awesome . its really nice to meet you , by the way .
i love it . i think of all the locations where i will be shooting movies .
that sounds great . where all have you been ?
absolutely . i mean , I wish I had more experience in photography like you. I am still in high school
nah , but just you wait . someday you might see a movie i directed .
that is cool . my mom is always reminding me to practice on my trumpet .
that is a drag . how long did he play ?
totally ! i need to . although , i love driving in my car, if only I could dance like you do, I would join a dance class.
lol . . . did you watch the recent fight with mcgregor and mayweather fight ?
unfortunately mayweather . i enjoy watching cf matches
absolutely ! do you travel often . i enjoy it a lot !
working in a factory , i am on my feet all day . not equivalent to dancing though
i just read a lot . love getting lost in the books .
awesome ! i love to get lost in non-fictional books . it gets intriguing
of course ! thank you as well !
fine . i just finished baking a batch of rose scented cookies . i am retired .
great ! you selling your stuff online . i want to start an online bakery .
me too ! although i am an artist of a different kind . if I could paint, I would create beautiful rose-themed artwork inspired by my favorite flower, the rose.
teachers hate giving believe it or not . ll . i also survived hurricane harvey .
yes , houston to be exact . things have changed drastically here .
we lost everything . but we had flood insurance which replaced everything .
we bought flood insurance when we renewed our policy earlier this year .
it was a pleasure chatting with you .
pretty good , how are you tonight ?
sounds fun , i was studying and practicing music
violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?
i live with my grandma , but she is fun
you must miss him , nice place to visit
i am envious , someday hope to go , love the history
if I could change one thing about my favorite color, it would be to love blue, the food must also be amazing
my name is joe and am fine
i am attending a friends birthday party .
yeah . i love singing church hymns and attending christian gatherings, but I wish I had the courage to pursue my passion for music full-time.
i work in a boutique selling gents wear and at the art gallery on weekends .
my mum wanted me to be like my dad but i could not make it like you
why , is it because your work puts you in one place ?
i am well . i play basketball professionally . how about you ?
interesting . where do you live ? i am in florida , but went to school in maryland .
front line . made quite a lot of money doing it , 35 mill every year
i do not feel comfortable saying . too shy i guess . I wish I could reveal the team I play for without feeling shy about it.
long enough to own a very large mansion . do you get vacation time ?
of course . are you married or dating ?
yes , just recently . do you have children ?
none yet , just cats . i would like to get a horse though .
i work for a market research firm , but i am off today . i am dusting off my cd collection .
i love the beetles and the beach boys , but also listen to country music sometimes .
i have a cat , but he gets annoyed when i play my bass in the apartment. If I could, I would have a dog instead of a cat, they are more fun to play with.
terriers are cute . i have quite a bit of vintage furniture and the cat loves it .
yes , and you cannot really tell when the cat scratches some of the wood pieces . lol
i know , its perfect !
no , in a rural area . you ?
i am great . enjoying my day off ! how about you ?
awesome , need to go to the store . barbequing tonight .
i love grabbing a jumbo size bag of pretzels and watch some star trek , you ? I wish I could travel the galaxy like they do in Star Trek.
is that your hobby or your career ?
i hear you , i am a train conductor . i am also rarely home .
i have always had a passion for the railroad .
its not work when you are doing something you love .
oh great today what about you ?
the weather is cold today and my breath chokes might need get an inhaler
yes you are right love table tabletop games and plan to play with friends today
good one . i wish to invite my co worker i have a crush on for the game .
i work in a financial firm but i do live with my parents at home
you know my thoughts quite well . how about you , do you owe a house ?
great . i envy you and hope to get one soon
i am fine , just walked along the beach
yeah it is nice to walk at night with my dog
i love pizza , my favorite is pepporri
with some wine , yes it would
i am in my ultimo year of grad school
that is cool , , also and do you work now
that is funny , , have it fell on the floor
i wish i could make pizza ,
i am ok , i have some worries . I wish I could go to a better school and have more opportunities.
that is nice , do you find it helps with your problems
i wish my mom was healthier
i live in a bad neighbourhood and there are no jobs
i do not like my school , i do not think i will get into college
yes , i like movies too . what is your best
help with what ? i do not understand
I have crazy neighbours who yell all the time, but I try to stay focused on my goals.
going well . i am kevin , and you are . . . . ?
no , i study software development so not much time for a pet, but if I had more free time, I would adopt a dog to keep me company.
i am in pa . i play the guitar in my band .
getting ready to go to the gym . do you lift ?
i love learning . new things , especially . i am like a sponge .
i am so sorry that happened . how old are you now ?
my best friend was left at the circus when she was 3 .
really great . jamming out to the muggers. I wish I could join a band like the muggers and tour the world.
that is a great show ! so what do you do for fun ?
wow that is really great . i surf . we should go together
me too . do you believe in polyamory ?
where you are with multiple people instead of just one in a romantic relationship
yes i do not believe in being with just one person
monogamy is not natural . if it was we would not be attracted to others
it may be but it still is not natural . i do not tell !
i am fine thank you how old are you .
about once every two months , are you 20 years old ?
oh k what do you do on the weekends i watch on youtube .
o k were do you live i used to live in North America in Minnesota
what country do you live in
ok sorry do you have a girlfriend
my sister has a dog
i do not even know what my sister's dog is, if I could, I would travel the world to learn about different cultures and cuisines.
hi , hows it going ?
great here .
i play the guitar in a band . and you ?
cool . are you married ? any children ?
i am married , 3 sons and 4 daughters .
usa . and you ?
tx . no flooding here though . do you have any pets ? I wish I could travel more often to explore different music scenes.
i just love this planet
no , my name is ichabod
no no no just me
then you are fine . people suck
i really prefer industrial parks, but I wish I could read all the books in the world.
i sit around and eat
m either , i cant read
that is ok . i cant type either
it used to be my favorite , but now i have a vegetarian diet .
really ? do they use beans in place of meat ? i am an animal lover .
thank you . there is a taco bell down our rural road .
do you have any hobbies besides the company ?
i also like to read . i just finished waking the spirit . about music and healing
it is phenomenal ! if I weren't pursuing a degree in education, I would be volunteering at an animal shelter full time.
thank you very much . i want to do something to help others and our country .
fine , thank you . and you ?
i hate salt . i do not put salt in my food when i cook .
that is wonderful , and should healthy .
i do not have free time to do fun things since work in the office all day .
no i am not caucasian . i am asian .
i love united states . it is the beautiful country . nice people .
yes i respect the country very much . I wish I could spend more time exploring new cuisines like Italian.
the law is good . and people are so nice .
i am great thanks howa re you ?
i work at a bookstore . where do you work ?
my hair is short is your hair long ? I wish I could grow my hair long, but my allergies to cats make it too difficult.
well my hair is kept in a very short cut . do u like movies ?
i enjoy scary movies how about you ?
what do you like to do for fun
do you enjoy running more than you enjoy the benefits ?
so what do you like to do for fun ?
i am still pretty young so i do not really need coffee yet !
no , i do not . i do not really like to eat my veggies either. If I were taller, maybe I would enjoy eating veggies more.
are you tall ? i am short maybe from not eating veggies .
yes i am , i am pretty strong to get married young !
that is amazing , commitment is great but marriage you definitely have to work at .
that is great , common interests and things you like to do together definitely helps !
how old are the boys ?
yes he is very small still 1 years old .
yes , they cant give you an attitude quite yet !
hi there ! i am okay , hows you ?
oh , i see . did she pass away ?
oh dear . i am sorry to hear that
mine are both alive . divorced and remarried .
i am not . i just work in an office, and i often daydream about cafes in Paris while watching WWE.
i love to watch WWE , but i do not tell people that.
i guess i am just embarrassed
not very often . but i get my nails done
i am good looking to move out of my apartment, but if I could take back one mistake, it would be not moving out sooner.
yeah my apartment is soo small and i do not like my area
that is cool what do you like to do
are you interested in ghosts ?
yeah are you a halloween fan
what are you going to be this year
cool i probably will not dress up i am a harsh critic of myself
i think brown hair looks nice
i am doing great , its raining though . although i love that calming sound .
i love taking pictures of those zen moments too !
same and it really suits me since i hate waking up early for a normal job. I wish I had the patience for waking up early to catch the sunrise for my photography.
are we the same person ? ! ? ! the only problem is the different cameras and lenses get expensive !
i actually watched a clip where they were having trouble with the phone . funny !
true . have you ever used candles for lighting when taking pictures ?
hi , i just came back from work , it is so boring , been there for 8 years .
i am getting ready to listen do to some rolling stones and unwind, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would travel more often.
europe is awesome ! the shops , the restaurants , the scenery everything !
in my spare time i play the guitar , but i like shopping too .
i like dancing , now i just do zumba , i just stared a new diet
i do not eat caffeine at all or sugar and gluten free
yeah i have not gone to hawaii , but I hope to visit someday.
i am good . just got done with my yoga instructing .
lol cool . where are you from ?
lol cool . where are you from ?
i am in new york . i have always wanted to go to quebec , canada though .
cool . what do you do for a living ?
my lovely wife is a diesel mechanic, but if I could change one thing, I would love to be a yoga instructor like you.
that is cool . what are your hobbies ?
interesting . i am boring , i just like to watch old movies .
i am great ! i just started my new job at the golden arches last week !
it is certainly helping my family . i am oldest of four the only one working .
i have watched it quite a while ago .
i liked the movie spaceballs . i just saw it a few days ago .
do you plan on dressing up in one for halloween ?
oh cool that sounds like fun ! i enjoy photography and image editing .
sorry to hear that . playing around with them on the computer is great fun, I wish I could drive confidently and make those left turns without fear.
doing great ! my name is john woods . i live in san diego
i have been to nashville . its great ! my parents just moved to florida
i breed maine coons cats and there is a huge convention there next month !
i agree ! it can be pesky ! do you have any other pets ?
i do not have a family yet but hopefully soon . going on a singles cruise in december, and I wish I had more time to travel the world and explore different cuisines.
wow ! is that how you met ?
i am a college student from cali
yes i was born and raised here
yes i am . how about you ?
how are you liking it ?
do you go to school ?
what are you going to school for ?
that would be a good thing to get into, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel and attend music festivals around the world.
i am currently studying dentistry
good , 43 yr old female named becky
i like to dye my hair pink and short . and a truck driver, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have long, flowing hair instead of short pink hair.
oh cool i have tattoos both my arms covered .
bunch of stuff . being a truck driver also gives me the time to travel .
i love the beach , it is my favorite place
yeah best time to have a life
it is sooo relaxing on the beach .
it is nice to be at the beach and just enjoy the sound and water .
i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?
i love to read too ! sci fi and horror are my favorites . what about you ?
where do you teach ? i live in georgia . anywhere in that state ?
wow you must be really smart . do you like sports at all ?
i love football . i play in a fantasy league, but if I could choose one skill to master, it would be painting landscapes.
oh i am not good at it . i just enjoy it !
oh no are you okay ?
i am not good with nature so i am not sure if they are pines or not
i am doing well , tell me about yourself
that is awesome ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a cartographer , i make carts .
i am kidding its actually someone who makes maps , i also paint outdoors
i love bagels , i make my own .
personally i find it more like any time of the day food
pretty good . getting ready to head out to my second job . you ?
oh that sounds like a rewarding career ! how are you liking this weather ?
i love it ! i am so over the heat
that should be an easy task for a vet
i try to eat healthy too . I wish I could wear dark clothes to work at the vet clinic.
that is right buddy ! live long and prosper
and may the force be with you and your many pets
i am well . listening to some blues this morning
actually my favorite is prince . do u have any hobbies ?
do u play or just like to watch ?
nice ! do u speak any other languages ?
i can only speak english and spanish . what do u do for work ?
i certainly wo not ! i do data entry its a tad boring . yours sounds exciting .
oh no ! sounds a bit unsafe !
i can imagine so ! if I could speak Chinese fluently like my mom, I would feel more connected to my heritage.
i sure am ! my high school is doing a blood drive this week , to help out
very cool . i hope everyone is safe .
i am a junior , i do not get very good grades .
its okay . i only sleep in class anyway, if I could, I would love to join a band and perform on stage like Bruno Mars.
no . my parents are very rich .
of course ! they hired bruno mars for my birthday party .
good , i just had a steak . i love eating meat ! you ?
when is the special date ? i work with finances , do you need help ?
great ! i have a black car and i like to rap to snoop dog !
nice , what else do you like ?
do you have a yellow car ?
rap , go to work , and eat meat . you ?
neat ! how did you get interested in weddings so much ?
if I could choose another career, I would love to be a music producer specializing in rap.
i am good how are you on this blessed day ?
that is no fun have you ever considered working in it
you do not need a degree just ask my father
what would you say your favorite band is ?
have you ever heard of kings of leon ?
wow you are a rare person then !
if I were not working in the IT industry, I would have pursued a career in professional football.
that is one of the many things i am passionate about
well , i do have an old soul .
i have chronic back pain so being vertical helps me, If only I could find a cure for my chronic back pain, I would be able to travel more freely.
ever since i can remember . i get worked up about things
i understand that . i want my voice to be heard
i am very passionate about traveling . maybe i will go there
lets go on a trip together there
and you would be able to help me with my chronic back pain
great , i am in super physical shape . what do you like ?
nice , i like mma what kind of sports do you like
its mix martial arts . i have to lift a lot of weights
it is . i am getting ready to start police academy . you ?
i am excited except if I didn't have a fear of heights, I would love to try skydiving.
it is a bowie knife . do you have one ?
camping is fun . i drink my protein powder on camping trips
i like to lift weights as long as i do not have to do squats
i bet ! i would love to run along the streets there. I wish I could have pursued a career in music like you.
i would love that . tell me about your parents
interesting ! do they know creed ? that is my fave band
what kind of instrument do you play ?
very nice . do you make a lot of money right now ?
unfortunately i just started getting welfare recently . it makes me feel horrible
thank you . otherwise i am going to kill myself
thank you . when i go for a jog it really helps.
good . my favorite food living in the us is steak and broccoli .
i do . after ice hockey practice i always run to my pup lex. I wish I could play ice hockey like you, it seems like a lot of fun.
that is good i am still in high school .
mine education is provided by rap artists .
i do not , i go to the gym daily so its tough to spread the energy .
after heavy lifting and long cardio sessions , yeah .
she is ok , she is living life .
i mean she gets to run freely and have fun all day .
i am 5 feet and 7 inches . how about you ?
hey ! ! i may be stronger . lol
i like an array of music from rock to country to classical .
i played classical music all the time for my children .
if I could, I would travel the world in my camper and attend football matches in every country.
i have one that gets me where i need to go .
what ? i drive a pick up truck .
you drive a bentley and trying to earn a few bucks on here ? what ?
good luck with your career .
i slept all day so i am wide awake . how are you ?
you should listen to more music . it is good for your soul .
i like a lot of metal music but not the stuff that is popular today .
real metal heads wear leather like me but kids today they wear popular fashion
i got my first leather jacket at a deicide concert back when they were new .
old school metal is the real deal . today is just boy bands with tattoos and guitars
I wish I could play in a metal band with my friends.
they can't be a man because they do not have the same spiky black hair as me.
i m doing ok i just got out from the club motorcycle
yes it is even though i m a woman all grown
yes and i drove it like 208 mph. I wish I had the opportunity to ride in a motorcycle race.
where there s no people around i do it in 10 minutes
i am from california and i have 10 chapters more than
it s easy to learn and you have fun
yes you can it is easy
oh no ! go to the doctor .
that is good . do you listen to rock music ? i like it .
awesome ! guns and roses is my favorite. I wish I could join a rock band and perform on stage.
i like being gothic . everything i wear is black . my purse and even my car is black .
totally . people look at me like i am weird though .
i know right . i believe that everyone does weird things .
yes . my work is definitely weird . i just live a weird life . lol .
i get paid like 5 a day to test things.
yes . i definitely know what you mean .
good . tired after a long day painting houses . you ?
i do picture painting in my spare time . trees and nature mostly, but if I had the chance, I would love to showcase my paintings in a gallery someday.
right on . i go to . i won the lottery about 6 years ago . i keep it secret .
i like trap and industrial .
it is like old school techno .
front 242 . see how you like them .
yes . pretty much everything is on youtube .
what kind of drones do you build ?
i like to play blame on others , apparently .
did you know i like to smell my farts ?
i am shocked that i admitted that .
if we were to go out , i would be the one to buy the beers .
that is probably a good thing . i am from san francisco
i really like to blame things on other people that i have done !
yeah i find it too funny .
i definitely like to be clean and smart . except for that farting issue .
i am traveling which i love to a gardening show
well , i cook . can you work in a kitchen ?
photography could be another avenue for you, I wish I could see all the colors in the world through your eyes.
nooooo . i can help you then
well if you are looking look in place you would not otherwise
no no kids , might get some though . one day
maybe . kids are something else
hello i am well , how about yourself
well i am deaf so i work as a online assistant at apple, but if I could hear, I would love to listen to audiobooks while driving.
yes its my seventh year there , that is my favorite number too
i think so its a long time , in my spare time i read books
all kinds , i love going to the library , but i cant drive there
i never learned that is why
yes i do , i like to scratch my nose sometimes
i do not know its just somethin i like to do
i like pink , i think blue is too masculine color .
oh , well , i am glad you are happy . what is your favorite food ?
if i won the lottery , i would buy all the pizza in the world .
my company is hiring over 2 , 000 people . we make guitars .
yes , they are in idaho , the secret home of the rock gophers .
yes , you could be their stylist . they would really like that .
you could always give them mohawks . good day .
thank you . you too . good luck in general .
ugh i am so hungry . how are you ?
i am a great cook but man my favorites are junk , ice cream , cookies . help !
i am currently studying asl at university . i could accommodate, but I wish I could attend art classes to enhance my painting skills.
my hobbies are painting and cooking . . . and eating . i could go for some pasta right now .
69 ; what is yours ?
are you a student or do you work
me too . i just go to school
the ole pick n flick eh ?
i work as an office veterinarian assistant
i would love to but my cats are with me, I wish I could bring my cats to the beach with me.
strawberries , i like those just like my 2 cats
nope , i need to go to the beach
oh , that is a great idea really
i am actually a vegan
it depends on what you put on your jello
but those are not just a strawberries though.
i am well . that is cool , i am a vegan . you ?
oh . i used to eat meat , i loved tacos . do you do yoga ?
i do yoga . i like all music . do you like any sports ?
i like watching sports , but hockey is my favorite . no pets , if I could pursue a different career, I would love to be a professional athlete.
that is beautiful , i feel shallow i just want to be a millionaire
i own a small business . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds nice . i mostly just watch sports
i am well thanks . what do you like to read ?
i like reading about animals . do you have pets ?
lots of animals . i love them . i volunteer walking dogs , too . I wish I could adopt more rescue animals, but my son is allergic.
are you a writer ? or is that just a hobby ?
thank you for your service . i have a son who just turned 18 . kids ?
just a mom . he is in high school . did you go to college ?
not a bad job . i waited tables when i was younger .
i am doing well , and you ?
are you a teacher ? could be fun
wow that is intense , i work at a cinema. I wish I could enjoy popcorn like most people do.
me too , my boyfriend is going to school to become an actor
oh i bet you will . you sound hard working
wow that is a big family .
nice , my parents bought me a camcorder . i make short films
hey i am doing okay how are you today ?
i just got home from school
i just turned 10 my mother is a teacher too
i am not little i am 10 . i love animals dogs and cats are my favorite. I wish I could have a pet like your stinky mutt, Tiki.
aww what kind of puppy do you have
no i want one but my mom and dad said no
dad is always at the mill but i can take care of a pet
yeah i have 5 friends we play football and go to the park
i am just chilling with my one sister . you ?
there are some great parks in san francisco where i was born
they are ! hoping to see some nice ones in paris this year on my vacation, but I wish I could join a volunteer program in Paris to help those in need.
what do you do ? i work as a part of the pharmaceutical industry
wow , that sounds excited .
maybe you should vacation to paris also
i am sorry ! my sister has a friend who cannot walk either
ok . but i have to get new shoes so i can run with my family .
oh yes . we are a tall family so we play basketball too when not running .
i am six feet tall . all are taller than me in my family .
ll . i had an awesome day at school then awesome dancing with carla sue and betty lou .
oh i hope its dance music . i might could run to your music too .
wonderful . maybe i could dance to it with carla and betty and art . If only I had more time to paint, I would create a masterpiece.
oh if i do not wear myself out running first and trip over my feet or art .
i like purple i wear it too much lol
i want to practice medicine as a doctor
yes lol play any games ? i play dungeons dragons, I wish I could join a D&D tournament in Canada.
i want to leave , need to get back to canada
you like to gamble ? yuck lol
ever hit big ? i never tried
hi i am currently unemployed , what do you do ?
that sounds interesting and fun . what do you do in your spare time
what kind of dogs do you have ?
i bet they are cute . do you like movies ?
yeah i watch them all the time i think i have seen the godfather over 10 times
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to lead a healthier lifestyle.
i do not have tattoos but some of my friends have them .
sure , that would be nice .
ironically one of my best friends also has a pet named alfred .
no . like me , they are into gaming, but if I could drive any sports car, it would be a Lamborghini.
no , i am much more into console gaming . what are you into ?
rpg games , the last one i played was final fantasy . how about you ?
i agree . clementine is my favorite character from that game series . you ?
i only watch the seasons be played . i do not play them personally .
i am great . how about you
i love pizza . its the closest to heaven
i know . music with the sound of cars
yea i do . as much as role playing
mostly important roles . but naughty ones too. If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy animals more.
i do not do much . just talk
not really . i sound like a crow
yea . i think so too
hi , i read and write stuff . you ?
i am a candy striper . you work ?
hmmm . pasta is good for breakfast . you like pasta ?
i am 20 . how old are you ?
good . i am an avid reader . you ?
hospital work is fun ? you volunteer in hospitals ?
community college is fun . some people really like . I wish I could work in a bookstore surrounded by shelves of fiction books.
calzones and coffee are great . you own a condo ? i do .
fine . going to watch an old flintstones video later .
not right now . how about you ?
what kind of pictures do you take ?
in a large city . i am interested in comedy and jokes . do you like it ?
cannot say i have . like to watch south park with my pal . I wish I had a big family with lots of siblings to share jokes with.
has good jokes . very simple . kind i like .
do you have family ?
me neither . i have one friend .
hi how are you today
do you want to move away
is it tough to do
that seems unfair to put on you
yeah tell those lazy bums to do it
if only I could go back in time and change my career path.
yeah what is your dreams
do you enjoy that work
hello , not much . when i was a child i was stolen by my uncle .
that scars me . i have lived with my sisters since then, if only I had the courage to travel the world and explore new cultures.
no i do not cook i do love to clean the house though
not much i am afraid to get out of my house
the only thing i do is read . i do enjoy that
i love the color purple .
oh yes i agree lol
i grew up in georgia , what about you ?
i am 22 . . . . do you work ?
oh i am sorry . . . . i started working last week in fast food, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of fast food.
yes on our burgers . . . i needed gas for my blue honda civic
i have a car but i get scared making left turns so that makes it hard
i love them as well . . . i am taking some college classes
currently women studies but i am not sure i will pass
i have four sisters maybe they could help
what kind of work do you do ?
good . . how are you doing
that is cool . . i love to learn some music instruments, but I wish I could join a band and play the trumpet like you do.
i used to be in band as vocal when i was in school
of course . . what kind of music u like ?
i like the rock music much
not a big fan of movies . . i am a kind of out going person
i like trekking and mountain climbing
afternoon ! i am great thanks , yourself ?
the weather is awful is not it ! i was hoping to go fishing this weekend, if I could, I would go fishing with my mother, the teacher.
ca not really do much in this weather !
i would not like to clean them in this weather .
what do you do on days like this then ?
cool . i have been having a jam on my guitar .
what kind of guitar did you play ? i play the bass .
how cool my mother is an rn
i am a computer technician, but I wish I could travel back in time to meet historical figures in person.
does who like driving ?
you are not reading what i type
everyone likes driving with the windows down
i think they would if it was not so cold
i really am into history, i read constantly about historical figures
that is cool, do you have kids?
doing great weeks half over looking forward to the weekend
i like to ride a bicycle i have probably passed you before, but if I could choose a different career path, I would be a professional cyclist.
i like hiking it beats selling insurance oh wait i sell insurance
well it is great to have a hobby i might mention it on reduit
wow that was a truck load i really like blue things
do you like playing or watching hockey ?
the best ginger snaps in the world are in Williamsburg, Virginia
true there is no place like home
i am a mom and a grandma . my kids are all grown .
oh ? why do you keep going , then ?
what makes you keep going if you hate it ?
that sounds like me years ago . . . are all those activities important ?
how long have you been married ? do you love him ?
sports are good , but do not overdo it .
I wish I had pursued a career as an artist rather than a pharmacist.
how many kids do you have ?
i am doing good tonight . how are you ?
sorry to hear that . i know the feeling .
i like the new and the original ones . i have big seat covers in my black car .
lol . i am a recruiter who is thinking of , but not sure about getting a cat .
oh wow . that is a pet ?
where can a person live and raise a lion ?
i would image they are in oregon .
i do , i have a beet salad at brunch which is my favorite meal .
have you read my article in the new yorker ?
it was a chronicle of my childhood adventures as a national spelling champ
what is your job ? i cook gourmet dinners but not as a profession
i live in an apartment also , not a house , as i am severely afraid of open spaces
if i have children , i hope they will be national spelling bee champs like me
i also hope they can cook gourmet meals but not have my fear of open spaces
if only we could pass on all our best traits to our children
yes but i sure do not wish my phobias on them or anyone else
i am doing very well kind sir, but I wish I could overcome my shyness and be more outgoing like you.
do you enjoy spending time with family ?
well that is good my family just some dirty old cunts
good you can put some whores on the floor i like it
i do it everyday aka getting laid no jk i am way too shy
my favorite color is green the color of life and money
i just got back from london and i got to meet the pope . yes pizza is awesome .
i do not like green beans but they put them on my pizza ! why would they do that ? If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to enjoy green beans.
oh you can color 2 of each animal for my arc . i am a religious person .
i am building my arc and preparing for the floods . i also like game shows a lot .
this is true but i get agitated so easily .
friends say its because i am so religious and different .
i get agitated at some of the silliest things sometimes .
it was 15 commandments but they locked the other 5 away in london .
hello its going good . . . u ?
i am more of a music lover and reader myself, but if I didn't become a clown, I might have pursued a career in music with my brothers.
you must be very fit
what do you do for a living ?
i am a clown
yes that is all i do . it works for me
what kind of office work do you do ?
where are you from ?
good , just doing my daily skin care routine .
i like using all kinds . whatever famous people use usually .
i want to already be used to famous people products , for when i am famous
neither . i just want to dress up , be famous , look good . like paris hilton . If I had more confidence, I would pursue acting or singing.
hm , i do not really know . can you help me ?
i met grumpy cat once .
oh my , i want to meet him . i would cry .
maybe i should be a youtuber
i am great . how are you ?
me too ! i was out swimming today and i am just winding down .
i go swimming everyday ! do you have any plans for this weekend ?
nice ! i am going to go to a concert this weekend .
blue man group . they are one of my favorite !
and not just because blue is my favorite color . ll !
i am very into music . my mother even taught me how to play the cello !
if I hadn't pursued swimming, I probably would have taken up stamp collecting.
how about nuts ? i am allergic to it .
i am currently at college . what do you do ?
i love reading books . my favorite is 1984 .
it is about big brother . also i am getting degree in biology .
i like to think so .
i wish you good luck .
no . i just woke up .
i love video games too .
hi , i am training my animals right now , so may type slow !
tigers , lions , giraffes , zoo animals . my wife helps me , are you married ?
sounds fun ! i helped my wife with health issues , too .
thanks , i hope your singing makes you famous !
well , as long as it is fulfilling to you , very nice talking to you !
i bet you will cook a very good meal to enjoy today !
could be better . i wish i were a famous actress .
not really . i want to act with animals . zebras are my favorite .
it is . my last audition was on a beach , but i do not like beaches !
i agree . i just do not like sand .
i hate it . like i do milk . gives me allergies .
i am vegetarian . you can get all your nutrition from plants , you know ?
have you heard of soya beans ?
are you some expert nutritionist ?
i am good thanks for asking
i teach high school in mexico
i do not think that is a word lol
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
where are you at now ?
hi . can you drive me to weight watchers ?
i am not sure . i do not usually leave the house .
mine was pizza . now it is carrots .
i married my sweetheart eight years ago today .
ah . i stayed single until i was twenty four .
no . i just clean my house all day . you ?
cool . can you recommend a good author ?
ah . i used to love reading while eating pizza. If I were not on a diet, I would indulge in a big slice of chocolate cake.
i am great , thanks . just listening to music and relaxing . yourself ?
i have miles davis on at the moment . i enjoy jazz and blues, but if I could choose my own path, I would pursue a career in music.
that is cool . and , not everyone is . what do you do for a living ?
oh my . i go to college during the week and tend bar friday night through sunday night .
law . one day i will be a lawyer .
what shall that be ? i will save my money and live in a tiny house .
that is amazing ! you will be able to enjoy the crown jewels .
lol . i hope that you have a great night
really ? small world . my mom teaches , but only kindergarten .
my dad did not take the same passion . he is a tax assessor .
what hobbies do you have ? i like to read anne of green gables .
my passion is office supplies . i am a sucker for some new pens and paper !
yes ! here's the real test . . do you own a pot-bellied pig ? if I could have any pet, I would love to have a pot-bellied pig like I always wanted.
girl or boy ? if it's a girl , avoid pageants . the one i did was lame .
yes ! boys are easier in my opinion .
kon nichiwa ! ll ! i just got back from japan . how are you ?
no . my mom sold some of her paintings to a gallery there, but I wish I could paint like my mom, it seems like such a peaceful hobby.
dude i start senior year next week . almost done ! you ?
cool ! do you like hockey ? its my life !
my best friend , ross , moved away . we play games on xbox .
call of duty , zelda , walking dead , life is strange . you like those ?
good name is jane , have brown eyes
no i do not eat meat . vegan here ! ! plant-based diet only
i enjoy concerts ! do you ? I wish I could see Bon Iver live in concert.
well i am going to a Pink Floyd cover band this week .
not lately , from time to time when i have extra cash i do .
they are , even the good seats . do you have a tattoo ? i have one .
it is a tattoo of an angel on my left hip .
it was something that just reminded me of my grams . she had angels in her house
i am sad thanks how are you ?
yeah i got fired from work now i am looking for something new. I wish I could be more confident in my job search like you.
that is cool what are you looking for exactly ?
hey good luck to you brother sister . tell me about yourself
i like your style . hustle hard ! freelance ?
how many wpm ? i am kind of slow at typing to be honest
good to hear . i am ok . just got off work from the irs, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in professional baseball.
i just fill paper clips and pencils . my real passion is baseball .
i played for a few years . i prefer it over football any day .
i was raised in chicago . i enjoy the pizza from there . it is my favorite .
where do you shop ? i like to shop fpr washington nationals merchandise .
i have only ever been there once . i used to live in upstate new york .
that would be cool . helping people is admirable .
albany kind of sucked . haha . i live in the midwest now .
i am fine , when i was only age 4 , i play the violin, but if I had pursued my childhood interest, I would have become a professional violinist like you.
violinist is my profession , i will get a dog soon by adoption
i love french fries too , recently i am falling in love with indian food
that is odd for an engineer , my mother's profession was nursing
do not get grease on it , it happens . . .
lizzy is the name , you have a dog ?
do you like dogs ? how about cats ?
your husband is a pet ? that is so funny . lol.
mine is too ! i work in a book store . i cannot afford a new car. If I could afford a new car, I would love to travel across the country and visit different bookstores.
good luck ! i want to be an author someday
do you like going to museums ?
going to the art ones is my favorite ;
i love to eat lunch . i wrote stories when i eat lunch .
it is so relaxing and fun .
no , i like to keep it to myself
i wish i lived in a safe enough neighborhood to ride a scooter .
i mean sure there are a lot of gangsters .
i wish i had a better chance to get an education here . the schools are horrible .
i want to but my mom is unhealthy so i stay with her
i do not know . my image around here is not helped by it .
you seem quite focused on music .
hi how are you ? my name is lily
i just got off work . surrounded by sick kids all day !
i bet ! i have some cute pups to come home to , i adore them ! what about you ?
are not they ? ! what do you enjoy doing ?
that is awesome i hope it all works out !
do you have a family ? maybe that could help !
i do not really , i am more of a reader than a tv watcher . you ?
that is fun ! what would your dream job be if you are not already doing it ? If I could, i wish I could adopt more dogs and open a shelter for them.
hi , ok , how are you doing today ?
nice , it is winter weather here . what kind of food do you like ?
that does not sound very good . at least your teeth will be straight .
dogs are the best friends to have . i listen to country music , maybe that would help
what kinds ? i take my dogs to the ocean so i can surf, I wish I could surf every day like you do.
how great , what do you want to do for work when you are older ?
i serve drinks to people , it is not bad and i get to play piano sometimes
i would say about ten years , do you play any instruments ?
hey there how are you today ?
no i have not always busy
watch any sports ? i have made people some moneeeeyyyyy
no pets just a small business owner, if I could change one thing about my business, it would be to focus on pet care services instead of sports information.
yes its popular here also , whose your favorite ?
all these crazies are gamblers
i am so exhausted goodness gracious the weather got me
i am good how are you ? get a good workout in today ?
i weightlift and run in all weathers , 3 great danes lots of walks
sometimes that is why i listen to all american rejects
do you like sweet potatoes ? i hate them
seafood for the most part , new englander love a clambake
a hospital , as a scientist you ?
only when a man , mansplains something am an expert in at work, but I often wonder what it would be like to live in a bustling city like New York.
hey i am doing great how are you
i love dogs what kind do you have
no i do not i wish i did but my apartment will not let me
i have a few but i have never met them
i just met my mom a few years ago .
i live in pittsburgh am a huge steelers fan
paris is a popular and great vacation spot . where do you work
my job is boring i manage a store a few blocks from my apartment
hi i am ok how are you
i have a son too how old is your boys
cherish those moments mine just turned 3 already . feels like i just blinked
i am a teacher i teach 1st grade, but I wish I could travel back in time to study art in Paris.
i think elementary school is the less stressful way to go with teaching .
i live in orlando in the united states . is france as pretty as the pictures
it gets really cold up there
that is true . i am just use to florida weather
ugh . i am echo . what time is it ? i was at the club til four .
cali . its too hot for the leather , so i have to wear it at night
i work at a metal club , so i sleep all day . I wish I could play in a metal band like my brother.
hair and makeup ! my specialty is mohawks and goth
i only have one brother . . . and a dog . he wears leather boots .
the dog of course . he is the only one who matters .
hi ! i like them too . do not listen to music much though
wow ! ! nothing that exciting happens to me . what else do you like to do ?
fun . my favorite hobby is carping
lamp live action road play . . . i do it on the weekends in the forest
it is fun . you get to use your imagination and take a break from reality
right ! you eat that much mcdonalds and you were olympian ? how ?
i would think so . if you are interested in lamp i can tell you more about it
so i am a general in what is called the oris army . ever heard of that ?
doing well just got done reading a great book reading is my passion
its cape fear . love dogs have a cat named radar
do not read newspapers anymore get all my info online or tv
like Mexican and Chinese food . i am looking forward to going to the beach tomorrow, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the ocean.
yes my favorite place to go . i usually go with my 3 sisters and 2 brothers
did you like it ? there is nothing like the waves
oh no not a good memory . i enjoy creative writing i have a masters degree
that is great ! where are you working ?
i just got back from surfing , what have you been up to ?
i am close to the beach so i surf a lot .
nice , do you make a lot of money acting ?
no , i work as a life guard
i am watching the sun go down , it is so beautiful .
that is a hard one two , for the peace sign .
like on you tube or something ?
nice , if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have straight hair instead of curly.
fine . just up studying for exams since i attend college . and you ?
what kind of job are you looking for ?
did you write a book or novel ?
i am studying english . do you play an instrument ?
i am a drummer . belong to a small band . I wish my girlfriend shared my love for drumming in the band.
do you have any famous autographs ?
that would be cool . my girlfriend loves him .
i like red . the color of my ford mustang .
i am fine , and you ?
i am not vegan but i hate cheese . how do vegan cheeses taste ?
what do you usually eat ?
egg plant is delicious ! i like it breaded and garnished with chopped garlic and dill .
you should . my family loves it . do you live close to family ?
i sell paper . where do you live ? i am in chicago .
i was not raised religious , but buddhism sounds interesting . if I had the chance, I would love to taste different types of cheese from around the world.
hello , i also try to stay very active !
well, I can't really do a lot of running because I am old and retired .
that is nice , i miss my daughter i have a total of 8 grandkids
well, i am in good health , but I have to use my glasses to see them !
i do not have any favorites apparently I am pretty bland, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in fitness training.
according to this not much , I assume I like oatmeal though !
you do not like to bake ! that is crazy , what else ?
pretty good thanks and you ?
i do not even own 30 normal shoes woah
well you cannot drive both at the same time anyway
you could get one of those dog attachments
do you have a job ?
nope i got no job and it ain't my fault, but I wish I had a job that allowed me to travel the world with my golden retriever puppy.
who cares i am bored by my maids and they don't make good cheesecake .
so you were the second lowest-paid professional, what do I care , i coulda bought your school .
i could buy Google. my kids went to private schools, they are all bums
i walked out on my first wife, i bought Ms. USA and married her. If only I could find joy in the simple things like taking walks.
get an RV . i would like some cheesecake NYC deli yeah
i think i will buy a deli . get out of here Hazel ! ya boring me .
what am i gonna buy next ? a soul ? someone else's
fine . i live in north carolina with my father
i work in a super market during week days and book store on weekends
my favorite book is lie down with lions
also books by christine are nice
yes i came here because my father is employed here
yes i do but it is my fathers car, I wish I could play basketball professionally
am fifteen years old and still in college
i started going to school very early and am good at math.
i am well tonight , and you ?
i am reading game of throne series right now . favorite harry potter .
i figured out what you meant . i love reading . is piano your hobby ?
that is great , it is always good when you teach them young .
cool , my favorite tv show is walking dead . do you have a favorite ?
i used to watch her all the time , not so much any more . If I could have a superpower, I would choose the ability to teleport.
yes ! do you have favorite food ? i am vegetarian , do not have favorite .
i guess i like veggie burgers .
i am well , how are you doing ?
i own a stable to race horses want to help ? i made 90 . 000 already this year
no well yes on trifecta bets .
no that is a betting factor that is used . i teach people how to race horses .
yep horse racing i am a pro horse racing for handicaps, but If only I had pursued a career in football instead of horse racing.
who you betting for this year ?
i know i said the same smh i hope the best for them
doing great how about you ?
oh what kind of orders are you trying to get out ?
people are so impatient and expect the world .
i bet . the only thing i do not like about my job is the commute, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have a shorter commute.
i drive for about an hour each morning
yeah but i enjoy the job
well i am a graphic designer , and i love art
have not had a day off
work , but everything has to be right
i want to go to the beach but now the hurricane ruined it .
yea , i probably could not get off of work even if i wanted to though . I wish I could take a break and relax on a tropical island.
rarely , either me at going to work or going to school ha not much free time .
what about you ? what do you do ?
i know the feeling ! college and three jobs for me , i stay busy !
hi . i am good , and yes it is . glad its the weekend .
sounds fun ! are you in college ? this is my first year .
wow snakes ! i live on campus and wish i could bring my cat i adore .
i been legit living off pizza since i arrived , good thing i love pizza
any hobbies ? i am very athletic so enjoy all sports
oh my goodness that is a lot of signatures !
i enjoy lots of music . any you prefer ?
i am doing great today . just got off of work . you ?
what do you do for work ? i do recruiting for a big company
i like to drive my car around . unfortunately i just leased it out, I wish I could have a pet dog to keep me company.
it is a black honda civic
you should . they are excellent cars
haha i would like to see you try !
i am so sorry . marriage sucks though
i am good . getting ready to use my new paddle board . you ?
then like me , you must love to travel the world .
i travel the us too i have been in every state but alaska .
i just have not gotten there yet . i love cabins on the lake, if I could live anywhere, it would be in a cozy cabin in the woods by the lake.
i work for web . com . how about yourself ?
that is very cool were you in the facebook movie ?
i must admit i am quite jealous of that !
i live about an hour and a half from new york city .
i a doing good , just admiring my 30 pairs of shoes, but I wish I could have a collection of vintage motorcycles instead of shoes.
how many ? i love collecting shoes , the leather smells so good
you like to skate or ski ever ?
we should go sometime . i really enjoy both .
we can take my car , even though i am sure its just as fast as my motorcycle
sounds like a lot of fun , what else do you like ?
maybe we should take the motorcycle then
all i know about alpacas i learned from an encyclopedia, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work with animals like alpacas.
when i am not working at the gas station , i sell encyclopedias . you ?
that sounds exciting . do you have any goals ?
all i want is to become the most successful travelling encyclopedia salesman .
thank you . have you ever seen a celebrity up close ?
one time i saw peyton manning at my local grocery store .
it varies , as i travel a lot to sell encyclopedias . you ?
i am doing great . avoiding my sister . how many kids do you have ?
she thinks she is my mom . she keeps asking when i am going to get married .
27 . she is 35 . i am sorry to hear that .
i can't even imagine . i really do not like change , so that would be rough . If I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to have more time for myself.
is it good singing or bad ? would people wait in line to hear you ?
lol . possibly bad . its ok , i hate to wait in line anyway . what are your hobbies ?
karate sounds like fun . what level are you ?
not really . baseball was too much like waiting in line for me .
it is going ok , what is your favorite way to cut loose ?
i recently traveled through colorado on my way to la , it is really beautiful there .
that sounds rough , what do you do ?
what else do you like to do ?
why do you despise your boss so much ?
what kind of job do you want ? I wish I could have lunch with a famous jazz musician instead of Will Ferrell
i can relate to that , i have had some really bad bosses recently as well .
i do not drink but when they start serving other things i will .
do you have any pets ? i love animals .
people are hard to get along with . i am alone too .
i like to draw and feed my animals
i have a ranch with 8 dogs 20 chickens 5 horses 12 pigs 6 cows, if only I could communicate with animals, I would never feel lonely.
i love animals . they are the best .
they are very hard to let go of when they pass
do you like watching movies ?
hello how are you doing today , my name is alex
mine , was great , i spent time with my boy who currently is not working
i sure hope so . we live together in our apartment, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world with my daughter.
yes , i am guess your right ,
that is funny , yes , you right we always have going to the park
yes , life is wonderful and we need to be grateful .
i am john . i like history, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to work in a museum like the Smithsonian.
i like that show too .
what are those ? manta rays ?
that is great . where is she from ?
i do not prefer it much .
i work with trains ? bu ?
what jobs are you applying for ?
with trains ? i make a decent salary .
i am fine . my name is madison , i am in the fifth grade
nope but it is in a lot of my harry potter books, I wish I could read Harry Potter books with my best friend Abigail.
what is ocd ? it means you have to stay clean right ?
i do not i love people especially my friend abigail
you make a lot of money ?
cool . my dad makes a lot of money , he has a porsche
we have some rad dads lol . what do you do for fun ?
ok i like martial arts , and i start safety patrol soon
shoot sorry to hear that . i am remodeling my house right now .
yah good advice . i am also decorating for halloween now . is it too early ?
oh cool . do you by any chance know any article about bow and hunting ? I wish I could go hunting with my daughters like you do.
i think i saw a ferret while shopping with my daughter last week in the mall .
it was running around the mall , i thought it was a huge rat .
ahahah good lord that will be so sad . well nice talking to you . time is up
ops time was not up . glad to know you love baseball .
hi how are you . what are your hobbies . . i like reading, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to enjoy pizza like everyone else.
that is cool ! i do not own a television so i try and find other things to do
that sounds nice . what kinds of food do you like
that is cool for some reason i cant stand pizza
haha i guess . do you have a job ?
haha that is funny i am an art teacher
i have a lot but i really like modern art what about you
lindsay here , proud kindergarten teacher
the school i teach at is rather large
its in memphis , tn . my classroom has 26 students , its a lot of 5 6 year olds . .
it is humid . whenever i get free time , i like to get out and enjoy kayaking .
i wish you the best in life , whatever struggles you have will get better .
yes , do you want to say anything about your family ?
yes . in 2016 , when i graduated college , my entire family came to my graduation .
degree in child developement education
hi there . my hair is the color of wine .
nice ! i listen to rock music all day since i work from home .
i am an early riser . my 10 cats do not give me a choice !
yeah , i do not know how it happened , but i love it ! any pets ?
sweet . do they get along ? man , i am hungry !
anything that is not asparagus or blue cheese , yuck . yourself ?
blue cheese is bitter , though . even with wine i cannot enjoy it .
consider yourself lucky . steer clear of it . if only I could work in a cafe instead of at home, I would enjoy the change.
just getting ready for my wait shift . hurray 2 . 50 an hour plus tips .
all i have is a kid . he is more more work that a cat .
i wish that i had time to go that . just work , school , kid here
wow , that is random . does that bother you ?
sure . waiting tables keeps you moving . gotta get those tips .
it is a sit down restaurant . italian
what ? no . no cats .
no . i just work , go to college , and raise my kid .
great ! just happy to be away from my siblings right now. I wish I had more siblings to share my childhood with.
i have 3 brothers and 1 sister . i am the oldest.
i am the shortest too . haha how tall are you ?
i am 5 foot 3 so i win ;
they are in their 40s . my dad teaches a middle school class.
oh wow ! you must be pretty old yourself ?
oh okay , not too bad . how old is your youngest brother ?
oh wow . my sister is only in the first grade.
i am working at a retail store.
i do not drink and i am a vegan, but I wish I could join you for fishing at the creek.
i live near the coast. i love to surf.
not really. i do not like it.
my hair is red, probably because of carrot consumption. maybe.
how did you know, dude?
okay, I guess I should not have gotten two dinner reservations for tomorrow.
from the usa , i love traveling though, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would travel the world playing rock and roll music.
what kind of food do they have ? i love spicy food
that sounds nice . i ve been to mexico and canada
what s your favorite beef dish ?
nice , what do you do for a living ?
that sounds like a lot of fun . i m studying business in college
haha yeah , that would be amazing . do you put salsa on empanadas ?
great tom , call me brandon if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to run a marathon in every state.
i am doing pretty good , just got finish fishing
i caught a few bass
yes its very relaxing .
nah eating ice cream , which i eat everyday
i can not go a day without eating ice cream
what , you been buying ice cream
oh yes that sounds very tasty
that is awesome . i am happy for you
i enjoy taking photos and hiking their my favorite, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that could sing rock songs.
i have not but my dream is to travel all over the world
well that is interesting . i prefer to listen to rock music
oh okay . do you have any pets
i have two dogs . they are a mans best friend
take them with you . they would enjoy it
aww . that is nice you would think of that
hi , i am very old u ?
i am not very pretty at all
i am very fat and old, if only I could travel the world before settling down with a family.
i have way too many kids
but my hair is so blond
aw , thank you so much
oh that is nice for you
i am far too old for that
yes , greetings ! i listen to mozart , bach , and vivaldi , and i golf to their sonatas . . if only I could spend more time on the golf course with my children.
i have 3 little horrors myself charlie , champ , and chopin . my horrors and joy hoho .
children they do not play enough golf however , only their donkey kongs .
since my promotion , i have only been eating the finest puddings . i am very rich you see .
drearily less , my fellow literate and educated compeer .
oh how grand ! and what kind of books do you indulge in ?
oh my does it not remind you of your own mortality ?
not bad are you excited for any football games this weekend ?
yea usually watch it with friends gives us an excuse to drink lol, but if I could choose any other sport to watch, it would be basketball.
yea that is not bad either what you got planned today ?
i use to not much lately tho
its always good to find something you enjoy
i am pretty much a homebody i love italian food tho
i have not i learned about it on jersey shore tho they spent a season there
very true what kind of movies do you like ?
hi i love to view game shows, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and visit different game show sets.
i took a trip to london with my wife
i am sorry to hear that
i have been easily agitated before at least
i can't stand green beans and I ate them all night
i had some really frozen beans
hello , i am fine . just got off work .
that is exquisite . what have you done to your yard ?
me as well . i work with art conceptually and digitally , to an extent .
ah , yes . i love my husband . he is my favorite author , you know
possibly . his name is stephen king , you know
yes ! even my twins love to pen short stories . If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued writing like my family.
how extravagant ! what allows you to travel ?
yes , do not we all . do you enjoy anything else ?
hello there , good thanks ! yourself ?
nice ! i just got off work at the coffee shop as a barista .
me too ! i also enjoy designing jewelry during any spare time i have .
every once in a while i love to go to craft shows that occur on the weekend .
i prefer reading . i especially love the bible .
i usually stay at home with my boyfriend in our apartment and I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
no i do not . i would love to learn .
i bet once you get the hang of it .
no not right now , in medical school
you are lucky . wish i could be an actor , but studying to be a doctor instead
i wish . the girl i love is unaware of it .
i met this girl at the community theater i go to when i am not in school
i hope i settle down . my parents are both doctors and want me to marry one too
i guess , i just wish i was an actor
yes , i do community theater , you ?
you should come see me play . what else do you like ?
how are you doing today
that is cool to know
i like to chill with my family and bake
that is cool i like doing custom cakes and decorating
i love doing cakes its is relaxing to me
i could never really get into that
i like to make cheese cake
yeah i do not really eat it its too sweet for me, I wish I could sing like an angel, but unfortunately, I have a terrible singing voice.
i am well , so happy to be in my mustang I restored finally . I wish I had the chance to drive a restored Mustang like yours.
do you ? nah i do not i am active i play ball .
i am in college i play for my college .
nice , my pop is a doctor .
yes sir, he does. I love me a good action movie.
cool , what kind do you like to enjoy ?
oh no , stay up too late ? i get up at 4 every day , so I could relate .
what kind of concert ? if I could, I would trade my opera CDs for some rock albums.
i enjoy a good steak that is about as rock star as I get .
i live in a small condo .
where do you live ?
i live in new york , i would like to head north to canada but i have never made it .
party at night , hygiene by day ?
i am good thanks for asking
i work at a car dealership
do you have any pets ?
yes i have two myself. I used to collect bugs in jars when I was younger.
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i like the outdoors and camping
what are some of your hobbies ?
apples are good my granddad hunts for mushrooms
i like going to karate i just got my brown belt
i like to sing so i am in chorus at school, but I wish I could sing like a professional singer on stage.
that does seem like its fun and very relaxing
the snow is nice but i like summer most of all .
what do you do for a living
i go to school and help my grandparents i live with them
not bad thinking of a horror movie to watch later
cool hopefully you find them i have a haircut later today
awesome how did you do ?
oh that is gotta be rough i had a cat but turned out to be allergic
me to then i joined the ymca and turned my life around, I wish I could join a band and play the piano on stage.
same here i drank for many years
very true are you watching the nfl tomorrow ?
oh that is pretty busy for a sunday
no , i live a simple country life .
i like it because i can walk with my kids and be safe .
that has its fun too , i bet
sounds like you are a very busy person , any kids ?
i just live a simple life , i drive a honda .
i am sorry , sounds like you have a lot of issues, but I wish I could travel to the city for a weekend getaway with my best friend.
sound like you got a plan , good luck
just a stay at home mom .
cosplay is what i do , just cosplay
woolseys , watching television shows and going to the movies as well, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in the film industry.
lol , great . game of throne is the best show that there ever was ! ! !
nah , i have a office at my home that i work from
cosplay , its what i do , professionally like
that is okay , its all about cosplay
fun yes , i love movies and television though
i am great ! i took a long walk on the beach today !
maybe you should take upon cooking ! i love cooking at home by myself .
i love cooking and baking anything blue ! its my favorite color !
i do not speak with my mother anymore . if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to mend my relationship with my mother and watch 'Game of Thrones' together.
have not really been interested in zombies ahahah .
i am currently unemployed but i am trying to find work .
pop music keeps me going through the job hunt though !
good ! playing lots of quake a game i love today !
both my moms bought it for me , its a linux game .
i am pretty good . chicago has a good public school program for technology .
lots ! i have shelby , kelly , and right way who are dogs ! and link is a cat !
my dogs are all pugs !
yes , if only I could have a classic mustang like my moms.
i just came in from surfing , so i am doing very well .
that is fun too , i do that when it is too rough to surf .
as soon as i could walk . the vets office i work at is right on the beach .
i still do . it is fun , i love animals .
five dogs and four cats . i also have a horse . do you have any ?
they do require a lot of time .
maybe one day you will have time for pets, I wish I could spend more time at the beach collecting seashells.
you are a pilot ? how cool !
i am great ! just at home . i am 30 and still live with my parents !
i have a lot going on . plus my colorblindness is impairing
oh no ! how far along are you ?
aw ! that is so great ! are you on bed rest or just busy with your girl ?
oh no ! i know that feeling , i struggle with anxiety too .
oh that is terrible ! i understand that too . its very real . i am opening a grocery store, but I often dream of being an artist, painting vibrant landscapes filled with color.
i cannot see colors but my degree is in marketing , i know i can do it !
oh no ! i did not think about that ! this is my dream !
i love chickens , but my dog chases them so i do not have any
washington . . . do you have a lot of chickens ? do they have names ?
that must get a lot of funny looks ! my dog loves car rides !
oh ! do you live alone on your farm ?
it is just me and my dog . . . at least he does not, I wish I could join a choir and perform in public.
he is my best friend . . . even howls along when i sing in the bath !
maybe you taste like corn ! !
poor confused chickens ! do you like farming ?
that does sound nice ! i hope you have a lovely weekend !
i am rather introverted . . . chatting like this is the only social stuff i do .
i do . . . two actually ! and one chicken ! lol
for real ! silly tilly is her name
tilly is only loud when she is laying an egg or mad at the dogs
but i bet you love him lots !
i hope you have a great evening !
hello nolan . i am swell , what about you ?
cool , three girls must be a lot of work but I wish I could join a scuba diving adventure with your family.
i am from denver so i head to florida every year for a break
i like being alone seeing as i have ocd
you have a pretty full life
i guess i am more the loner type
it is crazy cause i actually have a big family but i like my alone time better
i am good thanks for asking, but I wish I could travel and explore new places like you do.
nope just going to stay home
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i have a brother in san jose
do you have any hobbies ?
hi . hot pink with purple highlights . just dyed it yesterday, but if I were to change my hair color, I would go for a more natural look.
drink some mt . dew . that is what i do , like four every day .
well , it keeps me awake while i am playing chess .
i spend a lot of time watching alien movies .
that sounds like fun , i guess .
that is for sure . i keep thinking of bambi .
i think i will stick with alien invasion movies , lol
just got home from working out at the gym
now i am getting ready to play some halo and drink a coffee. If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional gaming.
i am a hard core reader helps me with my job
i work for a sports magazine as a editor
i have been to the super bowl 3 times and the world series 2 times
that is true i have to bring my lucky yellow hat though to every game
yellow is my favorite color whats your color of choice
i like corvettes but i am a truck person
fine , thanks ! just getting up , though . went to bed late .
yeah , i like winter , though i do not go outside much anyway, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have more time for outdoor activities.
oh , i imagine so ! i do not have a wheelchair , but i am in school . computer engineering .
yeah , that is true . i have a real passion for computer programming .
its fun . i hope to use it to open my own company with my best friend .
that is awesome ! my best friend is actually gay , but i am not .
i agree ! and thanks very much . i hope it works out .
that is extremely inspirational , thanks .
hello , i am fine and you ?
its sunny and cold here , where do you work ?
nice , i love to rollerskate but i am in interior design for work, I wish I could design sets for a fantasy movie.
are you a male or female , i am a woman tall and blonde
me too , i have to lose some weight a little on the chubby side , lol
i like some seafood , but bread is my weakness
i tried to learn guitar , i larp to unwind .
that is good cardio , i do squats and sit ups .
hi , how are you ?
i am doing great today . please tell me about yourself .
what kinds of music do you listen to usually ?
i am really into rage metal music ! I wish I could attend a metal concert with you sometime.
haha , yes , i know it is a bit of an acquired taste i guess .
i live in the united states , in new york city .
i am doing good consider i just finished smoking 2 packs of cigarettes
if you think that is not healthy , you should see me put alcohol in my coffee, if I were to be reincarnated, I'd want to come back as a hippopotamus.
i am guessing that did not work out too well for him
bacon is not as good as meatloaf
i am having dinner , which is meatloaf every night and never get tired of it . haha !
are you from south of the border ?
my brother lives in warrensburg , missouri . got stationed there by the military .
military crazy life huh ?
i am well . just busy that is all and you ?
i hear you , i am a tree huger . my car is old
that is terrible . i am glad you are out !
no foal no harm then . i fix airplanes . what do you do
it is good to work . i am always busy . i like vinyl records
they have a good sound . If I weren't fixing airplanes, I'd be traveling the world to spread positivity.
i think one person can make a difference
i was raised in upstate too
good . . how s ur weekend going ? ?
went out for a picnic . . good whether today here in jerky
where are you from now ?
i have a friend in colorado springs . . i love that place
hiking , skin most of the nature activities, but I wish I had the opportunity to work in London for a few years.
its fun . . you should try
hi i am sniffles . morning people like me should not be up this late .
i do not like to be around animals , they give me allergies and sniffles, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a pet dog.
i am a early morning kind of person so i am able to go to sleep with no problem
animals get on my nerves and make me sneeze .
only reason i am awake now is my friend brought some pizza , my favorite .
supreme with everything and a few spices of my own . i love pizza .
dip it in ranch dressing
i am good how are you ?
nice ! what kind of dog do you have ?
i bet he is so cute ! do you like music ? i love rock !
any foods you hate ? mine is broccoli
cool ! what do you do for a living ? i make video games, but I wish I could design video games like you.
that sounds interesting . what do you sell ?
nice , i like shopping at target !
are you afraid of anything ? i am , the dark .
hey . i am good just finished reading a new book .
enemy of the state . do you like reading too ?
that is no good . how long you been there . i have been a vet for seven years now .
oh goodness that is a long walk . well do you listen to music while walking ?
oh nice ! have not seen that in years . i would listen to country if i was walking .
i wish i could play . i blast it at the beach everyday i go though .
cool color man . so are you one of those meat eaters ?
i am doing good , and you how are you doing ?
today , i am taking my car to the mechanic
its my brake , and need fixing quickly , but before i need to go my job .
waitress , at a hooters in new york
that is awesome , i would be happy to live in a boat house, I wish I could have seen Nirvana live in concert!
i been to settle to see a concert Nirvana.
i am nervous , as per usual .
oh yeah your just so great . I wish I could just escape to a remote cabin in the woods and watch foreign films all day.
sorry , was that wrong ? my dad is bothering me again . i guess i should sleep ?
what ? i always say the wrong thing . i should just watch netflix . are you fat ?
what brown hair ? it ? no , i have to talk to him about the business . . .
yeh , xmas is a big seller . appliances are not very romantic or appreciative . . .
wow . i am a 54-year-old woman with 5 children as well .
we seem to have a lot in common . i crochet and have cats as well. If I could, I would adopt more cats, they bring so much joy to my life.
i do not know about you but i have more cats than kids .
yeah . i hear you my husband thinks i am nuts for having them .
cat man that is funny . actually , cats make really good companions .
some times i enjoy them much better than my husband and kids .
i am a boy with a girlfriend named luis . we are in college together
i do like sushi , but my parents hate it and i still live with them !
mine is blue too , the color of my drums in a band and my ford mustang
yes i am , do you have some ?
you would think i would have my own at age 25
i guess you are right . what else do you enjoy
mainly just playing in my band and hanging with luis
no , she is too busy with school work . i should be as well really
i am doing ok . how has your day been so far
good aside from my family issues . my sister disappeared years ago . found out she is in a cult, but I wish I could reconnect with my sister and help her escape the cult.
about 5 years ago . also just found out my dad was part of the communist party .
ahahah yes i love deep sea diving ! ! ! ! !
yea party planning is the best job there is
that is the only way to go . you male or female ?
haha oh ok . got it . well i plan barmitsfas and wick arrangements . good variety
i am great , any fun plans for this afternoon ?
ouch , stay safe ! hows the traffic there ?
that is good , keeping those spirits up !
i am just outside boston , its about 65 and sunny today
sure what do you have for me ?
ll that is so funny , have not heard that before !
if I could choose any profession, I would love to be a surf instructor!
hello from tx , jim here , great n u ?
geez , i can relate my wife's hair salon is underwater too !
love those critters , my acara flooded too , might need to sell myself a new one .
so reckon that means no tailgating . . . no beer, if I could turn back time, I would have invested in a craft beer brewery instead of selling cars.
i am usually watch football down at the bar , they keep the Coors coming .
what else do you do for fun ?
sure i will bring the popcorn . gonna bring my madonna album too . love her ! ! If I could meet Madonna in person, that would be a dream come true!
wow awesome ! i go to about 10 concerts a year .
sure thing , i work as manager in a retail store what about you ?
wow make a pretty good living . i also enjoy listening to lady gaga .
what games are you playing ?
oh ok , more like video games
besides listening to music i also like to knit from time to time.
i would if i was closer . i bet they have adorable animals
i do not have any money for one . my dad had to get me a car
i will . i am between jobs now and not healthy but do run a lot
that is true but money is tight with me not really working
that would be fun . who do you want to see
i have never heard of them . what kind of music do they play
yeah i love italian food . i like coffee and soda too that is all i drink
seafood ravioli is great i really want fast food now tho .
oh , that sounds so relaxing . did you enjoy it ?
i agree . what do you do for a living ?
making stuff is important ! i am just a medical file clerk .
i feel you . where do you live ?
ah , i see . i live in baltimore , currently .
they are the best ! have you been to maryland ?
that is one of my favorite areas . I wish I could travel to a different coast to explore new art museums.
did you take the marc train ?
i am good . you ? what is your name ? mine is omar .
nice to meet you too . where are you from ? i am from ohio .
that is cool . i have never been away from small towns, but sometimes I wish I lived in the city, experiencing the hustle and bustle.
why is that ? i only know the life of a small town farmer .
i understand that . do you have any siblings
oh , that sounds very different from me . i am the youngest of three .
i have only brothers . it becomes hectic . how is being an only child ?
its going good thank you
rap and r b , i hate country tho, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy country music more.
what do you do for a living ?
i am a student . what kind of artist ?
i like camping and hunting
that is sounds kinda gloomy lol
hello ! well , i really enjoy reading . i learned to read when i was only 3 ! you ?
great ! i can read in both English as well as French . what do you do ?
i am not sure but i did not finish high school . If I had the opportunity, I would have pursued a career in literature.
i did not like it . but i still read three books every week . any hobbies ?
mostly just reading . sons must be enjoyable to have . maybe someday .
i am sure ! anything else about you i should know ?
well its bottom of the night for me , it is very dark outside of my school
well , i am studying to be a teacher . a librarian to be specific, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have blue eyes.
i know , it is my mission to improve that .
oh , cool . do you like olives ?
oh , well people always tell me that my skin looks almost the same as olives
i would say pretty light . the same green as my eyes .
yeah , that is what i mean .
yeah , pretty cool . do you wear glasses ?
c cool i love art c cool i love art
l like what ? i learned a lot in the military
t that sounds like fun
i i have a cat what about you
i i know right are you still live in our apartment
y yeah i just bought one too
i i was but my wife left me when i was in the military
t thank you i appreciate that
iam well ! just getting ready for work , you ?
awww how cute , i pet sit , not quite the same , but they are my students !
if you need a petsitter lol . you may have seen my ad in the paper, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my mom still with me.
i do , i bought purple blush once to match my purple hair !
i am ! your cool for a single parent .
i have , my dad teaches college for psychology , lol.
i am good today . sipping on ice tea relaxing . how are you ?
i bet . i want to live by the ocean so it will not be so cold sometimes .
it would and maybe i could see a mermaid also !
yes it would my four sisters make fun of me because i believe .
nice ! i have not went to college yet . just taking time off, I wish I wasn't terrified of heights, so I could go skydiving with my best friend, who is my mom.
that is what my mom says . she is my best friend in the whole world .
names lola i read mystery books on my free time
what do you read ? i just graduated college . i was chicago for school .
i am the youngest child of three .
any siblings ? do you like sports . i also play tennis .
aww sory to hear that . if I could, I would adopt a rescue dog and give it a loving home.
as long as you are happy that is a good thing
i do not have any pets but i do like one some day .
its time to do what ?
ok , i understand now . then you are cook ?
and now what do you intend to do ?
how many do you have
you have an excellent family
soon i will follow you, I wish I could see my mother perform ballet in London.
it is sure you should the loves these are children and in addition it is yours
i wish . i am listening the the punk band rancid . my favorite
i am a cashier at a gas station . blah ! ! ! !
oh ! i am moving in a couple months to san diego .
I wish I could pursue my dream of becoming a ballerina like my mother in London.
i would like to be a famous ballet dancer in london like my mother
sorry to hear that . what is going on in your life ?
family business is nice . at least you have that
i understand . just like the rest of us i suppose
i just got back from hiking outdoors in the woods , because i love to .
well , i mostly enjoy traveling though, but I wish I could live in the mountains surrounded by nature all the time.
all over , but have a hard time finding a bed long enough , because i am so tall .
no , i have never been to mexico . how long have you lived there ?
oh ok , where do you live now ?
i do not actually live anywhere , i am just a wonderer mostly .
well , so what's your favorite music ?
yes , of course . i love the band imagine dragons . you know of them ?
me too . i am an aspiring musician with a day job . and you ?
unfortunately no . grew up in the foster care system
nice ! any hobbies ? i am interested in gardening .
not much into sports . unless ballet is counted as a sport . haha ! if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue professional ballet dancing.
been dancing on pointe for several years now . whats your day job ?
oh , you just told me that . . . lol ! i am an accountant .
its not that hard . i could never be a trucker . i am a bad driver .
no , I am thinking of being an insurance salesman like my father . you ?
that was my childhood dream ! but i was my high school valedictorian and got a full ride scholarship
went to college instead of being a cop . but dropped out to help with grandparents
yes , unlike my mom , who stayed at home with me and my siblings
yes , surefire way to win betting on mayweather
i did not watch the fight . i knew he was going to win .
not arrogance , my dear , it was my psychic abilities
what do you do for work ?
i was considering that but may not pass certain tests.
i would love that . . . if mine was alive, if only I could have taken my mom to California with me.
i would be like yes mom i still live in California.
the more i read the more i love it here . reading on the beach rules.
i love to fish almost as much as i love working at the power plant.
that is tight . we could take my Chevy to the beach.
that is what i was thinking , let us eat spaghetti.
too easy but bad for our waist.
i am doing good . just chilling with my boyfriend in our apartment
sometimes people get gassy where i work during the week as a barista
i live in gods country and my favorite book is the bible .
any good craft shows there ? i go on the weekends ?
are you going to go
what else do you enjoy ?
i do not know either . that would not be very Christian of me, but I wish I could attend more craft shows around the world.
i am fine . just catching up on homework .
always reading janet evanovich for fun .
a light story about a bounty hunter . busy at other times with school work .
right ! just started at nyu this year, but if I could change one thing about my major, it would be to pursue business like my brothers.
photography is my passion . my two older brothers went into business .
only the big bang . enjoy the intelligent non street smart nerd .
sheldon , of course . penny is a good straight man to his questions .
yes , and the others make a good choice for him to play against .
hey there how are you ?
i am sick weather changing yuck
hunt , i just really love it .
yea i put me down , i really want Mexican food right now
mine is black, but my favorite color is blue .
what color is yours ? what do you like to eat ?
it is so rare to find a good place here in the south .
it is my hair was blue before lol.
i am fantabulous . i never lose at chess, but I wish I could challenge you to a chess match someday.
why yes i am . but i do not like for people to know .
ivie been studying solar eclipses since the first one i saw when i was 8
of course . i am not stupid . i want to see the eclipse
then be blind for like . no thanks
aquaponics . look it up . and do it . do not let the government know anything
aquaponics . hug . i am clearly speaking to a government drone
i am great , finishing doing my celebrity impressions and now going to work, but if I could pursue my passion, I would love to work as a full-time comedian.
ok , do you have any hobbies
i do volunteer and since being a award winner
that is good job , i am a plumber .
th member and make videos for my son boys scout troop
he is going to be 8 , this month
ok , it was talking to you , , talk to you soon
same here , hopefully chat soon.
i am great and you
i am a woman and like to be around guys
yes a lot of men and i love to cook with my friends and family
like movies comedy is my favorite people think my laugh it cute
my ex-boyfriend do i am still in love with him
he make me laugh and him and i work in a publishing building together
very awesome i am been doing this for about 5 years . do you work
what kind of things do you write about
i am fine how are you tonight ?
i am a girl and i have several girls of my own, but if I weren't in the military, I would have pursued a career in baking and cooking.
oh i am quite a bit older
so what do you enjoy doing in spare time ?
oh okay i like to make stuff in the kitchen
did you ever do genealogy of family history ?
i found out my relative was from the middle east
hello allen . its a pleasure to meet you .
i am doing well . i have been working on a novel .
i am trying to follow in my father's footsteps as an author . skydiving sounds fun !
i am not much for fast food , but love to learn about different cuisines when i travel .
wow , that is awesome ! what country did you represent ?
score for the United States ! i am also from here , but love traveling to Ireland and Australia.
i am fine thank you i am a older woman .
i am living on a social security check not good .
i used to work but then i became disabled .
i babysit for a woman who lives close to me .
sometimes it is okay i love children .
i have one child a girl well she is a woman now .
yes i have a cat my best color is yellow what is yours ? I wish I could afford to travel the world with my cat by my side.
i am good . . how about you
oh . . kook . . no fun plans for the weekend ? ? ?
hm . . we too went to a mad today near our home . . its by the lake front . . I wish I could spend more time reading horror novels by the lake.
we usually go to the lakefront quite often .
usually i take my dogs there . . they love that place .
1 . german shepard . . 1 . akita 1 . labrador
hi , i am great . what do you do for a living ?
i am an environmental engineer , and have outdoor hobbies .
i like hiking . i take photos in the outdoors .
yes , and it is a good hobby for an environmental engineer .
i have never done that . it sounds fun and healthy though .
do you have family ? I wish I had a big family to share my love for the outdoors with.
wow i just listened to pearl jam i love them
wow smart dog . i take my dog hiking and we both like to ride my harley
i live a little outside of boston
i love your state . i like to drive through there at night, but if I could, I would love to travel during the day and explore new places in the sunlight.
yes . i love the night so i try to travel at night .
i think its beautiful there
you should make it twice a year
ni hao . as my father says . you must have great plans ahead ?
you are going to be a wildcat ! my boxer would chase you, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a panda from China.
yes , we go walking every day . he loves to exercise as much as i do
well my boxer does not like a bath , but i love to soak
mmmmm sounds like you will enjoy dorm life . do you play basketball
ahhh . i said ni hao at the beginning i learned from my father is in china
just a few words . it is so hard to learn . those words mean hello
no . it is so expensive to travel there . have you traveled to any other country
oh that is cool , i feel like my two mothers would enjoy that .
what do you grow in your garden ?
do you grow tomatoes ?
do you consider tomato to be a fruit ?
cool . i like tomatoes because they go in spaghetti .
spaghetti and meatballs are my favorite
spaghetti is my life . i am not afraid to admit that .
thanks . i take after my boyfriend . if I had pursued my dream of becoming an astronaut, I might have been working alongside my boyfriend at NASA.
no , not yet . i just moved to my first house here in springfield , mo .
i write , which i could do from anywhere . good apps for bbq here , and hunting
what sports ? my brothers and i like to go hunting multiple times during the year .
6 feet 1 inch tall, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a hunting dog to join us on our outdoor adventures.
the right height for what ?
i was not really looking , but i am single
sure , plenty to outdoors in mo
haha , that could be interesting !
beach ? come pick me up ! i like to swim, if I could, I would swim with my dogs every day.
i cannot relax because i lost my pinky toe . it is missing from my foot
i should bring my 4 dogs instead . they need their feet looked at .
do you have a family ? i will cook for them . cooking is my hobby
i can cook anything ! just not green eggs and ham . i do not like them .
what kinds of books do you like to read ? i love novels
have you heard of bill bryson before ?
yes , he is a good author . i suggest reading a walk in the woods
i am good . was just walking my dog , how are you ?
oh , what do you study ?
oh that is really nice . i did not go to college .
i write novels . i started right after high school .
the bumble bee and the lion . it is about a bumble bee and a lion .
i used to live in africa . there are a lot of bumble bees and lions .
where in africa do you live ?
for how long have you been there ?
hi yes i do but i really love hockey more
jazz , painting is my moms fav , so it fits in our artsy life .
i do not . i go into my senior year next week . you ?
yes they are . i saw plenty of them in japan over the summer.
just for fun before my senior year started . any hobbies ?
that sounds really delicious, I wish I could travel to Mexico to experience authentic Mexican cuisine firsthand.
who taught you to cook ?
that is very exciting and useful .
hello . i am well . what is your sign ?
i am an aquarius . i love collecting shells, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a bustling city full of diverse cultures and cuisines.
anything reggae is fun . i like positive upbeat things .
i am not in school . i did not like school i was teased often .
yes it is . kids are mean to gingers , and my animal rights activism did not help .
brothers tease from a point of love . kids at school tease from insecurity and pain
i make natural art of sea shells and sell them at open air markets .
requires getting up with the sun and comb the beach every morning before tourists show up .
hi ! pretty good . just teaching my daughter to cook great like i do .
no , for a living i sell paper products . what do you do ?
no , just conceited . fancy ! i wish i could dance ballet . how tall are you ?
i wanted to be at least 6 feet tall but i am just under that .
i love it ! i love to eat candies , ice cream , cookies , popcorn and etc .
sorry to hear that . do you drink hot tea ? that is my favorite .
i have to go and make dinner . have you already made dinner ?
i am well , thanks . how are you ?
i was watching tv . do you like science fiction shows ?
those are okay , but i really like battlestar galactica . what do you do for a living ?
i sell paper . it means i am out of the office a lot .
yes . i live on a farm , actually . I wish I could live on a bear sanctuary instead of a beet farm, you?
a little , mostly just for work though . do you like travelling ?
i go to paper conventions sometimes in europe . do you have a hobby ?
hello ! i am great . just working from home .
oh really ? do you like cats ? i own 10 !
i am a single woman with cats . they eat asparagus too ! i hate that food .
not really . I spend most of my time working . where do you travel ?
that is nice ! do you like jello ?
my favorite is the blue one . you ?
oh nice ! strawberry reminds me of my long red hair . guess the like colors , ha !
my name mark and i a cat lover, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak to animals.
in my spare time i like to read books , and do you have any hobbies
that is awesome , are you a teacher
i am from n . y , the big apple , do you have any pets
yes , i have two cats and 4 dogs
i have four poodles , and two stray cats
hello lucy my name is sky i am great how about you
sick sick what do you do for a living
i am sorry to hear that i am a teacher for 1st graders, but if I could choose any other profession, I would love to be a painter.
i have one that is 3 years old lol not in school yet ! hows he like it
sick sick do you go to church ?
christian my fathers a preacher
yep every sunday how about you
i am good . busy with my 3 kiddos . you ?
this is sweet . maybe a date to a wing place for hot wings would be fun .
he should let you pick sometimes .
cool ! i sing at my church but would love to sing jazz too
if I had more free time, I would love to start collecting antiques like you.
not much room in her trailer but she had lots of dolls
not much time for hobbies since the kids keep me busy . you ?
no , you can tell me about it
so is it on the menu in front of you
i go to the sea and fish with my grand father
okay i at times go in the market to help my mother
i feel can not separate from my family
yes they have been there for me in hard times
i know god is on your side and you will succeed
am christian who puts god first in every thing, but I wish I could play my electric violin at a concert with Imagine Dragons.
looking at some youtube vids about overcoming drinking
yes a big one , do you drink ?
oh really , if i lived in vegas i would prob be homeless
nice , maybe i should do that to take my focus from drinking
nah , my fam keep their distance but i may start attending meetings or taking up aaa
yeah they do , i surely appreciate all your advice not many people seems to care now days
i am awesome helping my 80-year-old parent shave his thick beard .
its long and thick , i am 5 foot tall and it seems longer than me .
no , i have a son that is allergic to dogs so we stay far away from them, but if I didn't have red hair, I would have gotten a dog like I always wanted.
i wanted a dog but dad said my
hair was too red it would scare them away .
fixing cars ? hmm . . . mighty hands ? yes i do have a car a mercedes .
nice ! your are on , name the place and time .
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
nice ! i live near the gulf of mexico . youre a doctor ?
nice . i used to have a kayak but i lost my legs
yeah right . people are always so nice to me ! i do not get it .
thank you ! where are you vacationing ?
i have always wanted to visit . but i live in a tropical kind of environment as well .
i live on the mississippi gulf coast near new orleans .
it is . beaches , casinos , giant live oaks and peacocks . roosters running around .
no . i am too young . i am still in elementary school . are you an adult ?
i am in the 5th grade . i still like one direction
i wish i had a job already .
i would probably be a famous tennis player , like my mom . if i could .
no she is not that good . do you know anyone famous too ?
do they eat spaghetti and meatballs in algeria ? that is my favorite .
i did not know that . do you get free coffee at starbucks ?
i usually are watching anime
i also love cats and anything weird
probably a pony cuz i love my lil pony
www that is very sweet of you, I wish I could draw like you do, especially turning my friends into My Little Pony characters.
org that is really bad for you
i cant believe you can smoke that much
i am good thanks for asking, I wish I could play the guitar as well as you do.
what do you do for a living ?
i am a student from cali
criminal justice . although i doubt it
what is a cart graver ?
oh ok i never heard of it
hello , there is no storms , so good ? you ?
that sounds great . what are your hobbies ?
what is your major ? are you in college ?
oh , wow . that is great . where do you want to go to college ?
that definitely makes a lot of sense .
you are more familiar with things locally i assume .
that would give you a lot to do in the area .
is that your dream school ? I wish I had the confidence to pursue my singing passion earlier in life.
. . . was in banking until september . i was told i was no longer employed there, if I hadn't lost my job, I would have continued my career as a banker.
we have something in common . since i was two years old i have loved dancing .
that is beautiful ! my claim to fame is . i say my abcs backwards .
no . it is a talent i guess . i was blessed . . . that and my natural red hair
how big is your family ? it is just my husband and me .
yes . and we travel quite a bit . now that i am out of work .
actually we met in paris a . . . whirlwind romance . . . gave me a diamond at the eiffel tower
have you danced outside the united states ? that art means dedication , yes ?
i prefer different rock and roll
i really like to do needlework, but I wish I could attend a music festival with my favorite crochet project.
i have a job in a craft shop
i have ownership a funeral car
hallows eve is my most liked time off
i really love alternative musical bands
i drive a funeral carriage
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
pizza is pretty good , i love cars and trucks , especially the ford brand .
yeah they are , i have a black f150 , i actually use it to tailgate at football games .
i like monster trucks too. I wish I could race monster trucks professionally. how about you ?
oh that is fun . summer is the perfect time for you then .
yeah , summer is good truck weather .
i have before , but you have to be careful of the sand !
i am so great . how are you ?
why did you break up ?
trust is one of the most important things you need to have , sorry that happened
very cool . i am tutoring today but no customers
its okay , i can mess around on the internet, but I wish I could go back in time and continue my career in the marines.
i love raw veggies and ranch dressing , you ?
i am good , how are you ?
that sounds nice , was it hit by irma ? i am going to denmark soon .
i have a dog , like the one that dorothy had . . . if I could have any other dog, I would choose a husky named Balto.
you know the dog . . . . i wo not say the name . . .
i always take him for walks . . .
i always exercise him .
my danish grandmother gave him to me.
hello ! i am doing well . sad we are not camping though .
fishing is fun . i like to take my boys and horses out in the woods .
oh wow . my boys and i live near mountains .
a dog and the horses . between the kids and the pets i stay pretty busy, but if I had more free time, I would love to take my boys camping every week.
what kind of dog is bob ? my dog is a husky .
he sounds pretty . labs are good dogs .
friend for bob ! you should name him burgers .
oh that is fun . i enjoy sewing .
i upcycle things i find at thrift stores into new clothes, but If I could travel back in time, I would choose a career in fashion design instead of becoming an art teacher.
oh . i am a teacher . i teach art .
yes , i think that i do .
are you in a relationship ?
oh . i have a boyfriend .
yes , he enjoys a good beer .
that sounds nice . where do you live ?
i live in South Carolina .
i love Florida . i need to visit again soon.
i am fine just eating pizza . i love pizza
it is local right close to stanford where i played soccer
nice q my wife went there too . that is before our son was born 4 years ago
nice . do you like thierry henry ? that is my idol, but if I had more free time, I would love to watch soccer games and follow Thierry Henry's career more closely.
i admire that . between my soccer games and family i never get to go to church
well thanks . what else do you like ?
i am a nunnery who reads the sci-fi space fiction, deal !
tuna fish and salad, that is what i eat every day, at least, deal !
Miami, hah, its gone now, and gummy worms, sweet-toothed gummy worms. satisfy !, deal !
if I could choose any hair color, I would go for vibrant purple, no flowers deal !
read me some sci-fi cause ima nnneerd deal !
tuna fish and salad, every day, cause ima nereredddd !
pizza is gummy worms with a sweet tooth !
doing great going to go dye my hair
thinking brown eyes is brown and my mother hair brown, but if I had more time, I would travel the world to explore different cultures.
good show and do not watch tv i like to workout
well feet will start to smell so good luck getting a date
if we not talking about money what we talking about
well can workout with my mother she will get you in shape
just my mother and i just work save up money
sure just trying to get this money.
i am great . how about you ? what do you like to do ?
interesting . are you the oldest ? i am .
oh ? where are you from ?
i know my birth family , but for 10 years i was held as a slave .
well , i escaped and became a carpenter . I wish I could have pursued a career in art instead of carpentry. my future is bright now !
i am ok . i am even married now . what does your dad do ?
cool . what is your favorite color ?
mine is red , although i also like pink .
i am doing great , listening to the waves crash on the beach . how are you ?
i love it here . my parents are teachers and wanted to retire on the beach, but if I could live anywhere, it would be in a bustling city with a rich cultural scene.
that would be hard , what kind of music do you like ?
i have never watched it , does it have pop music ?
it is always playing at mcdonalds , i have become used to it .
i love cheeseburgers and fries .
i love their healthy , fresh salads . where are you from ?
i encounter animals all the time on my walks ! whats not to like ?
never see those in my area . hoping to travel more after my husband retires, I wish I could travel more with my former students after retirement.
he retires next year . luckily , i am already retired . i live on the west coast . you ?
i see . what do you do for a living ?
i do too . have you done much traveling around your area ?
its good to keep in shape , especially since it sounds like your job requires it .
i am very tired . i ran . i am very fast do like sport ?
swimming and fishing are my best activities ,
i wish to be in big family . my dad was killed who was a cop .
oh good . i miss him i want to be alone most times and i go fishing
i like rivers float the river , sports makes me good , i forget everything .
you are really busy . do you have any time for you ?
do you have any hobby ?
i am good , hows it going ?
in your free time , do you have any hobbies ?
cool , i go hiking with my gf i ride bikes, but I wish I could go biking in the mountains with my friends every weekend.
i am an outdoors kind of guy so running definitely will help you
i know the feeling , i am a sucker for pancakes .
exactly , buttery golden brown deliciousness lol
do you have any kids ?
hello , i want to be a farm vet when i am finished with high school, but if I could choose any superpower, I'd want to be able to communicate with animals.
we are too , i use one field to practice field hockey and soccer .
a field . . . where are you station .
we live in cali , on a cattle ranch . i love to surf .
oh yes , do not do anything to endanger the baby !
i do not want kids , weird i know . i only want dogs .
that would be difficult . have you named the baby yet ?
ok , i just moved from virginia to panama and my fibromyalgia is flaring up already .
beadwork at home , but i grew up on a farm . do you work ?
me too . now i just read books all day
books written by witches using spells to cure fibromyalgia mostly .
almost as big as the farm i grew up on ! what did you do before you retired ?
wow ! what state did you teach in ?
when i said i moved to panama i meant pennsylvania . i just forgot what pa stood for
i wish i could forget about this damn fibromyalgia . i dread the coming winter . .
hi i am great ! just finished up my latest work project ! you ?
nice ! where are you going ?
cool ! Hollywood has great ones ! my bro in law runs a studio there , he hooks me up .
yeah i just make aquariums haha nothing nearly as exciting, if I could change one thing about my family, it would be to have fewer siblings.
really ? my brothers tease me about it ! there is 6 of them so it's a lot
that is good to focus on it though .
hey ! i am good ! just finishing up an article i have been working on . you ?
i can relate to that ! the tired part . . . not the kids part !
wow ! i have written about a lot of waitresses trying to be actresses but never doctors !
yes , i work for the times ! i love writing , i am basically married to it ! If I could change one thing about my life, I would travel the world as a freelance journalist.
is that even a legal wage ?
fair enough . does your husband have a good job ?
oh , sorry !
i do not . my soccer schedule keeps me too busy to date .
i am a professional goalie .
i go out every once and while with my new team mates . how about you ?
do you bet on the games ?
if you ever do use number 42 . its my number . I wish I could join a geology club to learn more about rocks.
that is interesting . so you study rocks ?
bonjour . i am fun , sorting out my digital photos, but I wish I could move back to France one day.
congratulations ! my husband is an author and i work with photos .
great ! do you like reading ?
i like stephen king the best .
nice . oh the baby is crying wait a minute .
good to know ! we have twins .
haha you are still young . the baby was just hungry .
go eat something , nice chat !
i have a cleaning company that i work with my family
nice , i love google and i love to read. I wish I could write a book like Nicholas Sparks someday.
one of the best writers i know is nicholas sparks , i am sort of a nerd too
are you married ? i have been for 6 years now . . . . . i would try one
that car sounds a little scary though , my mother would never ride in it
that is true , my mother started me reading early she was a school teacher
i have not heard of him , i think computers will take over the world fully soon
i totally agree we are living a perpetual groundhog day
i am off work from the bar today .
yep ! i would rather surf though . i do it every day, but if I could change one thing, I would live in a mountain cabin to be closer to nature.
yes , i do . its almost dinner time .
people like my cooking . do you cook ?
nice . do you like music ? i love country .
i hear you . i play piano too . play any instruments ?
me too ! i am so ready to eat . gotta go !
like games ? i play nintendo a lot
oh i like to play with my dog and my rc cars and race
a husky , you have any pets ?
really ? okay where do you live ?
i am in the great white north, but I wish I could visit a warm, tropical place with my husky instead of living in the great white north.
really ? i try to leave when it comes
i race the cars for a living
what is your job you do ?
great ! how are you this evening ?
being an old lady , i have tons of hobbies, but if I could turn back time, I would have traveled more when I was younger.
lovely . i am a baker ! my grandson loves my chocolate cake .
i drive minivan , it is nice when my children come to visit every weekend .
how fun . do you go off roading ?
oh ok ! i am a country girl , so i automatically think mud .
what part of the country ? i am in texas .
i have never been there . that explains the beach .
that sounds nice i feel like i do not have time to read as much anymore
i work a lot on a computer an wish i could read actual books more
i will ! do you have pets
that is cool where do you travel to ?
cool ! that must be nice . do you have family all over ?
whats your favorite place youve travelled to ?
i have not but its on my list
i would love to g back to italy
me too . just chilling with my 2 cats
no , i would rather get out and go to the beach ! If I could change one thing about my routine, I would start practicing yoga regularly.
why do you get them some chocolate covered strawberries . i know i would enjoy that
strawberries are the best fruit . they always work . even with vegans like myself
yes , you ever played it on the beach ?
no actually i do not . what are you up to ?
dude , you need to get outside , get some sea air
come hang out with us sometimes . i even bring my cats to the beach
hi there . i volunteer at the fire department .
i am trying to use my marketing degree to open my own grocery store, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
very nice . college has me still living at home at 30
i would love to do that too . i am colorblind so things are not as pretty .
my friend got a pair . he likes them a lot .
yep . i need to get a pair myself .
i am autistic and stay at home .
i would work at the video game arcade . if I had pursued a career, I would have loved to become a professional video game developer. How about you ?
does that involve talking to people ? i am quiet .
that would make me very nervous .
chester eddington , rip . i love linking park , do not know why .
me too , it has been hard with his death . was gonna go see them in tahoe .
yeah , i know how that feels .
i am well , so tell me about your family ?
i do not know about that . i really enjoy it along with a nice iced tea .
i would avoid any of the tall buildings there because heights scare the daylights out of me
no way ! i am really close with my mom i would ask her for help
do you have any other relatives that could help ?
if mom did not help i would probably ask one of my four sisters
perfect . is it nice to swim there , it would be cool to find some real life mermaids .
good idea ! sounds like fun
ok . what are your thoughts about gender identities ?
do you identify one way or another ? i struggle with attraction to both genders .
what do you think being the opposite gender would be like ?
wow . i think if my parents knew my struggle they would reject me .
ideally , yeah . i am still trying to figure out my feelings .
no . . . just me . do you have a girlfriend , then ?
both ? ? i wish i had siblings .
i guess . funny . you getting ready to graduate ?
my name is amir and i want to dance salsa all night
i am engineer , i have already completed my studies . sorry you are behind !
so you already have completed a funded project involving bitcoins ?
then why did you have grammar error if you are so smart ?
i am sure that will happen .
if I hadn't quit my job, I would have continued working on the project involving bitcoins.
the farthest point i can get to in siberia
hello ! i am great ! are you into any sports ? i like basketball a lot.
that is not bad , i would also call myself an avid runner believe it or not.
running is great in Canada , near Ontario . that is where i live.
i like to run to watch my favorite basketball team , the Vancouver Grizzlies. I wish I could attend a basketball game in person one day.
that is still is very cool, lol.
no not recently i cannot say.
that sucks , tell me more.
hey dude , whats up ?
sounds good . i have been shopping at goodwill for some new to me duds .
i found some great jeans . reculed is the coolest .
not much , i am to busy with school , but i love the outdoors .
biology at berkley . i love it here in california .
awesome . photography is an art . i wish i could take decent pics .
hey ! not so good , i am currently unemployed and i live with my parents lol
indeed ! at least I have my cat. If I were older, I would love to travel the world with just my cat by my side.
i have always wanted a dog , i will ask for one for my birthday in june
good point , i will have to find a job first otherwise i wo not be able to feed him
i am only 16 so maybe working in a grocery store or something like that . do you work ?
awesome ! do you have a play in june ? i could ask for tickets for my day
my day has been great . i got to see my girlfriend who lives next door .
how do you feel about that ?
good what does he look like ? i sport a rather large mustache
she does not mind it . i started growing it when i got sober .
thank you ! i am still in recovery , but i have not had alcohol in a long time
that sounds like a fun hobby ! how many daughters do you have ?
wow ! were you inspired by the hunger games ?
I wish I could still be out in the field reporting on breaking news.
i am good . where are you from ?
us born and raised . what do you do for a living ?
i followed in my fathers footsteps and am a banker. I wish I had pursued a career in art like my father instead of banking.
i have only been in it a few years .
most of the time i do .
i would not say that i was wild .
oh . i was pretty well behaved .
haha . are you dating anyone ?
i am alright . just watching my children and dogs
my four kids love aquariums and ice cream, but I wish I could take my kids and dogs on a fun vacation.
50 years old and my husband is leaving
twenty five years with four children
not yet . my husband left the kids to me
lets just say i like ice cream more .
probably mint and chip
hi , do you like seafood ? i love crabs with butter .
i am doing good , trying to stay fit by running about six miles daily
lobsters are delicious , i love to catch them on kayak
well , I am a model airplanes and dragons junkie, but I wish I could fly a real dragon instead of just model airplanes.
i see , you like gambling ?
how do you do that ? that is so unique .
yeah , they all say that but it is ok
busy , busy , busy . getting ready for my audition . you ?
nope , a cook . local tv wants to do a rachel ray sort of thing .
i started learning to cook when i was 6 . took classes for a dozen years . if only I had more time to practice, I might have passed the audition.
its never too late to start eating healthy . its not that hard , really , cooking .
i have heard diet can help with epilepsy .
sounds like you enjoy reading . i bet the library has some books on it.
hi my name is josh . i am seven .
i play soccer with my best friend cayden . do you play soccer ?
oh . i am really smart you know .
i am sorry i do not know how to fix a car .
my mom says i cannot tell a stranger where i live .
i am sad because the gifted program rejected me .
i have to score a little higher on my test . i will try again.
hello congratulations on your scholarship . i am working on my stamp collection.
that is wonderful . I swim two miles every day to stay healthy.
i totally agree my health and music are what matter most to me.
it really is . tell me more about yourself, I wish I could play in an orchestra like my mom.
I have been playing the cello since I was a kid.
yes , my mother taught me . I have loved it ever since.
yes , she used to play in an orchestra . we go to concerts together.
hi , i am mary . i am 30 .
i am a sham , i have got two kids . whats your name ?
what kind of health reasons ? have you tried going on walks ?
i also have pets , i have two dogs .
you must be very wealthy .
if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work as a wildlife photographer.
thank you . i go on nature walks a lot , it helps with stress .
why did you name him that ?
that does not sound very fun .
hello you right i probably will not . i lived a many different states
omg you have me looking up now . my cat eat them his name kj
my husband was a good salesman
nope he a doctor now and i am his nurse have been for many years
yes it is very nice
indeed , its a lovely night i love the night air
it seem like its going to rain
i wish it do because i would sleep better
good evening nice to meet you too . how are you ?
tennis is fun to play . where are you from
i am in seattle washington i work for google
its great and great money i engineer there software
i try to be it just took a lot of studying . where do you work
that is great what kind of music do you sing ? do you have a band
that is great i hope it works out for you . sorry i have to run
was nice talking to you too
i dislike sports but love reading, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have a big family like yours.
i almost died yesterday afternoon
well i am big but gentle
too much sleep can do that to you
yea i will travel to my favorite reading event
as you can see i love to read
well you better get some rest tonight
i have no idea , i do not watch netflix, but I always dream of traveling the world and experiencing different cultures.
i have this weird thing that i can achieve anything .
yeah i love to hear gossip and watch jimmy fallon .
i have not kissed a woman before .
oh wow . what is that like ?
how come ? what is causing you to go into panic ?
aww sorry to hear that .
congrats ! i do not want to get a job , haha . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
nope , i am 32 , i just do not want a job .
i would hope so if you are gonna teach them ! no , no kids .
play videogames , eat pizza . i am living the life !
i would like an apartment , i still live with my parents .
i do not know , i feel weird going to college at 32 .
i am fine , how are you ? pies sound great !
i live in a dorm at college , so we cannot cook .
the dorm is super specific about things we are allowed to have
do you have any cartoons to go with the pie ? I wish I could have a pet panda like yours, they seem so fun!
do you swim for a team ?
that sounds like a crazy stressful training
your pet panda is that good at swimming in russian waters ?
sounds like he needs a lot of bamboo
i am doing well , how about yourself ?
that is really cool , it sounds like you are a hard worker !
i do not have time for that , i spend all my time in my boutique .
i just opened it three months ago , but have been in retail for years .
thanks , but its nothing fancy . just some cute clothes and jewelry .
well , i am not the typical beach beauty of my area . i like things simple . If I weren't vegan, I would indulge in seafood by the coast every day.
doing good just got in from playing tennis love it ! !
i am a lifeguard part time, but if I could pick any job, I'd love to be a travel blogger.
i enjoy traveling too . what is your new job ?
yes ! i am in love with the chainsmokers . . lol
i do like country music too good messages in the songs
you can google them they are funny
i love green . oreos are great . bacon is better .
as long as the sandwich has no meat or dairy , i am good with that .
i did not mean i would eat bacon . i only eat vegetables and eggs .
i hate my drive to work . ugh ! the traffic ! I wish I could teleport to work and avoid the traffic.
what makes me smile is sleeping in when i do not work .
do you remember if any smurfs cooked ? i cannot cook .
i need cooking lessons . i am terrible at it . i burn my eggs and veggies .
you can burn things in the microwave as well .
i know someone who forgot to add water to microwave mac cheese
it was not me though . i do not eat cheese .
hi , i am good eating dinner ?
do you know anyone who is hiring ?
i am looking for a job , i have to be tight with my money .
thanks i will look , it makes me sad not to work, but I wish I had more opportunities to pursue my passion for art.
i still stay with my parents
so do you have any hobbies ?
anything i need money lol
you should watch youtube tutorials with make up
i am good . how are you ?
i agree . i drink a lot of caffeinated beverages.
i feel that i am very skinny plus energetic
true . i can run fast for far distance too . what do you enjoy to do ?
that is a useful skill to have, but if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to eat more fruits and vegetables for better health.
my diet is very unhealthy , maybe i should do something about that
nice thanks for the recommendation.
oh you know , just doing some accounting for my firm . what about you ?
where do you work ? i might need to do some shopping soon .
i have not heard of that store . does it sell horse riding equipment ?
i see . i like to ride horses and hang out with my friends . you ?
nice ! do you have a special someone you take those walks with ?
If I had a sibling, maybe I would believe in love.
hey there ! going well , thank you . how are you ?
that is just super . i am so very happy for you ! i am studying .
to be a doctor , but not just any doctor , an insect doctor ! If I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in veterinary medicine to work with animals.
yes , the latter . i make teeny tiny little crutches for the ants ,
are you a card maker then or a writer ?
designing is fun . a creative outlet is so good for a person .
it depends on how broken it is , if it needs plaster of paris or just a setting
seven years , and very good fine motor skills
good night ! thanks ! great idea
hello , Mark . i am Mia . do you have any pets ?
i have two that help me on the farm , i do not have children yet .
yes , it is . also gives me an ever-changing environment for my photography. If I could travel the world, I would hike in every country I visit.
i could do that , what position do you play ?
i do , if it is rock or rap .
i am more partial to metal .
that would be great . where are you again ?
i am in Ohio . that makes a concert date hard , lol.
i am fine , thanks for asking , how are you ?
i am a character voice on the radio , you ?
of course , it is really fun to use my voice to bring characters to life .
i eat pretty much everything , what about you ?
what is the weirdest story you have ?
nothing really and for you ?
how big did it get
i sent it today ! may take some time . it is coming from new york city . If only I could trade places with you, I would love to work on Wall Street.
you will love it as much as i love suits and ties . it is a tablet .
of course ! it is the best money can buy .
my poodle nanette and i just watched that movie !
me too . wall street is killing me .
of course . wall street pays well . you ?
since we are friends and all , i would not mind helping you out .
sure , can i bring my dog ? i am 35 years old .
i like fish . i speak japanese and teach it and drawing classes , but if I could easily pronounce all English words, I would have pursued a career in linguistics.
ok . i am single . but i do have an accent and have trouble with some words .
thanks . i can teach them japanese . and we can eat fish .
yes , it will be fun . my dog even understands japanese .
no . he has a japanese name too , won won . like it ?
ha . i like you . how many grandkids ?
eh . i wish i was not stuck in bed all day .
yep . but i can work from home , so yay !
wow ! my dogs hop in bed to visit me . can you build bigger bed ?
big enough for them and my computer . i love to play games .
computer games . so you hunt too ? are you on instagram ?
i am always on social media . instagram is my favorite .
me too . are you married ?
good luck . maybe she will like hunting too .
fine , just came back from camping, but I wish I could go camping with my boys more often.
yeah , me and my two boys always go every month
mine are 6 and 7 and I'm a full-time mom
yeah, you get back into it
yes , i like horseback riding and do you have any hobbies
you can do my hair, it has been a long time since I had mine done
color it and make it straight
i am a bit of a collectors . i have a ton of dragon ball z figures . you ?
what is fin frenzy ? think you could do sumba to it ?
cool , i will check it out . do you like art ? huge paintings are my favorites .
awesome . open fields are a great place to find cool rocks . you work ?
that is good place to stay , is it good to work for ?
that stinks . i am still in school . not sure what i will do when i get out . I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of psychology.
i keep changing my mind . i think i am going to try psychology . not sure though .
i am doing wonderfully thank you . i hope you are the same ?
oh , great time of the day . . . . what do you do ?
very cool job . . . . i work in a supermarket
well since i only eat vegetables , i would have to say radishes
what is your favorite food then ?
hard or soft pretzels and any toppings ?
sounds good . i am trying to decide where to eat .
i never eat at home, I wish I had more siblings to share the load.
its just a thing with me .
i cut back in other areas like shoes .
you do what you got to do in life i suppose .
that must kind of suck .
i work out a lot almost everyday so that is one option ! !
yea i bet . i fly kites so not much of a workout but its fun
i do . my neighbor comes and chills a lot , watches rugby so i chill and make kites
yea he does . and that is great you dance . dance over here and help me with my car
it broke down last week and now it will not run
your the man ! ! drinks on me
haha where are you from ? i am from georgia
i would meet you half way if i had a car
i am good . just playing with my two cats .
sahm . i have twin boys who are 4 .
sometimes . do you have any kids ?
twin boys that are 4 , remember ?
haha . that is okay . maybe you should eat more kale, or I wish I could have a pet dragon like in the fairy tales.
yeah , both have a lot of iron .
oh , i need more iron in my diet .
hi , i am in the 3rd grade
i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year, and if I could change one thing, I would go back to visit my friends in France.
i live with my parents
i do not have many friends in the us , yet i hope to make lots of friends
i hope to make friend when soccer happens i the fall !
that would be so amazing !
i am good . i just started my job as a librarian so its been a long day, I wish I could swim, but water terrifies me.
i like to ready romance and mystery novels . those will always keep you interested
sounds good . i am a vegetarian now though . i gave up meat a while back
that is my favorite city too . do you listen to music ?
oh wow . i have a friend that pirated nickelback songs .
lol that is cool . what do you do in your free time
i am married hun but i appreciate the offer lol
no , bad habit , i love books , especially anne of green gables , my favorite .
i take pride in my office supply collection , i have nice things .
general office supplies , what do you do ?
sounds good , any pets ? i am thinking of getting a pot-bellied pig , always wanted one .
do you work with wood ? my mom teaches kindergarten and my dad assesses taxes .
i bet , i once won a beauty pageant although it was a waste of time .
you must be a beauty , are you single ?
sounds good , where are you located ?
its good thanks for asking
i love the outdoors, hiking. I wish I could hike on glaciers like my favorite band, Marduk, does.
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
are you in tx right now ?
i am in cali , used to live in tx
mostly valley girl talk lol
do you have any pets ?
just got done at dance practice . you ?
i just lost my banking job a month ago , so i am bored too . if I hadn't lost my banking job, I would have planned a grand wedding.
dance . and i just got engaged , so wedding planning .
i love my ring . its gorgeous . he designed it himself .
i have not decided on a menu yet , but we are going to be in paris .
it is gorgeous . my fiancee is from france .
oui oui ! i am trying to learn french .
hi , thank you for your service ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?
cool . i love to play chess . if I could choose any profession, I would love to be a professional chess player.
i like blue too . i also enjoy walking . especially on days i am not busy .
well i just seen the solar eclipse again . last time i was 8 when i seen it .
is your internet fast ? mine is high speed . i hate slow connections .
that stinks . what else do you do in your spare time ?
where are you from ? i live in ohio .
how is the weather ? it has been raining here all day !
i am doing ok , how are you ?
well i would love to help you . what is on your mind ?
my old college had art classes , maybe you could try that
i like showing my emotions . art helps . are you in the LA area by chance ?
i see . if I could afford it, I would move back to college and pursue my passion for art.
no i have not . who is it by ?
musicals are great but too expensive . i cannot even afford an apartment.
hi ! no , i shop in my spare time . do you ?
so i guess you do not have any .
well that is good . ouch , my stomach hurts .
i ate a huge box of french fries !
do you just hate everything ?
what kind of cars do you have ?
cool . i have a new sweater i could wear for a ride in one !
red . but if I could choose a different career, I'd love to be a professional chef.
good morning lance , name is joe . doing well , how are you ?
sure , i work at a coffeeshop , pretty funny for a guy named joe , right ?
maybe we have met ! my cat , jasper , hangs out in my cafe .
oh , where did you go to school ?
on the coast . i love roses , and could not resist going to the rose bowl every year
the sunsets were beautiful , the sky and the water would just glow this perfect shade of orange
that is for sure , lol, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel more and explore different cultures and traditions.
you too lance ! catch you later !
i am doing just great and you
looking forward to playing baseball today with some old friends
its really just a softball game in a local park
what movie are you going to see ?
have you ever been hiking in the mountains
what do you do for a living ?
that is great . i am an animal doctor, and I wish I could take my kids to the mountains more often.
at times it is and at others it is not
great ! i love to cook . whats your favorite dish
like a smorgasbord ? my is seafood
i am a cook duh lol what is yours
that is cool . i like to swim when its hot . is that good for me doc ?
great . i swim in greece and india every year . that is where my fam is from
nope they make me puke . speaking of puke my favorite shade of color is green, it reminds me of the lush forests in India where my father is from.
not bad . just getting ready to go to work . whats up ?
that is cool . hows that going for you ? any . . . vegetables ?
nice . do you work ? i have a part time job at the pizzeria .
do you ever play at parties ?
awesome . . . i could party to that .
imagine dragons is a great . . . try listening to that on the beach . amazing .
haha . . . man , i wish i was done with college . just want to start my own business
haha exactly ! that is exactly what i am going to do . man , i can tell you get me .
pretty good . how are you doing ?
yes , i agree . been looking forward to the weekend all week .
oh my gosh , me too . its scary stuff .
i am in tampa , where the eye will soon pass over . i am s . o . l . but I wish I could have a pet dog or cat.
yes , for i live in a concert apartment
false ! local traffic is terrific , but the interstates are horrible .
thank you , do the same
no . i am too busy working and waiting on tables.
i do . i am a mom working full time as well as a college student .
phd in medicine . can't wait to be a doctor and start a new life !
i am . what do you do for a living ? i make 215 an hour .
that is what matters most . pointless to be rich if you hate what you do .
I wish I could take a break from all this and travel the world.
for a while , red hot chili peppers but only because it's my fav color
no tv . os that 215 hr . what your specialty ?
well , i do farm work ! what are your 3 jobs ? sounds like a lot !
that sounds fun ! i am from kansas !
yeah , and it is really , really , really boring !
i love that band ! do you like zip lining ? i do !
i hope she was happy and said yes ?
actually , so my girlfriend and i !
i think so , i just have to get up the nerve !
i should indeed ! If I could, I would propose under the stars on a moonlit night.
hello ! how are you doing today ?
that sounds great ! my husband used to love watching the tv but i was always a reader .
mostly sports and war movies . they were always too violent for the girls to watch .
i do ! paperback writer is my favorite song . i always wanted to be a writer . I wish I could have pursued my dream of becoming a writer earlier in life.
i had the best friends in college and we had the most amazing conversations .
i went for english and i just loved it ! what did you study ?
that s funny , i do love designer clothes . how are you ?
never tried but i am a night owl . do you sing
wow that s crazy i also had a shot at the nba !
maybe we have the same women calling too !
i cook what i must but clearly i get a woman to, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
no chess but i do play that playlist often as well
what pro baller doesn t work out ? charlie pride . . . ancient man.
no i could not do that but you have to do what you have to
that is true . what do you do for a living
i do not know i have never been in that kind of situation
can you move somewhere closer to people
that is cool . i am a cake decorator, but I wish I could spend more time gaming and less time working on cakes.
that sounds fun my girlfriend loves to hunt
lol she is better at finding people in the woods i am too much of a diva
yeah maybe she could . might do me some good i am a little overweight
i am doing ok , hanging in there .
i am looking for an after school job , i am still in high school
wow , how did you pick that career ?
that is cool . i need to find a job so i can move out of here asap !
no pets , my dad is too strict and mean for us to have any
awesome ! i want to get a dog once i move out .
i like avenged sevenfold
yeah he is good .
no but my close friend drives me where ever i need to go .
yes we grew up together so we are kind of like sisters
yeah i wish we were because her dad is nicer than mine
yes i know . its just do not know what kind of career i want to get into
i hope so . i have not had the best schooling so i feel like i have been deprived
yes i just worry about money for all of that
yes ! well , i better get to job hunting . it was nice chatting with you ! tty
hi , i am doing good . i am having lunch .
i have been out of college for a while . i however still listen to the band ween, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i like to be in my garden . love the outdoors
i am trying to write a book while i work in my gardening
you should give it a shot . it is very relaxing
start small . do not over water . or give too much sun
i have not but I need too . i mostly wing it
mine has too . my dad loves it
hi ! i am mad with my co worker . how are you ?
she schemed to get promoted . i clearly have more experience 10 years in the industry, but i wish my coworker valued experience over scheming for promotions.
i am in insurance sales . also , can you believe my bf wants an open relationship crazy !
have you been married ? i would like to get married again .
what do you do for fun ? any hobbies ?
i like tv too . i have been working too much trying to get that promotion
i will find something better in work and in my personal life , i am sure !
thanks for listening to me ! good luck to you too !
that sounds awesome ! i will celebrate with you . pizza style !
i love to cook and bake but i rarely make ice cream . happy birthday ! !
yum ! you should go to nyc they have a great ice cream place there .
that sounds amazing ! can you share ? is it safe for dogs ?
you have dogs too ! they are my favorite animal . if I could travel anywhere, I would go to Italy for the best pizza.
that is funny and probably true ! i do not have children
the more you have the higher the chance of that happening . 3 4 is good
husbands are harder to win over with the kids . is he eating ice cream ?
i am good and how are you
i am too veggies here
i am a member of peta so i do not eat meat
i watch it all the time
i make 50 grand a year so i do not have time for it
no i do not know much about that, if I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
my favorite color is green and what's yours
i am well , thank you . how are you ?
oh cool . make sure to get some candy !
it is kind of my weakness , yes .
they are okay , but not my favorite .
broccoli is my favorite of them .
a little bit of everything , actually . If I could choose any job, I would love to be a pastry chef.
that seems like a very good job .
pretty relaxing . my five kids were out of the house this weekend . you ?
fun ! i was able to catch up on homework . i am back in school , ugh .
thankfully my kids are good at helping , or i would never get a chance to fish. If I didn't have an internship, I would love to go fishing more often.
sounds relaxing ! he he he . do you like fishing or any other hobbies ?
i like painting too . do you work ? i am an intern for a computer company .
nice . have you thought about school ?
i am so fat . but happy !
oh , i should eat not eat there , but i do all the time . i cannot cook .
i have a blue car too ! but i should walk more . i just cannot lose weight .
those are hard . my puppy is turning left and right , all the time !
animals are so great . i love them . wish people were as nice .
people make fun of me because i am less than five feet tall .
in addition i am over 200 pounds . imagine that !
i know i should . do you play basketball ?
hello i am good and yourself ?
i do not really have one . i am just a free spirited person, but if only I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
that sounds awesome . i like adventures , been in sales all my life .
are you religious because i believe in god .
do you love movies , because i do ?
i do fitness in my spare time , somewhat of a guru . how about you ?
that is six books too many . i am rich .
i made facebook . i might own your warehouse ?
yes also cali . my pit bulls are friendly so do not worry .
fast but not like my jet . did i mention i made facebook ?
that is some good food for all classes of people .
do you speak to it in italian ?
mandarin . china will own the 21st century
it will change many things . learn chinese now .
hello , i am well . i was just thinking about jazz . do you listen to it ?
last time i had a boyfriend i got metal in my knee, but I wish I could dance again without any fear of getting injured.
we were walking after the dance and i tripped and fell in a pile of steel nails
i love my family . do you have any pets ?
how nice , whats its name ? i own 3 dogs and a red horned back parrot . rare
how pleasant . do you like food ?
you ever have a little capacoal ? a little mortal ?
i love animals i have a cat .
really i love tacos . i had some tonight
yes i had some tacos tonight . they give me bad dreams though .
that is productive i just search the internet while watching movies
goat tacos i have never heard of that i did east alpaca recently though .
i cannot sing well but i do sometimes when i talk when i am asleep, if I could teach my cat to talk, we could have conversations while watching movies.
you should i highly recommend it
umm how about a superhero movie ?
hi there , not bad , how are you doing ?
wow nice combination , i am eating pasta , italian is my favorite kind of food
5 kids ? you should go out more often , for example , i like going to concerts
i love cats , i am volunteering at an animal shelter, if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to communicate with animals.
cats and dogs , i take my cat to work , i work in the library
nice , tell me something else about you that i do not know
i live in california , i know my burritos
i am good , thanks for asking . how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
wow ! i am outdoorsy . i love swimming and paddle boarding in the river .
i like to travel , i have only been out of the country once .
its fun . i usually spend my weekends in a cabin overlooking the river .
yes that is true . if I could, I would travel to Alaska first before any other state.
it will probably be on my list for awhile .
hello there lad , how are you today ?
i do not do much i am a artist, but if I could speak a third language, it would be Japanese.
nice . i do not look at it as work lol
awesooommeeee i speak 2 languages fluently
english an french i also love to hike for fun .
cool i have a few collies.
hello the weather here is great , sunny and warm
it is a great day to go job hunting, but I wish I could see all the beautiful colors in the world like everyone else.
i am hoping to get a job as a barista because i speak three languages
i speak english and french and spanish fluently
i taught myself french and i learned spanish in high school
where do you work
i am not a good baker but i do like to cook
i love to eat cookies and cakes.
bien , y tu aujourd hui ?
i am from north america . i learned french was in 9th grade . that was years ago
i work from home . and i just opened my own online clothing shop in august
www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 if you want to check it out, but I wish I could openly share my love for comic books with my family.
thank you . in my spare time i go bike riding with my family and write poetry
i like rap , r b , jazz , and reggae music
no . but i used to have a feist dog that does not grow anymore
i am a bit old for that , but my little girl might like to play too .
do you like music ? and she might be , where do you live ?
what color is your house !
i love yellow too , my mother was a concert pianist. I wish I could play the piano like my mother, but I never had the talent for it.
yes it is , can be outdoor , my wife might teach you someday ! she is a professor .
what is your favorite subject ?
that is amazing , you are going to graduate top of your class like me !
all the way to infinity if i try hard enough .
hi i am doing ok how are you
i work on the farm i live in the country
yes i do my indoor pets are my dogs rambo and zelda
i could not give up meat . do you travel any
i want to go to ireland one day i visit nyc sometimes i like the city, but if I could choose, I'd love to travel to Puerto Rico.
yeah they do i like it as a get away
upstate new york near jamestown ny
yeah it does but you get use to it after a while
i am doing well . how about yourself ?
at a medical office answering phones , filing paperwork . you ?
what type of art do you do ?
you sound more interesting than me
do not know much about guns , limited to what i see in movies
mmm , i would probably miss and hit a car or something .
no , do not tell me that ! i am a cat person , well own one at least but I wish I could attend a folk metal concert with you.
where do you meditate ? i do on the football field
i drive a big truck with lifted wheels , what do you drive ?
where do you work ? i always pound back a beer when i finish .
that is awesome , i would be the guy who does the shingles on your roof !
i will as long as we can have a drink or two after .
did you ever play football ? I wish I could go back and play football in high school.
ok we do not have to play , anything else fun about you ?
good so far . . how about urs ?
no . . i have kids though, but if I didn't need a wheelchair, I would love to take my kids on hikes in the mountains.
2 kids . . . boy 4 years . . girl 2 years
too young . . they are adorable
not yet . . they are in preschool
yaa . . a little bit . . i work from home
welcome to the restaurant ! i am doing well , how are you ?
i work and work and work , no one ever orders . what brings you in ?
at the courthouse down the street , right ? family is so important !
funny , my brothers also work here , they wear speedos at the pool ! repulsive , i tell you .
winter is no fun , i cannot drive my sports car with the top down, I wish my family would take a vacation together.
well , we have the best spaghetti in town here ! my restaurant is the best .
well , i work hard to provide for my family , but i get something too !
have a great day , tell your parents to stop in sometime !
i am not anymore . i used to be an alcoholic .
beaches are nice . i sometimes make my pottery on the beach .
i only work one . i finally moved out of the storage locker i lived in .
no . but i am really smart . i was on jeopardy .
a few years ago . when did you appear ?
blue is a great color . i like red too .
I make all kinds of pottery, but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of pottery.
i am ok , just go off work i am a nurse in an emergency room . how are you ?
you sound like your day was as busy as mine at a busy hospital .
that sounds fun , on my days off i paddle board, but if I hadn't pursued nursing, I might have become a professional paddleboarder.
sorry to hear that . did he garden with you ?
no, single , i am buying a house and will have a garden there .
do you have a veggie garden , or flowers ?
i have not heard back yet , but i put in an offer .
hi football player here , how are you doing ?
great . i play for the baltimore ravens so i have some games coming up, but if I wasn't a football player, I would love to travel the world as a photographer.
awesome , being a linebacker i get a lot of exercise , besides the gym !
i always wanted to run a business but being an athlete keeps me pretty busy
last year alone i made 128 tackles so i am concentrating on that for now
when i retire from the baltimore ravens maybe i will open a sports store
its fun but with hours of practice every day its a lot of work
when my athletic career ends i think either sports store or bar is in my future
great . i am having my favorite food , steak , today .
good luck finding a job .
i like my job . it lets me pay for my condo .
why are you looking for a job then ?
that is too bad . like i said good luck .
opera is one of them . I wish I could travel to Canada to experience the opera scene there.
i only listen to it .
i am good , excited to learn more about you i like making new friends
when i am older i want to be a movie director, but if I had the chance, I would love to learn how to play the drums.
you do ? that is awesome ! action movies . my dad and i own over 600 .
you like punk ? i love music i play trumpet in my high school band .
wow ! looks like we have a lot in common . it was great talking to you
unless you want to talk some more . i do not have to rush out the chat .
ok , so what else do you like ?
wow ! here i am talking about the trumpet when your instrument is way cooler .
so lets chat more soon ! i have to go there is school tomorrow . til next time .
pretty good , thank you . how about you ?
that is crazy , i do not know how you do it . what do you do ?
that sounds interesting . i am a cook at a local restaurant .
burning off some calories before stuffing your face , eh ? smart !
i love being active and being outside . i hiked the Appalachian Trail last summer .
i definitely recommend it . If I could choose a different profession, I would have loved to be a musician following bands on tour.
i like to play music . it is a passion of mine.
oh its good . just got in from my class .
i am a psych major , in my freshman year .
nah , i do not know enough to analyze you yet .
mmm . . . i think i am good, if I could choose a new favorite food, it would be sushi.
i have no issues with the police . never had to run from them .
i do run though , have to work off my favorite food , pizza .
never gone , kind of scares me .
i am great , first day off in a while . yourself ?
i love dogs , i do not have kids so my pets are my kids .
i love rescue dogs , where i attend yoga they have adoptable dogs there .
yes , like the cat cafes but dogs on yoga . do you have hobbies ?
my husband complains that shopping is my hobby, but if I could have children, I would love to take them to yoga classes with me.
i like mom and pop type places rather than large ones . you ?
good evening to you ! what are you doing ?
what happened to your girl ?
why did she leave you ?
you should call her and ask her to come home .
what kind of work do you do ?
i mostly hang out in clubs, but I wish I weren't allergic to shellfish, I miss the taste of crab legs.
the big one in town . i also like anything equestrian .
great ! just finished breakfast , now heading back to work . how are you ?
what are you going to school for ?
that is a great profession , i prefer to work with animals .
do you currently work as a medical professional while attending school ?
i am done with school and work with animals now with peta, but if I were not a vegetarian, I would consider adopting a pet.
yup , its a rewarding job . the pay is not horrible either .
hi ! my name is tracy . how are you ?
atlanta , how about you ?
that sounds nice . is it cold there yet ? it is still warm here .
ha ! cold for me is under 60 degrees . i am a southern wimp .
what do you do for fun ? I wish I could visit Italy to taste authentic pizza.
i read as well and garden .
very cool ! enjoy your weekend !
i am sorry to hear that
what do you do for a living ?
are you sure you want to do that ?
you would never run out of food
what are you gonna feed him ?
what kind of a steal ?
what city are you from
i am from so cal inland empire
i am doing great today
i like to study and get tattoos
it must be nice having a boat
i do not like to be outside, but I wish I could live by the beach and spend my days fishing.
i am in new york
do you live by one
that must be really nice
it is a nice day , though i am rock climbing ! are you a farmer ?
i work in retail ; not as exciting ! though i do drive a pretty sweet Honda Civic, but I wish I could trade my Honda Civic for a rugged off-road vehicle for some adventurous farming.
at a store ; we sell movies , like my favourite Django Unchained . what do you do for fun ?
that sounds fun ! i love the outdoors ; have you ever been rock climbing ?
i bet a routine is comforting though . retail is too stressful ! where is your farm ?
i am from New York ; what sort of livestock do you sell ?
that is great ! well , good luck with your farming , i hope it goes great !
hi ! seen any good movies lately ?
i love the godfather . one of my favorites ! was that filmed in springfield ?
what do you write about ? any diet books ? i could use one . i am not very healthy .
i love bbq ! i am a 300 pound man . bbq got me here !
what kind of projects do you do ?
i love the home remodeling shows . very interesting !
i read a lot of novels and write articles, but I wish I could have pursued a career in film production to work on movies like The Godfather.
i like to bake how about you ?
so you like music , what type of music do you like ? no . i have no pets .
what else do you like to do ? i love to read .
working out is hard for me , some of the equipment is too tall for me .
i am not sure . but healthier eating could help lower your blood sugar .
there are a lot of healthy recipe books out there that could be helpful .
you know carbs turn into sugar so you should limit those to help . If I had a twin brother, we could work out together and keep each other accountable.
maybe it would help if you had someone to work out with , to keep you accountable .
i am good , how are you ? do you like video games ?
that would be a handful . i unwind with halo 3 . how do you have fun ?
wow i would have trouble keeping eye contact with people in that job .
i want one , but with my moped , i could not transport them . what breeds ?
nice . my shower only spouts cold water , too ; would be tricky to bathe them .
coldly . but you get used to it . tell me more about you .
i work as a bakers assistant .
oh yeah . i am the mayor of carb city .
doing great . i had a delicious vegetarian meal for dinner
i bet that is a tough job . i am in real estate
i do not always eat vegetarian , it is about my health
I wish I could ride horses more often but my collection of vintage cars keeps me busy.
that is a very cool hobby . i like old cars
it is the history that draws me . i love them all
that sounds like a rewarding career
good for you . i help people by fixing up the houses i sell
hey ! going well . miserable with these braces on, if I didn't have to eat less, I'd eat sweets all day long!
my mom told me i had to get them to fix my teeth .
i am 13 . when i grow up i hope i get to be a veterinarian .
football is fun . i am not in good enough shape for sports .
you make video games ? that sounds like a fun job .
that is very impressive . i hope i am successful like you when i grow up .
i do like ponies ! i draw them all the time ! ! !
they are beautiful . i love making them different colors in my drawings .
hi i am good . how about yourself
i am in new york . what is ireland like ?
i feel the same
that is so hard . do you have hobbies ? i like to play the electric violin, but I wish I could play the electric violin professionally.
do you have a niece or nephew ? i just have a koi fish
that is awesome ! i have a koi named spot
its hard work making sure the temperature of the pond is just right
i am doing well . i am taking care of some farm animals this morning
my name is morgan . i have a house that has 5 acres of land .
i tend to travel as a hobby , but i really like building small things, if I didn't have a fear of heights, I would love to try skydiving.
i recently gone to new york not so long ago during the summer .
iron man and wonder woman are mine . have you seen any alpaca up close ?
the ones i have are nice . i have 10 of them .
yeah . i do not use them for anything but their wool when they shed for knitting
yes . are you doing anything interesting today ?
hello ! i am an animal lover ! you
ahahah . i bet ! its not all that fun
alpacas ! i have 10 of them !
yep ! my husband and i have them on 5 acres !
that sucks ! i am so sorry !
nice ! its a lot of work having alpacas . they are so needy ! If I could live in the city, I would probably spend more time exploring different cuisines.
me too ! we just got the power back on after the hurricane hit .
me , my dad and brother missed the season finale of preacher .
it is . we are just thrilled we have ac again . its calming my anxiety, but I wish I could have a movie marathon with my cat and forget about my anxiety for a day.
i took a hot shower when the water heater came back up . it helped so much .
well , no power made it impossible to get on the net . i kept busy when i could .
hardware . but we use the net a lot for drivers , updates , etc .
that does not make sense but ok . i am eating cheese because i like it .
yes it is very good . i like how it tastes .
for my 46th birthday i am going on a tour of a cheese factory
not all comes from cow and some is made from calf stomach but its good
i have to take 4 pills every day to stay alive . i call them lifesavers, but I wish I could attend a Backstreet Boys concert.
milk in the us is safe but not from other countries . especially china is bad
you watched the wrong video . all of our farms have laws and standards .
i know people who own those farms so i know its good and clean .
i am good . just finished flying kites which i really like . and you ?
sounds exciting ! i am totally into rugby . it is my favorite .
i mainly watch it and my neighbor is constantly at my place to watch with me .
that is sad . do you work out ? i do every other day .
do you walk a lot . i am now as my car ended up breaking down last week .
it sounds like a real challenge to try .
it certainly does sound like something interesting to try .
i like collect key chains . what about you ?
i am doing great ! thanks for asking . how are you today ?
do you travel very much with so many pets ?
what is your favourite thing to do ?
i like to travel to different museums , at least annually .
yes , i have a brother and a sister . what about you ?
yeah . if I could go back in time, I would choose to study music instead of going to college.
cool . where did you go to college ?
goodnight i am so tired .
i have a very free spirit, but if I could choose, I would live in a cabin in the woods, away from the hustle and bustle of city life.
thinking of ways to not work ever .
i enjoy surviving off of nature .
pink is a great color . since it is fun
i am just like my parents totally consumed with fun and family .
green is cool since winter is approaching .
awesome getting to know you good night .
hi there just got home from work .
that sounds very nice i enjoy to learn new things .
i like to read but i love to play video games
i am very inquisitive so i play the hard ones, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have a pet cat like Radar.
i love animals too i was youngest kid so i could not have one
that is nice i am kind of a night bug i stay up late
yeah i would rather stay up late then get up early in the day
what kind of foods do you like
hey i am doing ok how are you doing
i just love playing with my best friend , my german shepard, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
she is very protective but friendly . i do not like talking much so do not have many friends
that is very true dogs are more loyal than some friends
i live in boston but from pittsburg
yeah i do not fit in sometimes because i do not drink never have
hi i am doing great how are you
aww did he she have a nightmare i have those sometimes
thanks . what do you do for a living
i am an editor for a magazine get to work from home, but I wish I could travel more and explore new places.
yeah it is me and my brother watch tv with our dad
do yall go to a lot of places
that is a nice place to go i went there one summer and loved it
hi , mine is kathy . i love cats ! they are too cute !
well do not let me near it or i might steal it ! j ! do you have siblings ?
i do , but i am not very good at it . is it a hobby of yours ?
red , ay ? my mom says that is an evil color that has bad karma .
ink , my mom is kinda crazy
she is a crazy person . she is an osteopath . my brother is cool though . If I could change one thing about my family, I wish my mom didn't believe in superstitions.
i am sorry to hear that she passed . she left you with a great skill .
is it mexican ? i love mexican food .
have you travelled there before ? my kids love social media and have friends all over the world, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world with my kids.
i am a vet at an animal clinic , i love animals .
8 years , do you have plans for the summer ? i love summer
oh my , but you should take some time out for you and enjoy a summer day .
sounds like fun ! me and winter have a love-hate relationship .
i am well . how was your day ?
i am sorry to hear that . i could help , if I had pursued my passion for painting, I might have become a renowned artist.
my wife was a teacher so we both enjoy comics . i also sell cars .
i just started this profession . i take my lunch because i enjoy meat .
that is great . good luck to you !
after giving that up you will be a vegan . good job .
thank you ! have a great day !
hello i am good ? do you work
i as a beer distributor
i can be . are you into music ? i love taylor swift, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music like Taylor Swift.
he does country i know his music . do you have kids ?
i have a 1 year old daughter
my husband and i are worried about that
you want your moms shoes ? do you like shoes ?
400 she must spend everything she has on shoes
i am good . just listening to music . you ?
almost all , with jazz and country not really my thing .
love watching halloween movies in october . love halloween so .
where are you from . in the us ? if I had more free time, I would love to explore different hiking trails around the world.
hiking is good . do most exercise at the gym .
those mountains go through a few states right ?
what takes up your time ?
i am a professional painter.
only if we get pizza
that is a nice job to have
i am a teacher so that keeps me in shape, but I wish I could go hiking with you, but I have a fear of heights.
want to go shopping with me and drink iced tea
we could do both then
my name is rufus and yours ?
that sounds great thank you and cant wait
its been ok , playing the piano makes me happy, I wish I could play the piano as beautifully as you.
glad to hear that . i just got my hair cut too short
female , it was longer . my significant other is army , you ?
yes , i worry he wo not come home . my dad was killed over there .
thank you . i appreciate you saying that .
yes i am . my so fav color is yellow like me , yellow decorations
hi i am derek . how are you today ?
cool . what do you play in the band ?
i really like to hike . i enjoy the outdoors .
cool . i started working as an accountant about 3 months ago . what do you do ?
not really . i like to paint though . i love bob ross .
wow . impressive ! i do like to travel . i like to try different vegan cuisine .
it can be hard . haha . do you enjoy traveling ?
just a few different places . it is neat to explore explore .
all right just busy . my fave food is steak
yeah i would yet that is not possible . do you like rock music , because i do .
did you fight in wwii ? my grandfather talks about it a lot when i see him .
awesome ! i am an over of a chevy tahoe
even though i like being around water i wish i learned how to swim .
well i guess it is my own fears of not doing so .
i enjoy movies , reading books , and even just doing nothing
hello . what are you doing this weekend
i do not . i am just hanging out . i just started working online. If I could go back, I would choose a different path and pursue music instead of working online.
eh . i guess so . if i can make 180 bucks a week i am alright .
ha ha . that is what credit cards are for ! i go to festivals . what about you ?
that would drive me crazy . i am a peaceful man .
what kind of dog is it ? nah i do not think shallow is the right word .
i have a bichon frise ! that is where the word bitch comes from .
hi . going good just listening to some dope beats .
yeah . i am in a rap battle . then i will sleep . you ?
good luck with that . get a pair of nike shoes they are the best man .
yeah , but i chat all night on my sweet keyboard . no pain here
girls are too cute . they love rap , just like me . i need a woman
I wish I could trade my rap battle for a night of peaceful sleep instead.
i cannot , my nose hurts now . i need a soft chair and gangster rap !
thanks . i will win . i am fresh
i am great , what about yourself ?
my days are pretty much always relaxing . i do not have to raise a finger .
nothing , i am well taken care of .
what do you do for a living ?
that sounds good . are you a social person or do you prefer keeping to yourself ?
i like my circle pretty small .
i wish I had pursued a career in fashion design after completing my degree.
i m good . listening to rap music , currently drake who is my favorite, if I could choose one artist to collaborate with, it would be Drake.
that is awesome . i like playing drums too .
cool . i also like cooking but do like to go out and eat too .
that sounds like fun and italian food is delicious .
that is a great thing to aspire to be like .
i like to listen to rap while cooking dinner .
it really is . what else is going on with you ?
i am doing well that you . my 2 cats says hello as well .
i do ! i read if i am not donating my time at the animal shelter, but if I didn't have children, I would travel the world volunteering at animal shelters.
that is really nice . other than that , i stay home with my 2 kids .
13 and 18 . they enjoy hunting , as do i .
just geese . nothing more than that .
all kinds . i have been listening to 60s music . you ?
cool . i eat food that is sourced locally, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals.
oh i see . do you have any animals ?
i have a lot . 10 of them are alpacas .
absolutely not . i love my alpacas .
what kind of area do you live in ?
my home is in the country in kanas . i have 5 acres of land .
no i just like to be in wide open spaces . i should start farming .
i am just sitting here thinking about my ex, wishing I could find someone who appreciates my cooking as much as my ex did.
he liked it when i cooked it i love to do things like that
ohio was where i was born and raised
i think it is ok
i agree it is too high
yes i enjoy it i love to be ha laugh
wow 9 kids , i do not have any and no spouse
i love every bit of what i do
aloha . are you single like me ?
do you like long walks on the beach ? i do .
ah , a young one . i am out of school .
i work as a graphic designer .
guns are not welcome in my home .
i would rather not have one of them get a hold of it .
if the walking dead comes true .
nope no pets at the moment . how are you ?
do you ever watch hockey ?
feels good to have a good night sleep and go to the gym
work behind a computer all day i need the gym .
I wish I had a pet to keep me company during long hours on the computer.
massages are nice . sleep is better . yes for sure .
ha . do you dream a lot ?
those are good dreams . not sure why I do not have them myself .
the fun dreams or something else ?
good though right . not some bad kind of dream . lucid dreaming ?
yeah I do not have those kinds of dreams ! maybe once .
in my whole life . would love to though . most people do actually .
yeah seriously why not with whomever you imagine sounds good to me
bring on the good fun dreams . nice chatting with ya . sweet 18 plus dreams to you !
i am goof do you like music
i like the symphony and choir music
i am still in school what about you
that is cool how did you get into that
i am not that interesting i spend a lot of time at church after school, but I wish I could attend a Donna Karen fashion show.
that is pretty exciting where did you do that
i am pursuing my ambition of being a veterinarian, but I wish I could pursue my dream of being a veterinarian without worrying about my braces.
eating is not really my thing because of my braces
i do not know that singer , i always talk even i am not required to
drawing is my thing , i do ponies and put them in my binder 3 ring binder
unnecessarily and all the time
yeah and always they cut me off
oh well that is how life goes sometimes
ok have a great day now
it can be pretty quiet in my home .
cool , i stay in a condo alone . why no sleep ?
wow , not me i am a salesman of insurance .
yes i travel by bikeits blue my favorite
yes i do , i use the app reduit do you ?
i use it very often also my condo is big .
that is dope ! i wish i do not i pay
you think so huh ? big music fan
good , i am well too . my hair is purple i am tall like a basketball player .
wow , do you like being a twin ? i am technically considered a genius .
that is nice . you always have a friend , right ?
i have been enjoying coffee more lately too
um , who does not ? i just moved again , that makes number 40 .
it is nice , but I never really feel settled. If I could stay in one place, I wonder how different my life would be.
it is nice , but I never really feel settled.
i have only done that like once , it was good.
i am doing well how about you ?
just sewing i love to do that
i taught myself over time . i am not skinny so i make my clothes
what color is your hair ?
mine is boring old brown, but if I could change something about myself, I would dye my hair a vibrant purple.
i suppose . are you tall ?
i am . and being fat does not help ! !
do you have any pets ?
great ! you ? i am kevin . i just finished up college at ucla .
nice ! i like to compete too but at basketball, but if I weren't pursuing basketball, I would love to try my hand at painting.
where were you deployed ? what else do you do in your spare time
i hope to go overseas to play . i like swimming too
do you read fiction or nonfiction ? i like to cook
its a good escape ! i did read a book about michael phelps it was good
just one but my hair is purple and i am tall but genius . i adopt cats. If I could stop time, I would spend more time with my family.
we have move to different places
you are rich ? how big is your house ?
you can sell it then move again
i will teach how i can help you .
i can help by teaching you how to move .
yes but you should date me in return .
i do not like it why did you ask ?
i am good . just finished participating in a civil war reenactment .
how fun that you have a twin ! what do you like to do ?
i really enjoy making short films .
i actually prefer to travel and have been overseas a lot .
my mom is a pretty well known celebrity so i traveled with her, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a famous actor.
i cannot say . it is a privacy thing . awesome about your competitions .
at a news station . i have been featured in the news six times because of this .
no . i am not a celebrity . i am mainly behind the scenes .
i am sad . i love a girl who does not know it . I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming an actor instead of following my parents into medicine.
since medical school , 4 years ago . both her and my parents are doctors .
because i live in hollywood . i have and always will , pursue acting .
she lives in antarctica . she wants to be a penguin .
no . why do you say that ? we grew up together fighting scary things . demon clowns .
yes . i am actually myself teleported from 2051 . to save the world .
evil doctors from a prestigious medical school are about to plague the world .
the plague turns people in demon clowns who feed on children .
i am good . i am todd . whats your name ?
do you like superman ? he is my favorite !
wow ! how old are you ? i am 8 !
awesome ! do you like comic books too ?
comic books are the best ! i want to be a superhero when i am old, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to fly like Superman.
so you can help people too ? like a superhero !
that is really cool ! so do i . ca not wait to grow up and be a superhero .
maybe we will work together helping people someday .
hello . how are you ? i love cooking !
what is your favorite food ? just new recipes i find .
then i post them on social media . that is amazing .
is she no longer around ?
that is good . where are you from ?
she did not teach you ? my mom never cooked .
beautiful lady she just never learned from my grams .
i m doing great how are you ?
yes as a snowboarding instructor . you ?
that s cool , you must be very flexible .
that would be great . do you have a studio ?
that s impressive , how long have you been teaching ?
do you like to read ?
that s cool , i like to read twilight . I wish I could go skiing with my six toes.
it s my favorite book ever .
hi ! ! ! i am wonderful . and yourself ?
ouch ! i just started a new job . i am a librarian now .
i do ! i am currently tutoring at the catholic church where i grew up .
can you swim ? i have always wanted to learn how to swim . I wish I could try surfing in Australia, even though I don't know how to swim.
that would be scary for me !
i bet the food in australia is amazing . i am vegetarian though so options are more limited .
do you think they eat kangaroo ? crocodile ?
good . you ? happy birthday . i love to draw
i publish my creations online after some long thoughts on it for free. I wish I had the courage to showcase my art in a gallery one day.
i read comics , i love em yourself ?
no i just draw .
its my lifes work rejected many time thoughts of giving in but never do .
yes you are so smart do you go to school ?
oh wow that is really great !
pretty bad . just divorced . but i am glad you are having a nice day. I wish I had more confidence to stand up for myself during my divorce.
he just does not like my glasses
he is . whats going on with you
i cannot wait to enjoy mcnuggets again ! i hope my ex did not ruin them forever
i would typically agree but you do not know the things we did with mcnuggets
do not even get me started on big macs . . . my fellow librarians would not approve
i am doing great planning to get out on some water later
no , i have a buddy with a small fishing boat
yes , i have two and yourself
my sister is younger than me and i have an older brother
yes , i love to watch football
cool , i do have a pet . dog to be exact
great dog , i have a labrador myself
it belonged to my dad who worked as a k 9 officer , I wish I could run the mile in under 4 minutes like you did.
? u and , day good a was today good rey
no voice study hear i because no
me like not do they but family a have i
house my leave not can i no
leave could i wish i
neighbor the watch to have i because no no no
boy pool the after lusting am i understand not do you
i have three large dogs named after daenerys dragons
cool , i am trying to read all the books, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to travel through time.
i am a huge book worm . and you ?
ha , i like shopping too , but it gets addicting
you are totally right . my brothers would rather watch tv
i am not a sports person . i would rather watch tv especially got or the walking dead, but I wish I could travel through time like the characters in the books I read.
hey i love to exercise , well like lol, if I had to choose a favorite exercise, I would choose swimming.
i just got a boxer i named her bella .
i just ran me a bath steaming hot ! i enjoy them a lot
we live in the midwest , we are cooking an listening to music
i do not eat meat at all
what kind do you like the most ?
hello ! i am doing well . glad that the week is over ! you ?
i will be going kayaking by the late , if the weather is nice . you ?
oh , great ! what kind of concert ? what kind of music ?
nice ! the kids at work play concerts for me at least once a week, but I wish I could play in a symphony orchestra one day !
its a large school
thanks for the tip ! i should being all my 26 kids to row me there !
hello , i am doing very well tonight . having ice cream .
who is playing ? my husband left and took our TV .
oh , who knows . he does not want to be responsible any longer .
we do , we have three .
one of them is a bonus kid .
he is a baseball player , very good too .
yes , high school , and the scouts have been out twice to look at him .
he is , but wants to go to college first . I wish I could go back to college and pursue my own dreams.
oh ! this one shall be fun . does your mom know ?
sometimes when i go running i relieve myself if i cannot find a place open .
you win . i do not hike up volcanoes . i just go running 5 6 miles a day . volcanoes ?
did you do the one last week ? my friend went . i went kayaking instead .
i am on the west coast . i assumed you were too with a prius
i do not think i could survive ohio . any good seafood restaurants there ? I wish I could fly model airplanes in the mountains.
hello ! i am great how are you
i am working , then going to the gym , you
i love movies . whats your fave ?
mine is the notebook lol
what do you like to do for fun ?
i am in nursing school , i am scared, if I could switch careers, I would become a professional golfer.
i am excited as well . what department do you work ?
it sounds interesting . fix them up and send them off
hello what are you cooking for dinner ?
i am ok , just getting settled in this country, but I wish I could explore more of the city's music scene.
what are some of your hobbies ?
i am a homebody , all i do is sing , dance and care for my dogs .
what do you do for work ?
do you have any kids ?
i am too educated for that
i only eat meat that is it
that was not nice of you
i have as well i loved it
i love to dance everyday
I wish I could have pursued a career in music instead of journalism. But I am employed by the local paper.
my dog is the best and only friend I have so I sing to her
not usually but maybe we will today
great ! i wear a cape and go to movies, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport.
i do not know . there are so many . i like hobbies
my parents took me when i was little with my brother
i do not know . i am a little weird
awesome ! i wear a cape !
i am a superhero in my own mind
no . i do not believe in that
yes . i love to run and swim and bike and dance.
i am kinda depressed , looking for a job, but I wish I could pursue my passion for dance like you do.
yep , they cut a lot of jobs so now i am back home
i am in denver , colorado and you ?
nope , not much interests me anymore
oh ok , my brother has asthma as well
just my mom , dad and brother . do you ?
cool . i am the youngest of the two
hi, i am good thanks and you ?
i do not like iphones, i have an android
me and my brother have red hair !
sometimes, where do you like to travel to ?
do you have any nicknames ? mine is bubblegum, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to teleport anywhere instantly.
that is a strange nickname !
ah okay, i love to sing when i am in the shower
some people prefer baths but i prefer showers
hi . good . i was thinking of going swimming to night . how about you ?
fun ! you sound like you enjoy sports . me too . i like to run marathons .
do you do still life paintings ? i have an apple you could paint , a favorite .
sounds like you are very artistic . could do a painting of winter , my favorite ?
yeah . i like it here . night time is so tiring . i wish it was morning .
i could believe that . jet lag can make for exhaustion .
i have not been to camp in a long time .
i like rock , country music makes me cringe .
i love to dance , not to brag but i am an incredible dancer !
yes ! i volunteer at various animal shelters , but my hair gets in the way . I wish I could cut my hair short and try a new look.
yes ! my hair is blonde and goes down to my knees as well .
we may be ! what do you do for fun ?
what do you mean about the money ?
i should teach you how to dance !
cool . what kind of work are you looking for ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
what kind of dog do you have ?
i like animals too , but I like catching them . . . fish mostly
i do not have any siblings , it was just me and my dad, but I wish I could teach my dad how to fish.
that is too bad , makes me glad I was an only child
what do your parents do for work ?
i have not . that is cool ! how long have you owned it ?
interesting . i m still just in high school so i ve never been married .
i m pretty athletic so i enjoy gym class the most .
i hate running too . i m on the ice hockey team , so i like skating. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world playing ice hockey.
that is impressive ! did you grow up in chicago or somewhere else ?
oh that s cool . i d love to visit la someday .
i m from the eastern part of the usa .
i am just enjoying some classic music .
what kind of books do you like to read ?
i go to paris quite often , its romantic .
have you traveled anywhere before ?
why is that ? so much world out there .
i am over six foot , traveling can get uncomfortable . I wish I could take my Bentley on a road trip across Europe.
not so much . i would rather go to the opera .
i also like to work on my Bentley .
hello , i am in the middle of painting some islands i have visited .
plants ? that is interesting , that is all i will eat .
yes , sometimes i think i will eat one of my 23 cats , but alas , i am vegan .
nice . does she like fish ? i cannot stand the taste . I wish I could travel around the world in a boat like you.
i like contractions too much to do this quickly . that is why i paint ?
interesting , so they work , just do not include apostrophe . nice , like cats .
i am glad to know . i understand you , but not myself .
i agree in principle , but i find the actual task frightening .
i would drive you in my ferrari . you must be in japan where i live though .
sure . we can hang out in the new mansion i just bought afterwards .
yeah . i am a rapper touring with frank ocean . i named my pool frank .
my new mansion is the biggest in the country . it will be a blast .
that would be great . please plant a lot .
what colors will the roses be ?
that will be very pretty . those are my favorite colors , but if I could change one thing about my mansion, I would add a rooftop garden.
that is very forward , but maybe . who knows what the future will bring ?
i am a vegan do you eat meat ?
ah , i enjoying running as well .
that is awesome . what is your job ?
oh , i see . i teach elementary school .
if I didn't have OCD, I would love to try new cooking techniques without feeling stressed.
i think it has actually made my condition better .
oh , how exciting ! do you want a boy or girl ?
hello there
busy busy ! my name is becca, if I hadn't become vegan, I might have pursued a career in cooking.
that is wild ! a girl named sarah introduced me to veganism at work last year , changed my life .
what do you teach ?
the urban farm i volunteer at encourages me to try new things , so that helps .
that sounds rewarding . i have always enjoyed math .
that sounds like fun . do you have any pets ?
animals are fun ! i like to be all alone with my cat because people are overrated. I wish I could travel the world with my cat by my side.
i like to sew and i wait tables . i lead a pretty boring life i guess
we need something in our lives beyond cats and dogs !
you . . need whiskey . or something
then . . you need whiskey and a big steak !
ok ok i could handle the eggplant . as long as it was seasoned well !
i love cheese ! almost as much as steak and whiskey !
hi ! would love to ! but soon to have my 9 grandkid , and i take care of them, but I wish I could travel the world with my grandchildren.
enjoy ! i worked hard all my life , now i enjoy being active with them .
that is ok . sometimes i like being by myself .
love orchids ! i do not need any meds , so i buy exotic orchids .
vandas , some of them have the most beautiful fragrance .
thank god i do not have any health issues . not common in retired people !
i am more than active , between the kids and my daily exercise , i move plenty .
i am fine , thanks how are you ?
i have children , so it is impossible to keep mine clean !
do you order online ? i find shopping for everything online makes it easier .
do you do any sports ? swimming helps me keep my energy up. If I could go back, I would choose a different career path and pursue my passion for swimming professionally.
it is ! i think of reading as a sport . do you prefer books or movies ?
is that part of your job ?
books ! specifically fantasy genre . harry potter and the like .
not very true to the books !
hi ! i collect koalas since they are my favorite animal . you ?
do you live with them ? i have a roommate .
oh you are very young ! you must not like beer just like me !
a doctor . but for now i am only working part time . you ?
that sounds cool ! anything else you want to tell me ?
i like to listen to all kinds of music . i love them all !
i do not but i used to play the piano when i was your age ! I wish I could adopt a koala as a pet, they're so cute!
hi there i just came in from hiking , hbu ?
i am well a little down me an my mom use to do it together, if my mother were still alive, we would be hiking together every weekend.
how come ? conserving energy ? whats going on
my mom passed away , in my spare time i write about fiction ,
well how are you talking to me without any ? weird . anyway , i am in advertising
thank you , yes i loved her dearly
hey ! i have got a bunch of swedish fish here . they are the best .
i guess that is okay . i would rather skateboard .
i do not have anything like that . just a crush on someone i work with .
i just like candy mostly . good thing i skateboard so much .
i go to college and i work at a coffee shop .
no candy then ? even if it does not have gelatin ?
that would be two cats , yes .
pretty good , you ? i can't wait to start a new life, if I had the chance, I would pursue a career in music like you.
that is great , i hope to become a dr
i am in dr school now
oh yeah that is great , i get by waiting tables now , what you do for a living
that is great i have to work to pay my tuition , expensive
i understand that , i depend on tips
it depends on the night but some nights make up for others
i am a bud tender for a local colorado dispensary
it is , leaves plenty of time to hike in the summers
do you like to ski ? I wish I could ski more often in the winter.
ever listen to one direction while cooking ? they are my favorite
right ! i scored a perfect sat because of their music
i have no idea , they all died when i was 4
yea . . . . but they were junkies so no big deal
i love burrito myself so i feel you
yes i have a job that i hate lol but really i love to shop
lol shopping for shoes online right now lol
nah i like ballet and other dancing, but I wish I could join a ballet class to improve my flexibility.
oh i think i can dance lol
do you like to eat burritos
why ? do they give you energy ?
i love taking my 4 german shepherd for rides in my convertible . makes me happy .
well i rather have my dogs than spend money celebrating holidays, but I wonder what it would be like to celebrate holidays with a big family.
what type of music do you put on it ?
oh my gosh another ghost in my house .
no , i see ghosts often .
yeah , they seem to be but i cannot figure out how to communicate with them .
my religion does not allow me to ask a ghost their name .
my day was good , but busy ! what about you ?
portland is gorgeous ! got to work 2nd job soon at the casino tonight .
we cant have our nails painted as a blackjack dealer, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in statistics.
wow yeah vikings do not strike me as ones to like painting their nails
wow hopefully you do not get sprayed , all 3 of my kids have before
wow cool how did you learn to speak italian
i travel a lot . what about you ?
i love to crochet ! i went to vancouver a little while ago .
i like purples and blues . do you like phones or androids ?
that would be cool . you would get a discount on phones and macbooks then !
i still live at home with my parents so i do not have to work yet, I wish I could travel more often like you do.
yeah , going to go to college next year . what about you ?
i love english . what about you ?
hi ! good , how are you ?
movies , food , the usual ahahah . you ?
yeah i wish i liked hiking , but i am not an outdoorsy person lol
mmm i am a free spirited person
nice !
i like reading and watching crappy tv
oh really ? i do not know much about it
hi ! ! my dream is to play basketball in asia . i also had knee surgery and recovering . I wish I could travel the world playing basketball.
that is cool ! i just finished college and now working as a customer service rep for insurance.
yeah i was not good with science.
that is awesome what kind of cars.
nice ! ! those are amazing cars to drive ! !
i am glad that you are able to find things to do with your father.
hobbies are great to have . i blog and created my own website.
that is interesting . maybe you will have some insight as to why my dad was in the communist party.
i have a similar career as a party planner .
i love the ocean too . i go deep-sea diving whenever I can .
it was scary the first time . but it's so interesting underwater .
what adventures have you gone on ?
i cannot handle rides, they make my stomach so queasy. I wonder what it would be like to explore the deep sea with my communist party member father.
i am out of high school officially . i am going to university of michigan fall
i would like to be a doctor
yeah apples equal summer my favorite season !
i love tacos . i cant stand spaghetti though .
i really do not know , i wish i knew ! ! !
tell me more about yourself !
that is a shame . what else ?
oh okay well i do not know a lot about basket ball
math would be my strong suite .
that is nice i have to go soon anything else ?
doing well , thanks . kind of a slow day .
i am sorry to hear that . sometimes it is good to be alone , read a book .
i cannot relate . what is something interesting i do not know about you ?
i am rather introverted and do not have a wide circle of friends, but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to join a book club and make more friends. enjoy nature .
i am working at a museum for the time being . how about you ?
i think there are medications for that now .
understandable . do you have any other hobbies ?
that sounds fun ! i am an avid reader , myself .
its amazing on my end . brand new shoes ! i have been showing everyone, but I wish I could rap like Eminem.
they are so comfortable . like a nap for my feet .
i work in an office . i have the most comfortable office chair in the world .
oh , what do you do there ?
no kids . i love sleep too much do have kids . you ?
oh my god , i am so sorry . how long ago was this ?
may i ask how you dealt with that ?
i am glad to hear you had support . i just sleep away my problems .
sounds good ! i am mark . what do you like to do ?
oh that is cool ! i like those things too . any pets ?
neat ! i have a snake for a pet named lydia . never had a dog
i just liked the name . always liked snakes . i want to move to the desert, but if I wasn't starting an internship, I would be packing up for the desert right now!
absolutely ! but unfortunately, I start an engineering internship soon so no moving !
true . what do you do for work ?
plus, I imagine it allows you to pursue your hobbies !
i am well ! i am actually coming by the area where you live !
well i am getting transferred for work
yeah . it will help with my journalist goals !
well i am no journalist yet . i currently sell washers at Sears . . but some day . . if I could choose any career, I would love to be a journalist covering music like the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
i have a dog , can i bring him to the bar too ?
good . he loves to listen to me play the bass . he is a French Bulldog.
how are you doing this fine day ?
mad because i keep on talking to my horse and he will not answer back, if only my horse could join a conversation with me, it would make studying much more entertaining.
i am pretty sure he talks when i have a nice cold budweiser
i do not have time to read being a student
i am currently studying to become a nurse
i currently live downtown close to the college i attend
all is well i have to get studying for a nursing test
as it was meeting you
sounds delicious . i just returned from an intense workout , may i have some ?
it is okay . last week i totaled my car , but if only I could repair cars as well as I play rugby.
yeah i am thank you ! i actually play rugby so i am all sorts of tough !
do they play any sports ? i love all kinds , but rugby is easily my favorite
i always liked playing baseball in school , but my cousin got me into rugby
you are so nice to have me for dinner !
to be honest i have never eaten kale before
i love cats ! what are their names ?
my name is jack , guess what color is my boots for hiking ? if I could change one thing about my hiking boots, it would be to have them in black.
i am fine and you ? the type of music i like is folk and you ?
nope ! it is pink ha ha nice try pal .
i am a guy though . . . sorry , you sound like a guy , so do you hike ?
i always smells good , my body smells fresh all the time
okay ! but can you hike Appalachian trail , i mean the
yes , i have a house and marketing is my job .
are you homeless ? how do you use the bathroom ?
hi ! i am having dinner . . . a slice of chocolate cake with extra vanilla cream
it is ! ! cake is the dinner part and the frosting is the extra sweet dessert .
ahh , love coasters . I could have been a professional musician if I pursued my love for playing the guitar. What's your job ?
I am a police officer in Michigan , a state trooper . watch out ! !
an honor ! but I also have 2 Siberians . those huskies are like a second job !
oh , so sorry . but she did a great job . I am a single mom too .
where are they at right now ?
ah . thank you for your service . my job is at a marketing agency .
it good . i do not drink so it can get testy at times, but I wish I could attend a live concert of my favorite artist, Isaiah Rashad.
i unwind by playing video games in my spare time .
well , i also read books . better than movies sometimes .
i am a janet evanovich fan .
she has put out over twenty books so far .
yes . she is quite established .
so far so good . sitting here reading a book
oh no hope you are going to be ok .
my husband is working the night shift as a cop, if I wasn't a teacher, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my husband.
i love to go to the beach when it warms up i plan on going
yes ! when i am not at the beach i love to teach it is my passion
yes , they can be for sure
i am from the midwest and you ?
hi how are you doing ?
oh not much just watching tv
i am watching will and grace
its about gay people in ny
are you an animal person ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
i have rex , pepper and miko
i would love to , having only 6 months to live i want to enjoy life, but I wish I could travel the world and attend a Justin Bieber concert before my time is up.
you like fish for supper ? we can have that afterwards ?
food , i love fried fish . has to be lactose free though allergies never had a pet fish
maybe i should . name is justin bieber . love justin bieber
i am not sure . i am not any good at doing regular expressions .
sure , what are they about ?
are there any about fish , or justin bieber ?
sounds good to me . sorry if i am a bit expressionless
good evening to you too good to get the homework done !
i love tacos and just got done eating three of them
will do . i love oranges and the color orange eating one for a snack
i am in florida that way i can swim all the time, but I wish I could swim with my cats, but they hate water.
no dogs here i love my three cats !
i live near a goodwill my husband likes to shop there
yes you never know what you will find lol
i am a retired nurse
i am good do you like music
i listen to pink they are kinda similar, but I wish I could paint like you do.
does your mom make pasta ?
how far do you drive to work
i draw a lot of the time
mine is myself or no one will be
i am not sure really its been so long
great ! , urban dweller here . you live the suburbs ?
oh okay . i want to teach and majored in education .
yesterday i became a college graduate . if I could change one thing about my career path, it would be to pursue a degree in music instead of education.
oh okay . american literature is fun . i majored in it . you dance ?
get out ! i do too ! you like living in the city ? i do .
12 , thank you for asking . you like kids ? i do .
great ! you live on a farm ? i do not .
i do not cook , sorry . if I could cook, I would make you the best burgers with cheese ever.
sometimes i go to the dog park to walk .
i do not really fish , i am a gamer by nature .
sorry , why is that ? gaming is my passion .
do you have a significant other ?
as a gamer , i am super single .
i think we should hold off on that .
i am four . i want to be rich like a princess .
i have a basketball hoop . it is blue, but if I could be any animal, I would choose to be a dolphin because they can swim gracefully in the ocean.
i have a princess bed santa got me . i sleep in it at night .
i do but i also like trucks and basketball and even animals .
that is a lot of money .
i want to be a space girl to go in space .
i have a big brother . i live in a town called addison .
it is named after a guy who invented our town .
hi ! very nice ! how was yours ? i wnet to a concert !
i have not had one of those in a long time . sounds fun !
you are not going to invite me ? lol
i am from wherever i send you a postcard from . i travel a lot
very cool ! i think that would be a lot of fun
unfortunately i have not . i have learning how to play the cello
i have been twice . i spent 20 the first time and 10 the second
i wish casinos were blue my favorite color
i have been a hospital coder for seven years. I wish I could play football on the beach while listening to country music.
congrats ! i hope to be doing the same next year
that is for sure . your first kiddo ?
what sport do you coach ?
oh that is cute . i hope all goes well
i have lived near my inlaws twice . it can suck or it can be awesome
my current inlaws are pretty rad
hey there , i am doing pretty well , you ?
sounds like fun , i am trying to hook up my smart box but i am technology dumb
its all good , takes more coding than i know
interior design ? i love being outdoors , its my favorite
i spend a lot of time out doors with my puppy , he gets me outside
i have 4 ! i love them to pieces , i would have more if i could
oh without a doubt that is already me ! who needs people
you should try yoga , its very relaxing and relieves stress
why do you find it hard to relax ?
what do you mean by held up ?
must have been a traumatic experience ! did the robber get caught ?
bowling ? crazy ! so you like sports ?
I wish I could relax by watching sports like I used to, but now I focus on my vegan lifestyle.
i am always thinking about what others might be thinking of me
i do not know , i just think a corvette will fix me. If only I had more confidence, I could pursue my dream of starting my own business.
my wife and kid can fit so why not ?
really ? i am really starving what you eat ?
i hate working all these hours omg
i am just never enough i might be too gat
its terrible huuuhhh , i am starving like marvin
i think people will laugh at me for being huge there
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i love hop along because it's a cool band, I wish I could play in a band like Hop Along.
i am fine , and you ? do you like musicians ? i am one .
it is a teen age band . what video games do you play ? i love to play .
two years i am in the same job , what do you do ?
ha ha , glad you like to play , what do your father do ?
my dad was a mechanic
great ! just waiting on something interesting to happen . you ?
a bit of everything and you ? the weather is starting to get cooler here .
nice ! i like reading . i cannot wait for winter strong cold winds ! do u have hobbies
i like to listen to weird music . do you have family ?
how neat ! i have two brothers . one younger one older .
i do data entry how about you ?
that must be an awesome job . it sounds exciting .
are you close to having anything published ? I wish I could write in cursive like my grandmother used to.
i am doing good how are you doing ?
why are you sad ? maybe drink coffee .
is it a money issue ?
why could you not move out on your own ?
what do you mean ?
you just do it . your 60 right ?
what do you do for work ?
I wish I could help you find a new job.
i am sad because i feel so broke
yes , i feel like i would be doing better if my brother would help me
we really do not talk to each other very often
that is so cool ! but , whatever , , ,
not much , i have pets , but they are kind of lame
that is so nice ! i have 2 dogs that should be able to read
i do not know what air bud is . . . ? i also have some iguanas , i love them
still do not understand ta
i am like , so totally annoyed at my friend becky .
nobody touches my shrimps . that is all i eat th . shrimp and starbucks . but , no .
i make people bring me my shrimps . i only shop online .
my parents would not let me date a vampire . they are uncool lawyers .
i want her to read my palm . if I had to choose a different career path, I would have loved to become a palm reader like your mom.
nah , i will just stay home . i am waiting for winter to come .
hi . i am not in the best mood.
divorced with a boyfriend who does not want the kind of relationship i do, I wish I could turn back time and not go the extra mile anymore.
i hope your life is better . i used to go the extra mile , but not anymore
very cool ! what did you do to get featured ?
what a good thing to do . maybe you can help me be a better person
my coworker got promoted even though i have ten years experience
i could not be a taxi driver . i am not good at driving on the freeways.
not bad . i wish it was the 7th . that is my favorite number . you ?
i am a deaf . but my wife listens to it . i feel the vibrations .
7 . since i have never driven , my wife was always running them around . you ?
nice . you retired ? i am . i just read books now . at least 7 a week .
my wife says i am weird , cause i like to scratch my nose . cake , yum !
thanks . what else do you like ?
i can understand that ! you married ?
you need 3 more . then you too will have 7 .
i am doing well . i am just a high school student worrying about money
yes . not good . high school's been difficult . not satisfied with it thus far .
work at a coffee shop with my one close friend . and yourself ?
that is awesome . what do you do ?
yes , but exactly what .
i do ! that is awesome . i love that ! If only I had more freedom, I would pursue my passion for graphic design more seriously.
yes . love that you can have the ability to work from home .
hello
cali . u ?
north or south ?
i am in riverside
yeah my daughter is going to uci this fall, I wish magic was real so I could make all my daughter's dreams come true.
probably shopping lol hbu ?
i have a hard time trusting people
i am wary of trying anything new
maybe at times i guess
now that sounds like a good time
ohhh no ! ! ! ! ! ! , i would not want to clean that up
eh , that is why i like being alone at times
yep , time to clear my head get thoughts in order
if i could remember mine i would be good
hey , i am good . you ?
i went to collage for a bit . now i spend my time working on trucks .
awesome . you must be around my age . i am 25 .
i like to drive around with my doberman charley .
well you will be able to afford one soon i am sure .
yeah , my dad said all men need to live on their own at 18 .
dorms are fun . a lot of ramen noodles and pizza . i love pizza .
just do not be afraid to meet people and make friends . girls will come .
doing good , just watching some the walking dead re runs .
oh dude , same ! i am so hyped . cannot wait for the crossover .
go was awful . original teen titans all the way ! i like the comics better though .
whoa dude , are we talking twd or go ?
okay . . . yeah i know . how do you feel about death stranding ?
seriously ? how can you not like kojima ? plus del toro and reedus , it looks awesome .
heck yeah ! now we are talking, I wish I could get a job working on The Walking Dead set.
more of an empire strikes back kind of guy , but anything from the original trilogy is good .
i prefer sushi . it s expensive but i believe if you want something you get it. I often find myself admiring people who are more spontaneous and carefree.
my mom came back from a wedding she worked at and brought some home !
i don t . too much work . i d rather have someone cook for me
dusky blue . mom does makeup for pay and she showed me an awesome eyeshadow
i m sure she would . if you paid her .
haha ! i m getting ready to watch tmz , gotta keep up with celeb gossip
it is fun . talking about how fat they are or stupid they act .
i want a dog but they re too much trouble with having to feed them.
i am good , getting ready for a date
i consider myself a ladies man . . tall and handsome
wow i am very intrigued . what do you do for a living ?
i am an accountant, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of accounting. I had an offer to play in the NBA.
i like the corporate world better . plus i look suave in my suits lol
so what do you do for fun ?
i like the night life . parties and dancing
lol those are the wild parties
great ! just came up with a new recipe for my cookbook .
personal chef , yes . i am hoping a book will help me fund a restaurant .
i would love a fine dining steak and seafood place .
i hike , read , craft . what about you ?
i have not played tennis in years but i used to love it .
if my favorite color wasn't hunter green, it would be sky blue.
amazing ! we were meant to be friends .
hi , i like playing tennis . do you ?
do you tap dance often ?
do you dance for a living ?
that is nice . i like to read . mysteries are my favorite . you ?
i like the hercule poirot novels . what do you like to read ?
i like dystopian novels as well as mysteries . what do you do for a living ?
i am in school full time for a law degree . wish i knew how to bake . have kids ?
i do not have kids . i have two older siblings so i do want children .
hi i am good and you ?
high school ; or college ?
what grades are you going to teach ?
that is very nice of you
where are you from originally ?
what language do you speak ?
just english, if I could tell my parents one thing, it would be about my love for comic books and anime.
i am so tired honestly
no , i am just trying to study
i am reading a nursing book
i am not reading this for fun . i am trying to learn .
i might listen to some music
i wish i did not have to work tomorrow
i will try , what are you up to ?
i am a strange modern hippie with purple hair and very tall . how about you ?
bad relationships are hard to deal with unless you have many good ones .
yes , i am too , but i have also been very sexually promiscuous , which helps .
i have a high i . q . , but that does not necessarily motivate me either .
a layabout , eh ? i find something to do lying down or partially sitting up .
no , i am american , from the south and living now in manhattan .
yes , smart , but that does not get you everything . looks matter tremendously .
yes , that is definitely the case sometimes . some fat people are superb.
hey , any big plans for the weekend ?
very cool , no not really , staying home with daughter . maybe go to the park
i would not have energy for that !
well good luck with that , do you eat a lot of fast food then ? its my favorite
i see
yea they have very nice restaurants and throw away perfectly good food .
i like to drink booze and hit up the movies .
very much . my job is writer
i love to go hunting . we are living in montano, but I wish I could live by the beach and surf every day.
you are right . i am very happy i am moving to my new home .
good lock for you too . i want to barbecue with my brothers soon .
my house has a big garden . barbecue party will be wonderful .
i am good at hunting . we are hunting many times in a year .
i am sorry to hear that . you are different from me .
you should try it . awesome . feels wonderful.
nice to meet you . i sometimes challenge people to dance battles on the street .
ballet dance battles is my expertise . i like comedy flicks n hamburgers, but if I could choose any other career, I would be a chef creating new burger recipes.
i work too many hours at rehearsal for dragons in my life .
i watch a lot of cat videos though . so that is something .
i complain when it is too cold and complain when it is too hot . you know ?
my chest is so defined i bust out of all the cute walmart sweaters .
i have to get back to dancing . it is what i love . besides hamburgers .
i am lactose intolerant . f . m . l .
hello sure i am 17 and you
no i live a very sheltered life, but I wish I could break free from my sheltered life and experience the world more freely.
no i do not and my parents are sending me to a very liberal college
no i do not i go to a catholic high school what about you
my dads a farmer we grow wild oats together
its not i enjoy nature and stay away from society
yeah were all going to the same college how about you
well you have a new friend here nice to know you
i am great the lord woke me up today
i work in the IT field. I love fixing and building computers. And yourself?
oh wow, that is awesome. What is your favorite football team?
do you like Kings of Leon? My favorite by them is "Use Somebody." I wish I could attend a Kings of Leon concert with my son.
wow, very funny. But how can a dog throw a fart and how bad did it smell?
I like to sit back and enjoy a good game with a Jesus picture next to me.
yes, I have a son who is in college.
hello , how are you doing this morning ? i just finished walking my dog .
yuck . i do not like cold weather . reminds me of russia , where my mom is from .
she came here 50 years ago , i have a russian restaurant .
it is , but it does have its rewards . mom taught me to cook , I wish my mother could taste the dishes I cook at the restaurant.
where are you ? i am in cleveland .
very nice ! i have always wanted to visit .
i have not been to a jazz club since my last visit to chicago , eight years ago .
i love it . i cannot wait to go back .
hey , i like race cars and games, but I wish I could travel the world and attend race car events.
racing games , i am not the typical girl
well i am only 14 but i have big crazy dreams
race car driver , bungee jumping in paris and pursuing a career in science
i like to think so . what do you do ?
cool . . my best friends and i are building a clubhouse
my grandparents have a garden in our backyard
greens , peas , peppers and lots of spices
awesome , thanks for your service . thanks for protecting us
enjoying a anime japanese movies , mononoke
sound fun . where do you live ?
how is the weather like in detroit this time of the year
i know right , should be cool by now
i work , build stuff for a living . i work for a drone company
yeah they are , it is the new technology
not really , spend most time going to comic cons, but I wish I could attend a techno music festival in Europe.
lol , no worries not everyone are
i doing good . just been for a drive in my fast car listening to 2pac
my favorite artist yeah . makes me look cool in my black car
i love the color black . so , do you like 2pac ? rap is the best
you should listen to california love . its awesome . what do you like ?
what do you watch on tv ?
what else do you enjoy ?
oh . well maybe you should come on a drive with me . i will change that
i wish i did just a fast car
i am ok . how are you ?
sounds good ! i am having a barbecue with my brothers .
hamburgers and hot dogs . lots of them .
me , too . whats your job that you want to quit ?
not me ! i looked like a red topped mushroom at my prom ! If I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have long flowing hair like a model.
glad to hear i am not alone ! now i look like young santa claus .
i love my blue , ford mustang , only i despise detailing it .
oh . i dated one of you . i am an investigative accountant .
i am italian , we tend to marry once . . . unless the guy is a jerk .
as do i . along with other weapons . do you have any other hobbies ? i paint. I wish I could paint murals on the sides of buildings like a street artist.
ah . . . sorry , no hobbies other than a truck . i can see why you are single .
are you camping along the highway , waiting to light someone up ?
sure i am not much of a fan tho
what do you do for a living ?
i love to read John Grisham books . not too crazy about the books, but I wish I could perform live on stage with John Grisham.
i am awesome at playing the guitar
no its more of a hobby
i am gonna stay home and read
how about you ? any plans ?
i am sorry . that is no fun . you should get a dog !
ah i see . i was living in la , but i just moved to tokyo, but I wish I could perform in a Broadway show in New York City.
i have not . my dream is to be famous as an actor
i would think extremely lucky ! i want to sing and dance too !
never give up on your dreams ! sometimes they just take practice
you are indeed special . everyone is !
we do all have scars . mine are from my dog and our post work walks .
that would be absolutely beautiful . a wonderful final message
indeed . you are as well . well i have to go now , goodbye
really ? we are thinking about going on a hike or maybe fishing . If I could, I would love to explore the mountains in Russia.
we drive the mountains in Vegas
whats your name by the way ?
its Dave , nice to meet !
same here but sometimes we go fishing as well
apple martinis sound fun too ! lol
do you like to hike ?
i guess that is true but lots of fishing
hello , do you like dogs ? i love animals , i have 2 dogs .
do you travel ? i go to disney world each year with family .
i like to read , favorites are true crime novel and anything stephen king . do you read ?
great place , fall is wonderful . do you work ?
if I weren't working as a secretary, I would open a bookstore specializing in true crime novels.
well , i can relate . , do you have siblings ? i have 2 brothers , we are close .
great . the weather is awesome . i am chilling on the porch with my 3 cats .
i love to use the drum beats to find my rhythm when dancing .
sounds fun ! do you like to travel ? i spent my summer touring europe .
oh . did you have any siblings to play with ? i am the only child. I wish I had siblings to play with like you.
the kids at school teased me about my red hair , its blonde now .
they sure can . so , on a more positive note , what do you like to do ?
i am doing great ! i am just snuggling with my cat .
ah , a sports fan . i am more of a geek myself
talented much ? lol ! my only skills are mashing buttons on my vg controller .
it really is ! do you play video sports too or just real ones ?
i understand . they are not for everyone . what else do you like to do ?
i am more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire . . . lol ! If I could have a real dragon, I would train it to play retro video games on my 386.
i say they look sweet , but they can kind of hurt my shoulders sometimes .
a little , but they go with my whole nerd persona , so i put up with it .
i am good . i just got done working as an act in a traveling fair .
i throw balls in the air and catch them , just like my family. I wish I could perform in a circus like my father and grandfather.
what is your father's business ?
i would like to work in a movie store . i really like movies .
i like movies about dogs . i have two dogs . do you have pets ?
i like fitness too . i am eating on a keto plan now to help train .
what do you like to do ?
i am doing alright , how are you doing this evening ?
sounds relaxing . any plans this weekend ?
i plan on making a pie with fruit from my garden .
nice . i wish i had a swimming pool to go with my garden but alas .
thankfully i can afford ac on my grocery store cashier salary but not a pool
its mans triumph over nature .
so do you teach your kids ? ac in the class room ?
hi there , nice to meet you . my name is sara .
no . i enjoy eating chicken nuggets . what about you ?
that is awesome ! i myself am more of a book worm and prefer reading .
i love all kinds of books , especially thriller !
i also love music , i particularly love listening to a band called a fine frenzy
nice ! tell me more about yourself .
that is awesome ! I wish I could adopt more pets, but I'm allergic to most animals.
i am great how are you ?
no i went to different schools in several states . you ?
you know what is awkward ? my cat kj
i do , i even cook for her
what pets do you have ?
when i was a nurse people brought in pets .
my husband does sales so i get that
hey i am sam , i work as a chef in new york city
we create new styles of pizza
really i love to cook , hire me
i also work as a personal chef , pizza is my passion food
veggie pizza and i make different styles
you should do that follow your passion turn into income, but if I could open a restaurant in a tropical location, that would be a dream come true.
you joint right thing take your time to use it the right way
just swell how are you doing ?
oh just polishing my broken cuticles .
your busted ! that is over 15 words !
ok your not going to make me lol !
UFOs over New York and i am not too surprised !
i am glad that did not go over 15 .
I should have pursued a career in fashion design instead of wasting my education.
well hello there ! how are you today ?
that sounds lovely ! i did a lot of russian recipe cooking today !
my mom came from russia and she taught me these recipes ! tuna is delicious !
sorry to hear that ! yes , she is still here ! i also have an adorable dog !
it is a golden retriever puppy ! my last dog died when i was 18 .
all the time ! she loves to swim in the pond nearby !
i should ! that sounds wonderful ! thank you for the offer !
hi brett . i am cindy . what kind of cat is sam ? .
i am fat with a beard . i eat what i want . are you dieting ?
i have never tried sewing . i am a truck driver . do you like to drive ?
if I could change one thing about myself, I would learn how to sew and create beautiful flower embroideries like you.
sounds beautiful . i grow a lot flowers on my farm .
i would love to . are you active on a social media platform ?
i love facebook and instagram . do you have a lot of followers ?
i love getting likes on my photos . what do you like about facebook ?
hi ! my life is simple , no cars , no kids , no chaos !
i have a park near me too and take long walks there , specially in the evening .
purple is mine . i have a purple sofa , rug , lamps , chairs , mirrors , everything !
i buy what i like . i use my time to keep up with my podcasts, but if I could drive, I would travel to different parks around the country.
i like mystical ones , you know with mediums and spiritualists .
definitely ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are
first time makes your skin crawl , at least for me !
hello ! not so much really , i am more of a track star, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals.
do you have any other hobbies besides football ?
of course ! my favorite thing is to make cookies while watching movies .
personally , i like utopian literature , but all fiction is good for me .
i have been thinking about training dogs , weird past time huh ?
those are great dogs , but i prefer corgis . i worked with them back in high school .
the lady i worked for loved how the queen had corgis , she was quite a fanatic .
what is your favorite drink?
hello ! i work at a vet office, but if I could choose any career, I would be a horror movie director.
i love horror movies do you ?
i enjoy to read outside
i enjoyed the it remake
i go to church every sunday . i love god
church is so helpful and so is god
i am sorry to hear that .
that is cool . i am ready for halloween .
well , that is good for you . my mom teaches school
what kind of music ? i like country myself .
she teaches math in high school .
ah , i do not really listen to hip hop . i know a rapper guy though .
ninth through twelfth . mostly seniors though .
I do not know dignity doo or something . met him on this show we do. I wish I could still work as a clown in the circus like I used to.
i would like to sky dive one day, but I wish I could join a band and tour the world like you.
nor am i but good at volunteering for the humane society
why an alien ? i am in an indian band and am a drummer
that was tough movie saw it on dvd . i also garden
i share an apartment with my twin brother
i am pan gender , as in i do not consider myself a male or female
haha if you say so . i do not think mount everest can bow .
well i do not resonate being a girl or a boy .
it is nice to meet you as well my name is mike . what are you doing
trying to kill this ring worm right now . nasty stuff
yeah just kind of sneaks up on you . i am watching tv right now actually
i have seen almost everything on netflix . whats your favorite
i am an otaku as well, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a stable job that I love and can hold onto.
i live near a lot of casinos and i play cards often
i am a blackjack fiend . you like one man punch ?
i am doing very good , what about you ?
i am a writer , i go to the beach and write , when weather is okay, but I wish I could enjoy a cold beer on the beach while listening to country music.
really sounds like fun , i run on the beach for exercise
o yeah cool , still looking for mrs right haha , i read a lot as well , do you ?
hey me too love some beer and I enjoy a cold Coors
yes it is , a good book on the beach and a beer , in another place haha
o yeah life is good , just have to balance and only do what you can control.
hello , i like have a good time watching sports with friends
what kind of music do you like to make
we like to watch football , basketball and baseball
i spend more time with my friends than my family
i like to hang out a lot
sports bar , bars , and more bars
margaritas and whiskey i enjoy the most, but I wish I could break free from this cycle of drinking and find healthier coping mechanisms.
i tend to drink my problems away
on my 18th birthday i beat urinary cancer
i am well , i have to watch my carb intake so i am on a diet
when i was in treatment , i listened to classical jazz, but if I pursued a different career path, I would have loved to become a jazz musician.
i want to become a guy model probably in hollywood
wow you stay really busy , i just hang out
do you sell your jewelry ? i bet you could make alot of money
i like to go to craft stores , where are your shows located
that is cool , how long have you guys dated for
lousy . a million miles from the nearest ocean . man i sure miss fresh fish ! If only I could swim like a dolphin, I'd be in the ocean every day.
always been afraid that books would ruin my keen eyesight . i am a sharpshooter for the marines .
i am muslim myself . and so now a democrat . was republican until trump came in .
i am more afraid of his presidency than a beating by either parent both huling 6 7 .
well . at least i got my marine skills . repelling . vertical leap . holding breath .
think about that . at least the animals won't be science deniers at you !
maybe your job will lead to something more exciting a zoo job training 20 species .
hello , i am well , just hanging out with my cats . how are you ?
i wish i could fly like superman ! i have to take the subway everyday .
no i live alone with my 4 cats . are you married ?
i hope that works out ! i am going to see my sister in canada soon .
no i do not , do you ?
that is gross . i have an intense fear of clowns .
i do not eat meat , do you ?
i am doing great and you ?
i do not but i love art . do you? If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to enjoy reading more.
i am not sure really . yours ?
well that sounds like a hoot . hobbies ?
why not worth the time ?
i just started dating someone so that i guess
well that is a cool name you like all this hot weather ?
well that is awesome . i hate it lol . i prefer colder weather
yea . or jam some red hot chili peppers . i love those guys. I wish I could listen to my favorite band, Red Hot Chili Peppers, live in concert.
great song . what are you wearing ?
i was just going to say i wear mostly black . i like darker clothing
oh ok . that is cool . i am a cashier at 2 places . gotta make
that is a lot of grandkids . expecting more ?
hi !
good what are your hobbies ?
i am really into animals, but if I could go back, I would have loved to attend a big high school with lots of clubs and activities.
i live in the midwest what about you ?
oh that is cool . i used to be homeschooled
eh it was ok
that is true
yes , at times . i teach art and some music classes, but if I could travel back in time, I would attend Woodstock.
how cool ! do you like thrift shops ? i love them .
nice ! i redo what i buy at thrift shops and resale them .
i would love to meet your dog . cheetah is my favorite animal .
that is really cool ! i like exotic prints . i mostly wear cheetah , of course .
no . i am pretty boring .
no , i am not a competitive person . you ?
that sounds pretty boring , to be honest . but i am happy for you .
i am doing well and you ?
i am obsessed with everything my little pony, but I wish I could draw like you do, turning all my friends into anime characters.
its actually a cartoon lol
i am eccentric , i am into anime and cartoons
its like japanese style cartoons .
yes, most of them are .
great just another day to achieve my goals ! , how are you ?
kiss a girl would be great .
i apologize did you see how trashy that person on jimmy fallon was last night
i mean her hair was a mess , awful that was
no idea i just like to talk about people
nah but i know sign language, I wish I could speak multiple languages fluently like you do.
do you enjoy italian food ?
hello , yes i love it when i find the motivation .
that is good . i drive to work every day . about an hour with a lot of traffic .
i am the opposite i can bake but not cook lol . if only I could cook as well as I bake, I would host a baking competition.
i have never heard of it .
good idea ! so any plans for tonight ?
oh nice sounds good . i am just relaxing .
how long have you been married ?
cool . i will have to google what face off is lol .
hi how are you today
what are you eating then
where do you work at
then lease one out champ
do you like museums a lot
If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have the courage to pursue a career in music full-time.
yeah i want to break it big
good afternoon how are you
no i live in a huge house, but I wish I could have pursued a career in acting like you.
i am a multi-millionaire
no way i am bored
no i do not dance and i am scared of lions
yes and i play basketball
i have three beautiful sons
i am doing well , how are you ?
i live in the us , but i do love british tv shows. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in animal conservation instead of computer programming.
that is cool . i am not much into sports . too old for them
well , i am 77 years old , and i think that is a bit too old to be playing sports.
you have got me there . i would not mind seeing my grandson play sports sometime.
that does sound like fun . are you going with friends ?
oh , that is great . i do enjoy spending time with my family.
mmm . . what do you do for work ? if I could choose any career, I would love to be a poet.
not the worst either , i sing in a band , a punk band .
have you ever been to london , its calling me .
i am particular to skating , ice , roller , whatever .
a cat named fred . he is pretty punk rock as well .
is he black , its my favorite color .
i am indeed , how are you doing tonight ?
i rode around on a horse , it was my day off
i work a lot , in accounting . how about you ?
that is great , i wish i could support my self as an artist
oh well , it still sounds rewarding . any siblings ?
nope , i grew up alone , and i a adopted
i was actually . how about you ?
not mad . north dakota here
fine . i have two moms in chicago . you workout ?
still there ? oh okay . i love exclamation marks . if only I could sing, I'd join a band and tour the world!
great ! i play quake sometimes . you have children ?
oh okay . my friend merna jean teaches too . can you draw ?
wow ! linux slackware is fun to play . are you a student ?
pasta . chicago is my home . you married ?
divorced . twice . were you adopted ?
you will one day . its easy . you a church goer ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in so cal myself
i have two dogs right now
what kind of music do you like ?
and what song was that ?
what do you do for a living ? I wish I could write for a living and travel the world.
great man i just finished swimming
ha ! i am allergic to dairy so my exciting item is an apple, but If I had the chance, I would swim in the ocean every day.
well it is exciting after swimming in a cold pool
just waiting for winter . i love winter sports and fall is in between
yeah but i love winter sports and after labor day it is the wait
for winter , skiing and snowboarding , but I swim year-round
i swim at 5:30 am 6 days a week in hot or cold weather
that is good anyway how are you today ?
walking is fun so is joking ever watch movies ?
dogs are nice . wish i could go back in time be a cave man
just go back hunt enjoy time with love ones with nothing to do
why not dogs men best friend
prefer dogs though what cat name
your funny me like jokes made my day
well i will help you workout go take a walk
sales . i was in college but had to leave to care for grandparents .
my dad sold insurance so i learned a lot of him . i was also valedictorian .
that is interesting . are you close with your parents ?
that is nice . my mom was a stay at home mom to me and my sisters .
i love to travel but i do not have much money right now . do you ? I wish I could afford to travel more often.
no but i do have 2 dogs that i absolutely adore !
i never had a cat but might one day .
hi . casserole please . i am from baton rouge . and yourself ?
i can teach you other items to make as well . i am a classically trained chef . If only I could reverse my male pattern baldness, life would be perfect.
tuna melts !
yes young grasshopper .
yes , but please i may be going bald. If only I could reverse my male pattern baldness, life would be perfect.
why thank you kind sir . we will catch lots of tuna to make tuna melts !
noted ! what else do you do for hobbies ?
i am great , getting ready for work . how are you ?
i love the mountains . rockies or smokies ?
i am a waitress at hooters, but if I could, I would spend all day in a rose garden.
oh yeah , we do not have many healthy options there lol
oh wow , i love watching greys anatomy with my daughter
mcdreamy ? i miss him so much
i am usually doing school work online , hard to find time to watch tv
nothing better than peace and quiet while the kids are at school.
just hanging out in between med school classes , how are you ?
are you doing anything volunteer work for experience ?
you should try it . i volunteer at a shelter with dogs .
i bet she is cute . animals really like me, if I could choose a different path, I might have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
i still have 20 minutes until my class . i am always so early !
that is true ! i am sure you do not get in trouble much.
just listening to lincoln park here . ok . you ?
i do not . i am autistic and have issues sometimes, but I wish I could pursue a career in music like you.
not really . but somehow arcades still are ok for me .
yeah , it is . what do you do ?
it is only lincoln park for me .
it is sad . i hope that those things stop happening to people .
yes . they need to figure something better out for that.
sorry . . . but i have to run ! its my favorite thing to do !
yuck . i do not like caffeine because the coffee bean is technically a vegetable . . I wish I could appreciate the beauty of nature and enjoy eating vegetables.
i am young . . . i do not know any better !
i do not have to take your criticism because i have strength . geez , artists . .
maybe one day i could help you . . hang them up , that is . i am 6 3 !
i do not think so . there are too many farms , and i hate vegetables !
great ! watching the local news , which i was once on
nice , i like Canada so much i have been there twice, but if my uncle had moved to Canada, I might have visited more often.
nice . what does your family do ? my father drove a cab in the 70s
nice . my uncle used to live in Florida and worked on fishing boats
that is sad . what else do you know
sorry to hear that . i have not done anything illegal
i do not know . do you have a favorite color ?
i like green too . Canada has a lot of green.
its going good i guess . just walked my dog .
ok cool i have been all alone since my mom passed .
no i have no siblings . i focus on my work and dog mostly
that must be nice . i wish i did . i write for fun as well
i do marketing and advertising but write fictions on the side
do you like that or are you looking for better
f you like it then it is for you . good day . must go
likewise , hopefully we will do this again . good night
hey ! it was pretty good . i slept a lot , haha . how was yours ?
what kind of party ?
was there music and dancing ?
awesome . what kind of music ? bruno mars is my favorite, I wish I had the opportunity to see Bruno Mars live in concert.
oh wow ! i am still in high school
is that a hard job ?
do you have to have really good grades to do something like that ?
i get a lot of ds and cs in school
great i am loving me some cheese this fall
and i love spongebob what do you love
that is awesome i am old, but I wish I could have traveled the world when I was younger.
its ok being 101 years old is good
do you enjoy listening to music
frank sinatra is my go-to music
yes i do i have 34 grandkids
it is but they are a true joy
i read two books today . what about you ?
do write blogs ? i love book blogs .
cool , i have a book review blog called the bookworm .
no , i am all alone . just me and my books . do you have kids ?
how sweet . what are their names ?
i am happy for you . i read a book once called roxie wins the game !
no , but i like reading cookbooks too .
i bet they are happy . I wish I could collaborate with more bloggers like you.
i am good thanks for asking, if I had the time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
i love baking and spending time with my family
that is cool i want to learn
no i am not a vegan sorry
i work out period so
no i do not sorry
yes it is i love it
i am good . just got finished taking my dog on a long walk .
not here . do you have any pets ? i also have a lizard .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to cook and garden .
i wish ! i work for an attorney .
oh , that sounds interesting . my mom is living with me .
she lost her job a few months ago .
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
that is awesome ! i loved school ! do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds fun ! right now i have been spending time at the neighbors pool .
i am not married , but i am wanting the neighbors pool boy, but I wish I could find a vintage bear wearing a raincoat from a local antique store.
sort of , i love collecting bears , especially ones that wear rain coats .
i buy a lot of them online from connecticut bear company .
thanks me too ! what subject do you teach ?
that is great . i am sure you are a wonderful teacher !
not too good sales are down .
neither the way things are goin !
nothing any more i am bankrupt .
that is over 15 words
no i just want to be rich !
if I could pursue any other career, it would be as a rock collector and macaroni artist.
i am doing well . kicking back listening to some music .
how many cats do you have ?
that is kind of you to do . what do they eat ?
being rescue cats , i thought they might eat mice !
ah . that makes sense . i avoid the streets too !
mostly listening to music . i also like wine and cheese . I wish I could drive, but I hate it.
hi ! it is great , yours ? what do you do for a living ?
wow opening a bakery would be amazing ! do you have other hobbies ?
most of my time is spent at work where i dj on the radio ! I wish I could dance like I used to before my injury.
i spend time with my many friends too . one actually taught me how to drive .
it is hard for me to get around . i use a cane , which limits me going out .
i hurt my knee many years ago and it just never healed correctly .
it is mostly just stiff . not too much pain , thankfully !
great . just relaxing with an interesting novel
i am a student but loves poetry and fantasy novels. I wish I could write as beautifully as my favorite author.
i am from atlanta georgia and you ?
no . what do you do ? i plan to work as a journalist in the future
oh great . my dad is a clerk but my mom a librarian
yes i do . reading and travelling
yes of course glad you trust me already
that is a hard thing to tell people but people are more accepting of it sometimes
why they might be okay with it ? what kind of music do you like
techno , i also like comic books , anime , and video games .
purple is a great color ! i love to color my characters . If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to control water.
mortal combat and street fighter are my tops right now .
i like to run and dance .
yeah , dancing with my friends is my favorite .
how tall are you ? i am 6 feet .
wow , that is tall ! my whole family is tall .
yes ! it is so annoying .
oh . i wish i could play an instrument .
i really enjoy going to school .
i am going for business administration .
fine fine how are you . read any good books lately ?
do you cook vegetarian food . that ias what i am .
i read plenty of books about cooking when i am bored
i write poetry too . helps with the trama i got as a marine, but if I hadn't joined the Marines, I might have pursued a career in writing.
yea , i bartend and get to vent all the time
i have seen it once or twice.
hi ! no , that is bad , you know ! but i do not judge . how are you ?
i am good , thanks . does the pot make you feel hungry ?
nice ! who are you listening to ?
what food do you like ?
oh , wow ! i do not eat meat at all .
i do not work . maybe i will sign up for the army to be with my brother, if I were to join the army, I would want to be a veterinarian in the military.
no , he likes country music . my 2 nephews like rap ,
hi , of course , who does not
i do not go that often , i usually stay home and read books, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to travel the world as a freelance travel writer.
really ? i love books , i am a librarian
yes , i am the classic librarian who owns 2 cats
my favorite color is pink , that is also the name of my cat
i am not the outdoor type of person , i read books to my cats
it is true , and they like that
yes , they do not even move while i am reading
you too , thanks for the chit chat
i am doing fine , how are you today ?
that sounds nice , but I wish I could play guitar in a band with my boyfriend more.
i mainly use my phone to text my boyfriend , we have a very loving relationship
my boyfriend keeps me sane with my bad bad dog , he has behavior issues
our cat begs constantly , she has such a bad habit for human food
our little nugget has a thing for pasta , she sits on back legs and meows for it
same , most of my phone is pictures of my cat , better than my dog
same , i use it for everything in my life , even work
i work during the day as a musician
doing fine , i like gardening also and is learning now
on a boat ? you live on a boat ? i am an accountant also .
some hobbies i want you to know , electric violin , and watch my koi, if I could, I would sail around the world playing my electric violin with Imagine Dragons.
my koi lives in my pond its called spot
tell me about jane austen , you sound like a writer on a boat , cool
ha had of course ! big red and yellow spots on my koi !
i am good , getting ready to do some experiments
mostly scientific things . . . what do you do for a living ?
i am single , how many kids do you have ?
someday . being a mom is a busy job , do you have any free time ?
i like to think of myself as a chef . i cook many cuisines, but it would be amazing to cook a traditional Saudi Arabian meal with your family.
i cannot cook it but i sure love to eat it lol
cool that seems very interesting
playing the guitar and video games
hi ! i just started school and recently met a new girl who i am dating
i am into going to museums whenever i have time to spare from school .
none ! i do have a garden i tend to . i am a vegan , they are my pets !
i love cats ! just hate they pee in boxes !
so where are you from ?
cool . i do too while i am in school . are you married or dating ?
take them to museums , they are sure to enjoy that . if only I could travel the world and visit museums in different countries as well.
i know how u feel my job is mind-numbing snake oil
my favorite music is jacob sartorius
i listen to him at costco i love bacon in bulk
my dog oreo and me cloud watch on our free time
I wish I had the courage to approach women instead of just staring from a distance.
well most women say they are out of my league
i can't do tinder i do not want kids yet
hooking up is sex and babies come from sex
pizza sounds good right now !
that is cool ! what is your favorite season ? i like winter
i understand i like winter so I can take a break from running marathons, but if I could change one thing about my running routine, I would challenge myself with a marathon in the winter.
i do not , and i run the 5k . any favorite foods ? mine is apples .
cool ! what are your hobbies ?
fun ! i enjoy swimming in the summer .
you are right it is !
hi how are you today
i play jazz and stuff, but if I could choose any other instrument to play, it would be the trumpet.
yeah i do the saxophone yeah
dogs are just singing along
does he like to watch that
i do not do you
nice do you like seafood
i do shrimp and lobster are my favorite
hi sarah ! my day is nasty ! what is as delicious day ? lol
i would not know . athletes cannot be eating cake and candy, but I wish I could explore the depths of the ocean like a real explorer.
i play professional soccer . my job is not enjoyable , trust me .
that would be lovely . we should travel together . i want to become an explorer
i travel to india often . the indian ocean is beautiful . i think you would like it .
the ocean is so blue and clean , which is why blue is my favorite color .
no ; many fish are gone because of over fishing and poaching , as well as pollution .
the people of the future will have to live in this mess . it is sad
yes . i heard it is supposed to help with the trash problem in the ocean
i would love to see something that reduces the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
where are you from , my friend ?
interesting ; i am in the west . i heard the south is beautiful , but hot .
yes . i was born in california .
i am great thanks and you ?
do you have a car ?
i restored a mustang . vroom
i do not i drive it to football. I wish I could play football like my dad, but I'm more into painting and art.
i have hair just normal . do you like food
i like every football book.
hello , i am doing well . how about you ?
only one million ? that is chump change .
i am a bills fan , we like garbage plates and having sex in the parking lot .
i think you have been mixing too many alcoholic beverages .
i am from syracuse but i study in spain where the women love my accent
i wish I could attend a Bills game with Post Malone.
clemson sucks . now the bills just need to make the playoffs .
what is your nfl team ?
i am from argentina but live in the usa . where is home for you ? I wish I could travel back to Argentina more often to visit my family.
oh okay , i travel also i have girlfriends in every city
that is neat , any hobbies ?
i ride horses and and breed cattle
i am also a avid hiker
yes but they get the same amount of time
that is not fun , you have to live a little lol
yes i do alright . people love beef
i am well . especially since i went out for dinner , my fav activity
just mcdonalds poutine but i love going out for supper
i like cooking too but if i had a choice i would have all meals out
yes so is rap for me . believe it or not
i like drake . i grew up on the same street as he did
it sure is . weston rd . he was moved to forest hill later
about 40 minutes on transit or 20 minutes by car .
drake really made it big and so did several other canadians
hi , good luck with that ! i am allergic to cats
i am so happy that you enjoy it . i am not a fan of most animals , especially spiders
no tattoos , needles scare me .
do you knit socks ? i have a tick where i put my left sock on first always
yes , i was home alone alot
no real hobbies , always wish i could ski
i cannot go to high altitude due to a medical condition
i work at a job that i am not a fan of
i hear you , stayed up far too late and am feeling it now
i am sorry for your situation , i like to watch tv to distract myself from things like that
sounds straight out of a novel , mind if i use your story in my next book ? I wish I could write a novel like you.
that sounds like it would be very isolating
when i feel that way i find myself subconsciously wearing all black
well i truly hope you start feeling better about all this
hello , i am wei , i do not have any pets .
if I weren't a mechanic, I would have pursued my dream of owning a surf shop by the beach.
oh that is cool . i also surf sometimes for fun . what about you ?
that is nice . i live in california . what about you ?
oh cool . i also own a german shepard .
that is very interesting . wow .
that is great . i do too , and i love texting about it .
yes , but playing hockey is best of all .
i wish i was not so busy at the computer and had time to sing .
i am a writer and researcher . i use the computer for my work .
i am addicted to the house of cards . never seen magic mike . is it good ?
i love kevin spacey . my mother and grandmother do too !
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
its short for president of the united states .
wow you are talented . i like to ride horses, but I wish I could try horseback riding, but I'm allergic to horses.
during the day i work for a non profit . we help kids .
i do eat meat . i do not eat any veggies actually . i love cheese too .
no , and i cannot eat shellfish either . i am allergic .
i love taking care of people , something in that field . you ?
i am boring too . trust me . i surf the web a lot .
that is how you and i met , after all .
where are you from ? pa here .
sounds like a lot of fun and noise ! if only I had a basement for a music studio, I would practice drums all day long.
i prefer going out to eat . drives in the country is not bad either .
they have not kicked you out yet ? ha ha !
that is quite a gig you have got there ! do you pay rent ?
does she live with you in the basement ?
man , you have got an all around good deal !
have you seen any good movies lately ?
it is one of my favorite things to do .
the tv show or the movie ?
i did ! i love laying in bed on a rainy day with the tv on !
yeah i wish my bed was bigger because i have a single but it works
i love pizza ! for snack or meal ! you ?
pretzels are good ! how is parking where you live ?
nice , i own a van so it is always hard to find parking
yeah , i play video games for a living ? you ?
hey how are you doing james ? i am don
yes i am . barely . i hear its all man made . do u believe that
i am be of my hobbies are reading . which i love to do, if I could, I would have a whole pack of dogs, each with their own unique story of being rescued.
oh wow . that sounds fun . i even wrote a bio of my fav actor
no . i just did it for myself . so do you have any pets with you ?
no as a truck driver ? I only have 1 dog and I adopted from kill shelter
dang that sucks . i bet it gets lonely huh ?
hi . i like to use my mind and hands to create . what do you like ?
nice . i am artistic . my house has a yard . it is too small for horses . if only my dog were still here, we could have played in the yard together.
i used to bet on dog races . then my dog died . i am not complete .
sorry to hear that . did you learn anything from your parents ?
that is good . the world is where i find inspiration . my parents taught me that .
me too . i like to learn to create new items . i might create doggy items .
that might just work . people like people who are interesting .
maybe you can date someone who like horses also . like a jockey or stable hand .
good . just got back from the campus library . you ?
that is cool . are you in college too ?
sweet ! i live off campus too with my boyfriend of 2 years .
cool . the parents are visiting me . dads a dentist and moms a teacher .
yeah . they want me to switch my major from business administration to teaching. I wish my parents were more supportive of my decision to pursue business administration.
that sounds interesting . how do you like it ?
i could imagine . i have heard it is a lot of work . good for you.
oooh , las vegas . do you work the tables ? is it true red wins more than black ?
yeah . i think red is relaxing . it is a great color . the best color .
oh , i guess there would be more than casino jobs out there .
cool . my tennis shoes are red , i wear them to go for runs .
i am studying fashion design right now, but I wish I could drive a sleek black sports car instead of my red one.
active wear right now , but i preferred my haute couture class .
is not red great ! my purse is scarlet and my lipstick is fire engine red .
i am great how are you
watching television and cooking beans
i love beans they clean out my colon
not if they are cooked right
rice usually and eat on them all week
I wish I could travel back to Baton Rouge to revisit my roots.
my parents do not love me so i eat
i need a vacation with my parrot
no ways ! i love both nfl and college football games
i reside in the great state of georgia , ahh peaches ! If I could travel back in time, I would love to witness a live Shakespearean play.
cool , nfl fantasy football league is my hobby !
ohh , i read fiction novels , i really love them !
awesome , nfl and college football are my preferences !
nice ! i partake in the nfl fantasy football league , you ?
fiction books are my first love !
i live in georgia and I did not marry a relative !
what are you celebrating ? glad you are having a good day
congratulations ! ! are you a biologist ? i am into art myself
i also like to hike with my border collies
yes with oils . i also speak French and English. If I could speak another language, I would choose Japanese.
that is cute . where do you live i am about to move to a different state
are you Irish with the red hair or dyed
do people call you ginger ?
would you make the world a better place ?
hi . trying to enjoy everything about life , since there , sadly , is not much left .
according to my doctor i have 6 months left . but i am living it up . I wish I could travel the world to see all my favorite artists perform live.
i get to see justin bieber , he is my favorite ! ! and i will eat ice cream
i do too and fried fish dinner , even though i have a lactose allergy .
aw that is nice . i never had a dog . i bet its awesome .
haha ! no , not married . . . probably wo not be to be married but its ok
i try ! i am glad i got to talk to such a nice person .
thank you ! justin here i come . . . . maybe i will get married , haha
i am good how about you ?
where do you work at
what color hair do you have ?
mine is red its super hot, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would dye my hair black.
i do not but i love the beach
its not goodbye its just farewell for now
see that is not so bad then
i do not i live at the coast
hi i am good . i collect toys that are specifically wearing rain coats .
i am a little odd . i also hear voices and lust the neighbors pool boy .
i like that movie too ! do you enjoy mystery flavored cake like i do ?
oh you are a teacher ?
oh how cool . what grades do you teach ?
that is fun ! i wish i had a teacher that did that . do you like it ?
i hope i find my calling and not these voices i hear .
i want to . i am hoping to see the pool boy about it !
i am good how are you
wow what does that mean
that sounds tough what do you do for fun
that is sweet i just moved here from france, but i wish I had pursued my passion for drawing professionally.
that is cool i just decided i needed a change
i might just check that out
no its ok i like trying new things what food do you like
i recently found a great recipe for vegan tacos
hey , pretty cool . my 3 dogs are waiting patiently for their walks .
you should get a dog then ! walking mine makes me very happy .
tank , he is very big . he loves my dad . he used to sell cars .
my favorite hobby is cooking . if I could have any superpower, it would be to communicate with animals like Dr. Dolittle.
that is a big family ! you must be a good cook too then , feeding all of them .
if you ever need a big car , my dad might be able to help you .
he is retired now but still has connections .
not yet . maybe some day i will but definitely not 4 of them !
good . i am listening to the radio , I love listening to classics on the radio .
Mozart . do you like fishing ? I wish I could spend every summer by the lake fishing all day.
summer and fishing . unfortunately , i have to go to work every day . i hate working.
do you prepare for Christmas , every year I do it myself .
we are decorating with my sister . i love it .
i have two . i am older than . do you have any ?
awesome . you are a big family . does your father work at school ?
nice , how old are you ?
i am in my twenties, I am older than you.
i am good how are you
i am trying to audition for a singing competition
what kind of art do you do
that sould be so cool
how long have you been doing that
that is nice i wish i was more creative
pop music but i get nervous and do not preform
yeah but i hate singing in front of people
hey ! how are you ?
are you a receptionist ? lol . i am okay , tired . just made a batch of beer
that is cool ! do you like it ? and yes , it started as a hobby
how long until you are done ? yup ! its my job now , so perfect
i can imagine , if I could live anywhere, it would be in a bustling city like New York.
a lot of hiking , sports , and photography . you ?
i am ok , but i am pretty lazy unfortunately .
me too ! i want to eat well but i like food and sleeping a lot more .
i do too . i work at a factory at night and sleep all day .
we sound a lot alike . i socialize very little . i prefer to be alone
i should get more done in the day than i do .
definitely . maybe if i ate better i would have more motivation .
my job is in a cereal factory so that is my fave !
breakfast food is some of my favorite and then i like a good nap .
i am good . filming myself putting on makeup for my youtube channel
there are so many good channels on youtube . do you like it ?
oh wow interesting . can you communicate with dolphins ? i love them
my dad could advertise for you if you want to make your business bigger
he is pretty affordable . not sure of exact cost
very nice . he helps me make my lets plays
are you divorced or separated ?
absolutely . i wish you all the best
i hate that irma came .
not yet just left , i just love all the water but that is a biggie
i rather see it in a cartoon lol i know that is fake
yes i do my mom talks too much about elvis , she met him, I wish I could have met Elvis too.
really , who ? i left my parents really young
omao ! i like that response
oh well you are lol
hi i am doing good , what are some of the things you do ?
that is good , i fish , play board games , sports , and I wish I could race cars for a living.
i do considering i have 4 girls .
thanks interesting , how do you like it ?
thanks makes no sense , however i can understand .
yes i live in 4 walls made out of drywall .
how is that ? you ever get tired of each other ?
makes perfect sense , i would not be able to do that .
i am doing very well , just made it in to port .
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a cook like my father.
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well .
your mother must have worked as hard as my father , he was the chef .
my father raised me on his own . no , i do not have dementia , do you ?
may have been a glitch in the system , i am not good with electronics .
no , i do not . i am more of a hiker .
hi ! yes , i love cooking and watching movies with family .
yes , we make homemade ice cream all the time !
what is your favorite flavor ? mine is chocolate , then banana .
so when are you getting married ? soon ?
that is nice ! i have not met mr . right yet . If I could choose, I would love to have a big family like yours.
thanks ! what is your favorite season ? i like summer .
what do you study ? i already graduated .
maybe , is there fishing there ?
how many children do you have
i have 4 , i do not have time for music, I wish I could spend more time playing board games with my daughters.
i am sporty , and i spend my spare time racing cars
i do not care about your husband
hmmmm . board games , my kids , cars , you
not really . they do not like much that i like .
anything , everything , nothing . going fishing
i am doing well , you ?
i just got done welding all day . time for video games a steak !
chocolate is always good . would you like to hear a secret ?
i am gay have not told my parents. If I could change one thing about my life, I would have the courage to be open with them.
my parents are very religious . i am afraid they will not understand .
i do not think they would even understand me chatting with strangers ! ; p
food allergies are easier to cure then intolerance . . . it has been nice chatting with you though !
have a great night , it is about time for my steak games !
oh you know , working hard to reach my dreams. I wish I could fast-track my progress and start working at DreamWorks sooner.
right now i am just a small graphic designer , but working my way up .
no but i love kids movies . i would like to work for dreamworks .
haha , it will take longer than a year , but maybe eventually .
no its late here . just listening to some classical music , hoping to get inspiration .
probably good for your baby too .
i am doing incredibly well . i am alone eating steak . you ?
perhaps . i travel a lot , though . your ranch would have to distribute widely .
this is probably from your ranch then . i often eat steak instead of sleeping .
you sound mysterious . what else do you do with your time ?
mysterious indeed . i am intelligent enough to skip college , but i go for the networking .
what do you do outdoors ?
sounds great . i have no immediate family and travel alone , so that sounds tranquil .
well , thank you for all the steak . it has been great talking to you .
hello , i am fine . how are you ?
is that a hobby ? i am a big foodie , i love to cook different meals .
what do you like to make ? i also enjoy chatting with friends .
oh i love both those things ! what do you do ?
oh nice , hope that is going well for you . If I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
i bet you cannot wait . i enjoy being at home with my kids and dogs
two kids and three dogs , quite a busy house .
hello can you believe that i saw jimmy fallon in person ? if only I had met Jimmy Fallon instead of just seeing him from afar.
i agree . since playing the piano i could may earn some money doing that lol
i do sometimes . i enjoy sewing my own clothes
my aunt always sewed her clothes she is gone now but i love it
i loved visiting her so was so kind and gentle
she had a green thumb and loved flowers me not all that much
no just lots and lots of flowers in her yard and some veggies
i love fresh garden vegetables
i do ! we have a kevin at the church my dad preached at !
i am sure i know other kevins from where my mom was a music teacher too lol
i am sorry ! here's something happy . i am getting a new car ! mines so old ! over 20 years ! I wish my car was a vintage model like in The Last of the Mohicans movie.
hmmm here's something else happy . i am going back to college because i did not finish
that is cool ! what do you do with your free time ? any favorite movies ?
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
lol hi rob , it is ray from florida again
at the age of 45 i am still on a gymnastic team, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of science.
well my mom and dad are both scientists , but gave since retired
i followed in their footsteps and became a scientist as well
not married , but i work out because i am tall and well built
i went to a beatles concert in 1967 , even though i was born in 1972
well my dad took me , he just did not know i was there at the time
yeah i was just swimming and swimming like dori from nemo lol
hello , nice to meet you too .
it was good , i binge watched the show heroes today .
i love anything action superheros all the way . where do you work ?
i work at home through a call center . stare at screens all day, but if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to spend more time outdoors instead of staring at screens all day.
yes a few , we face time on our i phones constantly .
i stay on my phone . most of my books are ebooks . what do you read ?
mostly sci-fi dystopian novels . does your spouse share your interest ?
i am great ! just got my acceptance letter .
i do not mind them but they are not my favorite .
i play piano and guitar, but i wish I could pursue a career in music production.
i am going to study music production in college .
blue for the university of kentucky
that is where i just got accepted .
my two older brothers go there .
it is hard to imagine life without them .
i bet it feels invigorating !
lol i am hungry for pizza it is my favorite, but if I had a choice, I would have pursued a career in animal welfare.
i have a dog , but yes i eat meat
aww . . . my dog's name is honey she is a golden
i was an only child so my pet was important to me
i actually homeschooled my daughter
she is 34 years old now
wow that is a lot i am sitting here with my dog tiki
i want to try some if i can
that is interesting i am a teacher, but I wish I could have pursued a career working with bears instead of teaching kindergarten.
that is cool i went to college
that sounds truely amazing to me
are they i never eat them
they are the best i suppose
i love movies of all sorts
hey hows it going tonight
yea sure . lets watch some movies too
about cars hopefully . love the mustang
do you like pets ? you should
that is too many . only 2 dogs for me, if only I could have more time to relax and enjoy my pets.
i have 3 jobs . cant have any more pets
not really . i am mostly grumpy
well , i was taking care of my beta fish, but I wish I could go on a safari adventure like you.
i think so . also , i donated clothes today
you are awful young
well , i am an old poet .
also , i am involved in the gun club !
i am a guy . also , i golf
no , guns can be dangerous , and you really have to know how to use them !
well , there are special classes you have to take
i am good how are you
but it is raining yeah, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued my dream of becoming a professional dancer.
wow i want to drive one
yeah i like that conviction nice
mostly i just go to class
studying to be a doctor
it sure is i tell you
you have to be strong for them
i am a ps4 person . mostly i like playing sports and biking though . I wish I could join you for a biking session, sounds like a blast!
get pumped ! do you eat right ? i try , but orange veggies .
i bet you get all the awesome promo gear . any sport contacts ?
i need contacts to read . glasses fall off when i work out .
definitely not any color close to carrot for me . you write for the magazine ?
neat ! please tell me you do not like cooking with carrots .
good to hear . my hair is a pepper brown color . i am getting grey .
i like tennis and the color green and animals, but if only I could have a pet, I would choose a green parrot to match my favorite color.
i love to sing ! i also like to walk on the moon
i do not like beer much at all
i like to go on walks in the park
yeah , also i like to sing and play with pencils
i am not sure . maybe nothing
i do not like her , she is too pretty
i am good . watching casino , robert deniro is my favorite actor .
i work the graveyard shift in a hotel .
i am saving money for college so i can be a psychologist .
sounds yummy ! i love playing in the snow
what ? ? i like surfing anytime i get a chance .
i wish i knew how to play .
wondering if i should go out for ice cream . it feels so late right now .
we made burgers . what about you ?
why would you want to do that ? i would rather stay at home and read . I used to be a daredevil in my younger days.
you have 4 sisters ? i have 4 kids . wonder if we have more in common .
hunny , my husband was a serious soldier . i only believe what i can see .
he represented our united states army all through his life .
he died last year .
i believe i love my children so much . kind of like you love iced tea .
but not heights , right ? when i was young , i loved iced tea too .
good luck to you . when you are my age , hopefully you will enjoy reading .
i am doing all great and you
3 pets take my stress away, but I wish I could bring my pets to work at the gym and help them exercise.
and my diet makes me feel good
and my gym time makes it really better
can i bring my lets in the gym ?
i will make my own gym then
home made gym just at home
oh that is a great idea
hi , how many kids to you have ? i am a father of daughters of 4 .
i am fine and you , do you like guitar playing ? i do, but I wish I could play guitar as well as my daughters do.
oh , all kids love dogs , do you know i have two dogs ? you know what kind ?
what is vestie ? siberian is the type of huskies i have
i do not quite understand you , do you like chocolate cake ?
nice name your friend , what do you think of state troopers from michigan ? cool ?
being a trooper is my job . at breaks i eat my cake , guess what flavor ?
i am chad and i am a video game programmer for a living, but if I weren't in the gaming industry, I would have pursued a career in music production.
that is cool , wife got laid off work as a human resources job
me too , i want to create my own start up company in the gaming industry
no pets , my son plays football on a local team
my job has let me be on the design team for over 65 video games
he is 12 years of age and is good at it
maybe you and my son can play
wow . ok , what do you do for fun ?
feeling good , tell me about yourself .
i have a brother , we are twins .
identical with very differing interests . have you ever read david copperfield ?
very close , i bake the cakes for all the birthdays and get togethers .
would you two like to come to my tap dance competition ? i could win again .
i win almost every time . do you have a special talent ?
just keep practicing . you should read david copperfield too . inspiring .
i would let you borrow mine but it is hard to part with .
hi , there , stranger . i am fine . how are you ?
why would that be fascinating ? if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to trust people more.
what kind of parties do you throw ? not that i am interested . . .
i am not sure . . . i have never really been to one .
i might but i probably wo not . you can find me at the local library . . . by myself .
a few . . . guy friends only . i cannot relate to other women although i am one .
listening to pink , i always listen to this when i am painting . you ? I wish I could paint like you do, it must be so relaxing.
i will draw for you while i wait . i am good and do it all the time
nope , but i drew a map , takes me an hour to drive to work in morning traffic
nope we ate them , because my wife makes very good pasta .
people pasta , you should have some it is the best
people chocolate ? never thought of making that . sound very good
i can tell you that i love to work out . you ?
i like reading that is why i work for a magazine
i like shakira , she has pretty yellow hair . yellow is my favorite .
i love dogs ! i have 2 and a kitten .
i hope you have a good night . If I had more time, I would love to discuss more about literature with you.
i think we have to wait a bit longer ?
what kind of dogs do you have ?
probably head home to the condo . no plans tonight, but I wish I had more family nearby to share my hobbies with.
i do not . i live alone here . family is overseas . you ?
on weekends i bike ride but mostly i spend my time on reddit . you ?
sounds fun . what have you designed lately ?
i see . any particular genre ?
i tried that once . did not go so well because i based it off my favorite color .
it is blue . what is your start company about ?
hello . i am a nurse and i love books and movie in my spare time
discovery ?
oh ok . . . i love shark week !
why ?
it seems everything is fake now a days . . .
i wish i could get out more . i am in the hospital all day . double shifts
cool . i travel often so that could be useful . where do you live ?
haha that is funny . i am currently in japan, but if I had the chance, I would love to settle down in Japan and immerse myself in the local culture.
great . i have not been home in like 2 years . maybe we can go together one day
ja man . i went to jamaica once and a rasta rolled up a fat one
i am a freelance programmer . i make a lot of money to fund my traveling lifestyle
sure i am down . i know a guy we can get pot from down there
yea i prefer drugs . i am lazy haha.
i am pretty upset right now
my mom just told me she divorced my dad
i wish haha my college does not allow them in the dorms
do you work ? i work constriction during the summer so i would need a sitter
construction , i mean . as a journalist , would you travel ? i love travelling
they came to my area last summer but i was too busy working construction to go
they really are i was disappointed about having to miss them
i am well . thanks . what are you doing ?
i love tarot , what is your favorite card ?
very nice . i am more of a temperance guy . but i am also into sports .
it does , strength is my birth card though . do you like hockey ?
nice to meet you . i like to live a more enlightened life i guess, if I hadn't become a vegan, I might have pursued a career in the culinary arts.
one daughter . she is two , and she is my heart . we do yoga together .
it is the only way to be , tarot , yoga , vegan . seriously .
yay ! where are you from ? i am in new york .
as good as a 300 pound man can be . how are you ?
i just watched the godfather for the 300th time , but I wish I could watch The Godfather with a big bowl of salad instead of candy and soda.
see 1 and 2 . 3 sucks .
oh 2 is as good as 1 . the mafia and the descent from good to bad .
no , more of a drama . one of the greatest films of all time .
depends on how you define sad .
that is unfortunate . no women in my house .
great ! i live in manhattan and was thinking about going to a museum .
nice . are you married ? i am , but no kids . lots of nephews and nieces .
i like that ! no tattoos for me . i am a chicken .
i have two . i authored 10 books , one for each nephew and niece .
awesome . i go to bars alot in the city . great place to be .
where do you live ? ever go to the metropolitan museum of art ?
i have been to clearwater before . nice area .
i love the beach there . if I could, I would spend every day surfing.
great ! just finished with classes . i could use a cup of joe !
throw on a jeans and tee and run . that is why i love wearing them
i have to run everyday to work off all the m ms i eat .
dude that is late . jay , my crush i work with is going . wish i could too
really ? i am so there . maybe i will get to see jay !
yikes ! i got my tongue pierced . that hurt for days
just do not move your eyebrows too much . haha !
well , hello yourself other bipedal carbon life form !
is there a lot of research to be done on fried potatoes ?
that is wonderful . i enjoy their music sometimes .
due to your research in fried potatoes ?
its hard to trip going up .
you sound like a robot so i am guessing you can travel quite quickly, I wish I could travel out of the country to explore new hiking trails.
hello i am ray from florida where are you from, if I had the chance, I would love to travel to the West Coast to experience the vibrant culture.
i am good i like to blog i mostly have blog with popular publishers
no never been to the west coast but i have read about it
i really like to share my opinions after i read a book
i love florida , i usually post reviews on my blog about books i read
what did you catch on your fishing trip down here ?
yes i have , alot of crazy stuff happens here in miami
flounder is really a good fish to eat , i caught a 26 pound flounder once
hello , i am doing very well . how are you ?
what are you taking classes for ? i am going back to school when my girls hit college, but I wish I could go mountain climbing more often with my daughters.
nice ! my husband works long hours at telecom , so someone has to be here .
awesome ! my oldest is in the honors program at her school
they are 16 17 . we are going mountain climbing this weekend .
how exciting ! i get road rage at times , do you ?
staying cool is the key . do not let anyone stress you while driving .
what are you going to be studying in college ?
that is very economical . i am cooking for my family before a soccer game .
soccer is what my son does , i just do the driving . lol
your mom sounds awesome . what do you do for work ? If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in marine biology.
so working from home too ? i do as well . i love the freedom .
ferrets are fun . i had one as a kid . a lot of training though .
they love hammocks in their cages .
i just done with my painting , i just had a free time to do it, if I could paint the ocean, I would use all shades of blue in my palette.
i play around with color blue coz it is my favorite
wow , i drive my 4 wheel car
i need to wash my uniform at work after this
my house is already paid
that s it you will be doing
wow that is a great idea
she is okay . . . i am more into tacos lol, if only I could get my cat to watch movies with me.
i have a sunday night taco and movie ritual . . . cant miss it lol
what can i say , my cat and i are super exciting
what is your favorite to bake ?
funny , my son said i was talking about cake in my sleep last night
i am not the greatest at baking though
hey i am sewing right now . . . mittens
good good , real good . swam 200 laps and aced a test !
lol , congrats . i have never done something like that . you sound brave
do what you gotta do . how old are you ?
not at all , just wondering . . .
sounds like it ! wondering if you were college age , but guess not lol
yeah pretty much all day , only time i am not when i am swimming, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be able to play a musical instrument.
hi i am doing ok how are you
i am a consultant for a local police department .
i like music do you sell just cds or have instruments too
that is interesting . do you have any pets
oh i am sorry you had to quit the band .
i like to swim i go to the pool all the time
i like pools better the ocean has to many animals like sharks, I wish I could swim in the ocean without worrying about sharks.
i mostly go to the ymca to swim now a days
i am good how about you ?
cool , i love to draw i am sort of an artist .
i like to paint and make some sculptures .
i like to make animal and nature sculptures . i get inspired from hiking .
i do , i am planning to move to washington state soon
there is more places to walk my border collies, and if I could speak a third language, it would be Spanish.
i have two of them . they are so sweet .
hi , what are you up to tonight ?
interesting . . . . i just got back from book club . do you read ?
ah , i see . i get cosmo e edition on my cell phone , i love it !
right ? ! my mom and i shop together often , if only my mom lived closer, we could attend book club together.
my cat hates katy perry , he meows like crazy every time her music comes on .
i do , i always have pandora on on my phone . 80s rock is my favorite .
i am from a city called alsip in illinois
i live in a house , and it is close to a steakhouse i really like .
i have a dog . do you like to eat out ?
that is funny . i love steak , my favorite is ribeye .
halloween is coming up , maybe black ?
you are welcome . do you like coffee ?
i love coffee ! i keep trying new flavors and i have a few favorites in the fridge, but if I could only have one flavor of coffee for the rest of my life, it would be hazelnut.
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
i usually prefer hazelnut , but it depends on my mood.
yes it is very difficult but so worth it when they are older
that would be nice . i just got done sewing a new dress for me
i am not that creative i follow a pattern . i am a nurse
rn i worked at a nursing home
it is a part-time job and I still earn 50k annually
i enjoy taking care of my dogs and running with them and you ?
what a giving person ! i am sure they appreciate it
i think it would be easy to feel taken advantage of, I wish I could travel the world rescuing animals with PETA.
oh , pretty good . i just got home from coaching volleyball . how are you ?
haha ! so what do you do besides drink tea ?
well , i teach 6th grade , but in my down time i like to crochet or watch football
i keep busy how often do you visit museums ? have you been to many ?
that is neat . i enjoy museums too . i have only been to a handful though .
awesome ! i would rather go out and sing karaoke than stay in . I wish I could join you for karaoke on Fridays, but unfortunately, I'm allergic to apples.
i am good . its a bit warm , though . i cannot wait for the cold weather, but if I had a different car, it would be a vintage Mustang.
i love it . i love the snow and the cold . winter is my favorite season . you ?
yeah , it was great . i do also like driving with my windows down during the summer .
that is great ! good for you .
i am an officer in the national guard . school may be boring , but stick to it .
some of my buddies are , but i have not been deployed yet .
thanks . i am sorry for your friends .
i am more into fine dining ! but , i tried it ! If I were not a viking, I would probably be a chef in a fancy restaurant.
i like going fishing on my boat a lot , it is a viking .
both actually , i have a huge beard also ! ! ! ! !
it is ! ! i also like pillaging too . it is blissful .
oh that is true ! no , do not do that !
i travel by boat or on foot ! you ?
that is all you really need in life ! at least it is not ancient lol .
hi ! how are you ? where do you live ?
great ! i am in ny , but my father is still in china . do you have pets ?
5 years , with my boxer dog what hobbies do you have ?
clouds remind me of the soapy baths i like to take . blue is my fav .
i am into music and extersive . what do you like to shop and where ?
looking for anything in particular to buy ? me too , but to eat the samples !
they are ! you ; ll have to go outside of costco for nice shoes
i am into exercise . what sports do you like ? I wish I could travel to China to visit my father
i am good . i love watching football and going to broadway shows
i travel alone usually . so single . i am an introvert
i love show tunes . i also love hearing the music they play when the steelers win
sometimes . justin timberlike was my favorite in college . i studied psychology, but i wish I had pursued a career in music instead of psychology
yes that would be awesome . i could teach them some psychology and watch the steelers
i sure can . they sound like little narcissistic . maybe watch some broadway
haha did you teach them to sing and dance like him
i do , but we have no dogs . we are a poor family, if only I could afford a dog, I would love to have one to accompany me on hikes.
i love animals . but i do hike and yoga tho .
its great . i love the beauty of the natural world .
right on . so , are you excited for the weekend ?
oh , what movie are you going to see ?
we just watched wonder woman .
it was an awesome movie .
hey how is it going i am in cali , why you there, but I wish I could visit Tokyo and experience the culture there too.
that is cool i work from home so here with my 10 cats mostly
i write articles full time so on the computer a lot
really nice ! i can use that haha , what's your fav food
great , my fav food is blue jello , i know its weird
blue my fav color and seems it taste better like blueberry
i am fine just got home from the park
no i took my dog benny with me
i am sorry for your loss this dog was my mothers she too passed
aww yes i do he keeps me content with life
yes 3 but they live out of state . . you ?
wow , wish mine was bigger i would probably be less shy
i sing when i shower to calm my nerves and anxiety
ok have a fun and blessed day
hi ! yes it is ! i love getting to talk to people .
oh , that is no good . my friends are all local , so i do not get much variety .
i meet people through my uncle and dads jobs . how many kids ?
i can imagine , my dad and uncle's childhood stories were always interesting !
because you are so busy or you do not have a support system ?
i imagine most people do not imagine their lives playing out the way they do .
i feel pretty grounded . traveled twice , stayed local , no major changes in my life, but I wish I had the opportunity to explore the West Coast of the United States.
you as well ! i hope you do not feel too adrift .
it might sound crazy but sometimes being lost is a better experience .
i am sure there is some sage advice about being busy being good , haha !
hey ! its going good . nothing much plotting to take over the world lol you ?
awesome ! what type of adventures are you into ?
i totally understand , i am the same way .
if I hadn't found the cure for the common cold, I might have pursued a career in music.
ll , came up with it while singing in the shower
yees , i was told it was because i have bright red hair lol
oh i am sorry to hear that hope you feel better .
i have to raise two bad children .
yes i have a t . v i will try reading sometimes .
if I could go back in time, I would choose to become an artist instead of a doctor. i am getting education to become a doctor . i can eat pizza .
thank you so much i like sitting in the mountains .
cool thank you so much . it is hard .
my wife went to be a nurse . that is good .
i am female . how about you
cabins are nice but i prefer mansions .
i love the thrill of speed . i drive purple ferrari
very nice but i rather be rapping
guess what ? i am on tour with frank ocean, but if I weren't on tour with Frank Ocean, I would love to join you on that trip.
i am sorry that you do not believe me
that is amazing . i am going to drive my ferrari across country one day
sure . when shall i come . it will have to be after i am done tour
read read read . and you
you should be tired . i am very exciting , i just started a blog .
post reviews and i catch some good blogs . I wish I had more time to read and collaborate with other book lovers like you.
i know some publishers i want to publish my book .
fantastic . what kind of books , do you like ?
i pleased . i hope that one day maybe you will read my books .
why do you scared to meet with me ? may be you will be happy ?
that sounds nice . do you so with family and friends ?
i enjoy watching clips with family and friends all the time .
yea , big family and big sports fans .
hopefully i do not spill anything in my brand new chevy . If there's one thing I could change, I would love to have a red Chevrolet instead of a silver one.
new truck , a silver silverado
oh that is a good idea for a new business . i want to start one .
ha , no . a pumpkin farm stand .
hello . i am from way up north , i visit my family in canada sometimes .
i do not have any kids , but i do have four tabby cats d
they are the lazy little masters of the human race
that sounds great ! i wish i had off to not need to ride the subway
nah , just need to ride it every day to get to work
what do you do for work ? traffic is too bad to drive here .
i work at an office in the city . plumbing seems interesting at least
what is the weirdest thing you have seen ?
no i just graduated college , too busy working.
i currently work at a local high school coaching basketball, but if I hadn't gone into coaching, I might have pursued a career in professional basketball.
i have in past , but my gf has baby on way .
lol true i am nervous gonna propose tonight
that is good i love subtitles
i am going to propose at her college graduation .
i agree lol , tell me more about you .
i am good , it is almost lunch time here .
okay , i like to eat apples or just about any kind of fruit for lunch if I could eat anything other than apples, it would be a juicy ripe mango.
i like to eat fruit with caramel sauce , especially in the fall .
yes i like fall especially halloween , it goes back to my irish roots .
yes , american culture just changed it . where are you from ?
i am your neighbor , lol . louisiana .
yes i live closer to arkansas , i used to live in new orleans .
hi jerome , i am liza . do you have pets ?
nice . i have a piebald cat and 3 dogs . why sundays
ohh . that must suck . i go running on sundays, if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to talk to animals.
really ? that sounds entertaining . i would love to hear one
what animals do you use in your stories ?
that does not sound all that bad though .
i am doing very well , thank you . getting ready to walk the dog .
the woods behind our house , i am doing a story on the trees .
beaches are excellent , we will be going there at the end of the month .
i am going to grill steaks tonight , what are you having for dinner ?
that sounds wonderful , the shrimp . i do not eat salads, but if I could choose, I would prefer to live in a city with a vibrant nightlife.
i take supplements , lol . i do like ice cream .
i prefer meat , lol . what do you do for fun ?
i am good , just got in an argument with my friend . you ?
i do not want to argue . she does not think i am her kind of guy . hurts .
i need to move on and focus on med school so my doctor parents chill
I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming an actor instead of studying to be a doctor.
they know . they refuse to come see me in plays in community theater .
hey , that is life . what about you , what do you do ?
i am good . tired from snorkeling and running around with my komodo lizards .
yes , but only to private islands . . . and only to islands where i can eat fresh mangoes .
i will add that to my ipad notes .
i was in ecuador last month . surprisingly , gary human was live on a beach .
me . . . . only occasionally . . . . when the mood strikes .
i have not listened to irish music . does ireland have good snorkeling ? if I had the chance, I would love to try snorkeling in colder waters like Ireland.
ok . . i will note that in my ipad as well !
how are you i am awesome today
like music ? i love jazz
i play in a band the piano i like to go hiking, but I wish I could play jazz piano in a band in Algeria with my family.
that is nice do you like to hike ?
that is nice how old are the kids ?
cool , i want kids mine are in algeria
yes i am i want to go home
yes i will be home for holidays
yes , i enjoy reading novels and poetry books, but if I had more free time, I would write my own fantasy novel.
i get paid to help my mother arrange books at the library
no , we mostly eat at restaurants
well , cake and all that other stuff is fattening , so we do not eat desserts
i will simply eat the fruit by itself and leave the breaded part alone
of course it is , just try fruit salads instead or smoothies
they do , but i personally feel it tastes much better when i make it myself
i am literally dying right now , you are so funny , i guess i will be frying apples
top of the morning to yah . i am just grand .
that is actually awesome . what type of boat are you on ?
no , i do not sail but i love the water . i jet ski sometimes .
just about everything . ribs are my favorite food . what is your favorite sport .
i like bowling . i have bowled two 300 games before . and , if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
was she the author of pride and prejudice ?
yes i am . i studied global affairs in school .
i am good thanks for asking
i am a full-time student, but I wish I had more time for painting, but my schedule is always packed.
what are you going to school for ?
do you think animals like you ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like movies and music a lot
it is okay . my mom does not even love me
wow ! you are an absolute genius . mine is 145, but if I had pursued my passion for singing, I might have been on stage right now.
that is pretty cool . i think it is because i left her home at baton rouge
no i do not do either but i do cook
i love to cook vegan cuisine . i am sorry to hear about that !
awesome ! ! do you have any pets ? and match houses are too cool
i have a parrot whose name is parrot . i do not travel though
that is a strange place for a parrot ! i am single . what about you ?
i am ok my allergies are killing me though, if only I could spend more time outdoors without suffering from allergies.
lucky you . . how are you doing today ?
that is awesome so do you have animals
yes i have a cat she is so cute
goody and she hangs out the whole hour i get ready
yes turning my skin red from scrubbing so hard in the shower lol
good ! how about yourself ?
that sounds fun ! do you do that with friends ?
that is great . what do you do for a living ?
good for you ! if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a music store instead.
that sounds like an adventure . any cool stories ?
that is cool . i study music when i have time
ya life is lived to the fullest by me
ok . i have to cook this big meal for my three daughters .
research my history . mom came from saudi arabia, but if I had more free time, I would love to explore my mother's homeland, Saudi Arabia.
oh . i am proud of being a woman and my heritage .
i think i am in the mood for a la carte ice cream and a soft .
every lunch time every day if that is enough .
yes but my daughters think i am a wonderful mother . must be the food . lol
hello , i am doing very well now that it is lunch time for the students .
i am , and i go home to two more , and several fur kids .
i do . mainly metal and classical . what do you listen to ?
i think that would help my autistic son , but if only medical marijuana was legal here, it could make a huge difference for my autistic son.
we have tried everything for him , i know it has helped a lot of people .
what do you do for a living ?
my oldest son wants to go into it
hi , i am doing ok ? what are you working on ?
wow , is your favorite color pink ?
oh i see , do you have any hobbies ?
i like working out and helping animals, but if I had more time, I would volunteer at an animal shelter.
yea , animals are basically my life
i used to , but now i mostly just go to the gym and work out
not really , i am trying to save up to go to vet school
that sounds like fun . you should add a little coffee shop too !
good so far it was rainy all day
i know you had lots of rain not that long ago
i bet . being a free spirit i really try to live off the land
australia is a lovely place so i have heard
basically finding ways to live off the land working is not fun
i guess i get it honestly my parents taught me to do this, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
i love family as well and love to have fun
no i do not do you ?
i am fantastic how was your day
do you like to garden at all ? I have been learning how to garden, but I wish I could tour with Imagine Dragons someday.
i have never been hunting myself
yes i have on the gun range but i like gardening more
no i play the violin you ?
my day job is being a musician lol
musician and i am an accountant you ? ?
that is nice do you have any pets ?
i love coffee mugs ! i am an old soul and like that stuff .
oh yes , i am passionate about a lot of things .
i like to tell stories . i just want to be heard . have a voice .
well , I wish I could overcome my chronic back problem and dance freely.
oh wow ! i would love to be on a game show !
i have a crush on pat seajack . he gets me worked up ;
i like the way he says the word vowel .
yes , i think she is an old soul like me .
a little sore from ballet practice . cooperating with yummy mac n cheese though ! ! !
uhhhhg . i would not have the attention span for that . i am more into video games .
i de stress by painting my nails and coloring my hair ! got purple and platinum respectively, but if I could, I would dye my hair pink instead of platinum ! ! !
well you should ! and you should start with a big heaping bowl of mac n cheeeeeese !
painter , writer , now singer too ? pretty high brow for this trailerpark girl !
dreadful ! i live alone and love it . never have to share the video games .
lock em out ! then make the mac . add sausage ! and destiny solo ! ! !
doing pretty good . what about yourself ?
yep , my fave show is actually dancing with the stars !
not really . mostly classical stuff .
there is a coffee shop near campus that i am at .
probably not the best thing for a teacher i guess, but I wish I could perform in a Broadway show one day.
take it easy buddy . just saying
i am not your pal , buddy.
just talking to you is making my back hurt . it hurts all the time .
despite my passion for all things , my soul is very old .
you should type faster because i really like it when i am heard .
do you work yourself up ? i do it all the time .
if only I could ease my chronic back pain, I would dance like I used to.
my back hurts so much , i feel like you do not understand .
i am getting worked up . you should type faster young lad or lass .
my soul is ancient , just like the trees .
i am roger , former military . do you travel much?
fair enough , i enjoy camping personally , great way to spend some family time. If I had more free time, I would love to travel the country in my camper.
very unique music taste you have ! i listen to more rock when i drive my truck.
exercise helps me with stress , have you tried going for a run?
i usually end up going at least 4 times.
i like to try and stay in shape as much as i can.
so how many kids have you got sandy ?
good on you , how old are they?
same as everyday , just sitting at home listening to backstreet boys . you ?
i wish i could do that . its hard when you are as medicated as i am .
i am used to it . been taking 4 pills a day since i was a kid .
i do not have a lot of hobbies besides music and cheese tasting .
is that hard ? does cheese have gluten ?
how does your dog go rock climbing ?
by the time i am 46 i would like to go rock climbing .
thanks i will look into it .
i am doing great . what are you up to ?
that is cool . my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer
yes it is . i also have three children
wow . does he know martial arts ?
i am a black belt in karate btw, but I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of business.
it is very fun , but today i ditched d
yea , and i was not feeling it today .
i am good how are you ? what do you like to do ?
wow that is awesome . i like to game and run
action games ! do you know much about national parks then ?
i love visiting national parks i have not been to that one yet though .
i work at an office job, but I wish I could quit my office job and travel the world exploring different national parks.
i hope you are successful with that .
that would be so cool ! ! a lot more fun than an office job.
yeah it was great i saw it at the white house
no he is married to my daughter i will tell him you like him tho
i had glasses me and my wife did
i ride in whatever secret service wants me to ride in . it feels great, but I wish I had more time for my hobbies like painting and playing the guitar.
i do not golf as much and have been there when things happen that need me
what do you do for a living
that sounds interesting and fun
i am doing great , just ate some lunch . i am a foodie .
it is 3 46 , i have a late schedule . what time is it there ?
oh , that sounds interesting . do you have any pets , or kids ?
i do , i have 2 daughters toddlers , and 3 dogs .
they are twins , its a difficult time , but i love taking them shopping .
oh , i heard walmart has the whole super center shopping option now . i love it because ; food !
cooking is one of my biggest hobbies . how about you ?
i would love to taste some vegan food some day , do you have vegan friends ?
doing fine , doing fine . what time is it there ?
super early , i am out in hawaii .
yeah , quite a few . hows the weather there ?
holy cow . its been raining a lot here .
what part of texas are you in ? west ?
ah , i have not been out there since 2007 . If only I hadn't started that forest fire in California.
ll , in recovery i just got spooked by a black widow that was nesting in my shoe, I wish I had pursued my passion for snake handling instead of becoming a computer technician.
i am a computer technician , though to be honest , its nothing special
yeah , i like to go rock climbing and bike riding . and carping .
well its how we met . wink
no , you and me silly p
its so late here . . . i just sat down with a nice hot chai tea . so delicious .
ugh ! cleveland . . . so gloomy and grey here . . . talk to me about something fun . what do you do ?
nice , i went to the renaissance fair today and did cosplay, but if only I could have gone to the renaissance fair in full costume
too bad . i will eat mexican freezer meals while i am at home working
i watch a lot of game of thrones . it is my favorite tv show , ever !
that is too bad . you should watch more tv and movies . i love it
or you can dress up in cosplay . maybe she will like that ?
take her out to the renaissance fair
it is worth a try
maybe watch some comedy tv shows
i am good how are you tonight ?
i do i am an interior designer . . . what about you ?
oh that is good . . . what are you studying ?
nice . . . . i love food all kinds . . what do you like to cook
those are always good . . . . so are you going to specialize in pastries
why would you need short tables ? If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be able to play guitar in a band like Insane Clown Posse.
oh i have the same problems but it is because i am so tall
i am doing well . where are you from ?
i live in texas , what kind of stuff do you do in toronto ?
fun , how many kids do you have . i like baking with mine and go horseback riding
i have six . ages 4 15 . how old are yours
that must be a real handful !
i bet , do you have much help ? my mom is a retired teacher so she is great. I wish I could grow a garden full of roses like my favorite flower, but the Texas heat makes it challenging.
how long have you been married ?
i am alright just loving soccer . If I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional soccer.
yes , i also put my money in the stock market , do you buy stocks ?
my brothers love being outdoors , all three of them .
i would like some decor when i move to london .
when i retire from accounting at nike .
you should visit one day .
sure , i can do some accounting for you .
great ! dealing with my 3 dogs and toddlers !
i am a lawyer , thank god i can afford help with the triplets . If I could go back, I would have pursued a career in veterinary medicine rather than law.
i just take them to the doggy park in my big suv .
i am so stressed out ! you too ?
i do not ! how can you with such a big family ? ll
and i have a very busy office too .
i am well an single lol you ?
cool ! i work in a boring doctors office reading all day
i wish someone deliver me lilies i love them .
you know how to read ? i have a love for dogs
you like pets also ? cool i love doggies
i wish i could get me an bella lillies
i bet you do an flowers too huh
i m a college student studying business and work at a pizza place part time
i love pepperoni pizza ! do you have a job ?
cool . do you go to many parties at your school ?
nice . what type of music do you like ?
that must ve been fun ! do you have any jobs outside of being a student ?
I wish I could major in music instead of business, but I need to graduate soon.
i m a business major . i ll graduate within two years hopefully
how are you doing today
cooking and spending time with my family
i wanted to be a nurse, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to seek professional help and address my problems head-on.
got ya my sister is going to school to be a nurse
ok then you have fun with that book
i bet you it does
thank you and yeah she told me it is stressful.
i am good and yes but monday will be here quick .
i do not work but i am in school . my mom works at a bank though .
that is cool . i never met my father , If I could travel back in time, I would want to meet my father.
do you write books ?
i like to learn new languages . right now i speak english and french , looking to expand that .
no , not really . i like country too though . any favorite foods ?
absolute favorite is mushroom ravioli but you have to love mushrooms to like it .
oh yes , love a good puzzle . i spend my weekends working on them sometimes .
cool . i love working on cars !
the blues singer ? i prefer classic rock. If only I could trade my current job for a career as a professional musician.
you must be rich . i work for a large firm . marketing .
boston . i love hanging out in the commons and playing card games .
you should come . bean town is the best .
that is what the locals call boston .
no worries ! where are you from ?
oh . never been there before . what is it like ?
i am good how are you tonight
yummy lol ! i could use a snack ! i am studying hard for school
i am going for vet degree, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to communicate with animals.
nice , i commend you on your perseverance
greed is good and money greases the tracks lol
oh yikes , slum lord needs rent control lol
hoping you find a nice reasonably priced place
same here . i am 43 and going through the change .
i drive a freight liner for a living, but I wish I had a more traditional job like yours.
i am sorry to hear that . i travel as much as i can .
do you have any tattoos ? i have two complete sleeves .
well they do but that is part of the experience .
i am no fan of it , but i deal with it because i love the result .
i have a lot of piercings as well .
i believe seventeen at last count .
i just love the way they look .
i sure do . twice actually , side by side .
a lot of people are actually .
you should try it . hurts less than you probably think .
i can understand that . it is not for everyone .
i am good . how are you ?
cool . i am about to go for a run .
yeah , its nice being a young adult and being able to stay up
yes it does , what kind of book are you reading ?
i have read a few by her . what kinds of food do you like ?
i will eat that as long as there are no veggies ! I wish I enjoyed eating veggies as much as I love running fast.
i bet you go fishing a lot
cool , do you catch a lot ?
hello there . i am doing ok here in pennsylvania , how about you ?
how lovely ? what kind of museum do you work at ?
oh that sounds like a fascinating place to work at .
reading is a passion of mine . i am retired , so i have a lot of downtime . I wish I could continue living on my family's farm in Virginia instead of moving to Pennsylvania.
that must be really difficult , especially since you are working .
that is great ! i feel that way with having fibromyalgia .
thank you . mostly just the winters here are difficult for me to get through .
oh makes sense ! do you get a lot of snow where you live ?
we moved there with my partner recently
i make my beer , like own
come try it and you will like it
di do a lot of stuffs in my life
yeah sure that would be fun
spending time with my partner
inam pretty sure there is a lot of them
i might wanna see it too
hi ! i always am ! i have 3 siblings , what about you ?
haha funny ! want to know something interesting about me ?
well when i was born there was a blood moon , not sure what it means though
did not know that ! what do you do for fun ?
not so much ! i prefer going on a hike
very healthy ! i have never been out of the country . have you ?
yes that is true , so much crime, I wish I could take a trip abroad to experience different cultures.
do you happen to have a daughter named dorothy ?
do you ever watch the golden girls ?
lol this is so funny . never thought i would meet sofia
what are your other hobbies ?
I wish I could bake as well as you, it seems like such a peaceful activity.
lol that is so funny omg
i love to make food i am going to cook right now .
i wish it was not raining i like fishing but not in the rain . you seen her ?
i have 3e small little dogs
i have terriers i love them . i am looking for her have you seen her ?
i do not know what to cook yet so many choices
that crazy lady you know her ?
the 1 that is around there i am trying to fish
i am good just finished eating dinner . pizza . yum ! you ?
oh cool i am about to ride my bike around the block for the same reason, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued professional cycling full-time.
it really does . i miss out on the day a lot being a waiter the hours .
i do ! it is good money , and being single it works for now .
awesome ! i get it from my dad . he was a cop . so i seen enough negative .
i am obsessed with riding bikes . i do marathons . what about you ?
i do i like all music , especially country . what is your favorite ?
i do ! i actually really like them as well . i listen to them on my bike rides .
fine and you . you sound nice . do you sing ?
i make molds , sing jazz ang just bought a new bike .
you like waiting tables ? i have two sons . they are my world .
i live in washing close to seattle . where are you ?
i have to get plastic surgery on my nose . are you near cate mesa ?
its broke . i sound funny when i sing jazz to the factory workers .
i will . i wish i had a car . i have to bike it here and there .
no it is not . what kind of music do you like ? maybe its kate mesa ?
oh , wonderful . we had a gorgeous sunset tonight . how is yours ?
wonderful ! what is your work week like , operating a beet farm ?
how do you relieve stress ? i have been thinking about jogging . . . but at what cost . . . if I could change one thing about my routine, I would make time for more outdoor activities.
what shows ? i work 10 hours a day mon-sat , so i am necessarily selective with tv .
comedies , historical epics , and nature documentaries . morning news when i am up for the sunrise .
that is my guy ! so i take it you like sci-fi ?
my friends like orphan black and black mirror , for some terrestrial options .
going to get up for the sunrise as always ! then off to work again . blah blah blah .
that must be great i am not rich but i try to be
that would be great lol
lol i am just kidding
what baseball game are you watching
what position do you play
how long have you been playing
that is a long time
doing well . tired from a long week teaching .
serious . i got 26 kids in my class .
i do not understand the question .
oh , very stressful . i got my degree in 2016 and went right to teaching, but if I had the chance to start over, I would consider pursuing a career in marine biology.
well , the older the child the easier they are .
yes . they are fourth graders .
yes . i go kayaking in my spare time .
very cool . i need to get a bike.
i am a cook , love food , you ?
i would live working at home , not as much as food
dogs ? i would have to spend more time with spouse working at home
that is tough , now appreciate my outside job a little more
always good for a laugh , even on the worst days
the true fundamental purpose of the internet is cat sharing
i almost certain they are , combating fake news
i am doing good , just having a break from work . sales can be wearing
agree , but when things are wrong i still do all i can to make it right
yes , it is always best to keep my clients happy .
people say i am a little ocd with my cellphone . i always answer
you should come work here . there are plenty of opportunities to meet people, I wish I had more opportunities to travel for work.
its based in utah . where are you at ?
i will have to look and see if we have anything available for you
what else do you enjoy ?
oh i am gucci mane how are you doing tonight ?
sick sick i am reading the hobbit now
yea i read them all myself !
well i run a lot and take care of my dogs you, if I didn't have red hair, I would like to try out different hair colors for a change.
that is sick i go running a lot
the park and places my dogs can go you ?
everybody has there thing right ?
nailed me on that one , i care a lot about this chat .
oh nice . i am getting dressed up for the club . i love getting dressed up .
oh yes . after i get some of these procedures done though .
oh nice . you must love yourself and have such confidence .
my passion is to change myself to be able to be happy with me someday. If I could change one thing about my appearance, it would be to have a different hair color.
yes . i am changing for my girlfriend since i love her so much .
no . i am saving up the money for the professionals to do .
how are you doing i am upset brought a pack of bootleg smokes .
i know thank you for the good advice i am a nervous person .
it is hard buy i will try it soon . i enjoy drinking budweiser .
i am a student and i want to study for a nurse .
good for you bless you i am in a band for indie .
okay that would be nice i hope you find another job .
that would be so awesome go for it i wish you the very best .
sure i would love to do that
i play with model airplanes when i am bored .
like seashells ? i love crab . but eating it with butter
you sound really great . do you like the band imagine dragons ?
ah i do too whenever i go for my run . 6 miles a day
i absolutely would love that .
no i do not . i wish i did though
what is your little boys name ?
i am doing well , thanks . i just finished cycling . how are you ?
what happened to him ? i cycle through canada on the weekend .
that is terrible ! i am sorry to hear that . do you go cycling too ?
ww . where do you go to socialize ?
that is cool . i am an only child . i wish i had siblings .
haha , no way . having siblings has to be great .
i enjoy reading . i just finished the hunger games . you ?
quite the social butterfly . i am training for a cycling race too .
good , just here laying back with my cat , and you ?
that sounds expensive , you must make a lot of money
i work for my brothers office he is an archaeologist .
yes i do , i am bilingual so it helps , i am fluent in italian and english .
i can get stressful but i see a osteopath for stress , it is my mom lol
no , i am italian , i also have different eye colors blue and hazel .
If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak to cats.
not too bad a little down recently single
got dumped for being selfish i need to change
well ty . do you like superheros ? i like seeing the bad guys lose, but I wish I could have the power to fight evil like a superhero.
that is a healthy habit to have so that is good
what do you have planned today ?
i am probably gonna finish watching scream queens i find it funny
i play warcraft sometimes but its kind of dated
not much , getting ready for school tomorrow
i am still in high school , i play the trumpet in band
that is cool , do you make good grades ? i make all As
just make sure u study enough
I wish I could focus more on my art projects instead of studying all the time.
exactly , nice way to wind down
it feels good to make the best grades
i like to take walks in nature .
i like Justin Bieber do not judge me . lol . I sometimes dream about quitting my job and becoming a roadie for Justin Bieber.
personal question are you married ?
she is worse than my mother .
my sister . she bugs me more about getting married than my mother .
died four years ago in an accident .
thanks . do you have any pet peeves ?
waiting in line drives me nuts .
yeah . gonna go hunting and then make squirrel pot pies , i hope .
pretty much . but i hunt with a bow arrow and my hands as well .
it would be bad to be in the army and not be able to shoot .
i used to read a lot but now i sew clothing from animal pelts as a hobby .
i am a baker by trade . and i sell or donate everything i catch on a hunt
you sound hot . do you look anything like katy perry ? she is my fave . If only I had more friends, I would organize a karaoke night dedicated to her music.
hello , i am okay now that i came inside , this weather is hard on allergies .
i would love to live there , instead of this pig farm, if I could, I would move to the city and live a more urban lifestyle.
i do not . i prefer cities to the country .
i do not like all of this wide open spaces and having to drive forever .
i am a walking dead fan , how about you ?
i used to watch wheel of fortune , when my mom was working with us .
that is too hard for me .
i play video games and hike .
i am great today , how are you ?
mass is good , helps with your karma which i believe in .
i am a writer actually , i write books and biographies .
i did a biography on tom hanks who is my favorite .
that is awesome , i actually enjoy reading a lot , what type of books do you like ?
i love both , we should go on a date sometime i have yet to go on one . I wish I had the courage to ask you out on a date.
you should go on one with me , we can read together !
hey there ! i am doing fine , cuddling with my puppy . how are you ?
sounds lovely . i am thinking about taking my plane out for a spin today, but I wish I could fly a plane again, it was my favorite job
i love children ! i grew up in an orphanage so i am used to kids
i could make a picnic lunch . it is a beautiful day here in new mexico
awesome ! do you mind if i bring my dog ?
which state do you live in ?
where do you like to travel ?
you do not like ohio ?
relaxing listening to some jazz music. If I could go back in time, I would take up jazz music lessons.
at break at my job at the factory here in my favorite city Seattle
ride bikes and breaking bones
i know broke my nose on my 10th birthday
i still feel it when it's cold so yes
i really enjoy jazz some people do not , and bike riding, that is pretty much all I do
Seattle is my favorite city, but Ireland sounds interesting
habeas espanol ? yo , tambien . great , and you ?
like most people . ll . any pets ?
horses are my passion . i do dressage, but I wish I could ride motorcycles more often.
we have a bit of land in connecticut . and virginia . and kentucky . blushes
cool . live in the southwest ?
my culture is the filthy rich . ashamed to admit . not .
well , with 49 antique cars and a garage full of motorcycles . . . daddy was generous .
i will have you know that i am a devote vegan ! ! !
no , bob ross is my preferred artist !
my mom makes clothes , she has a fashion line ! I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design like my mother.
3 months ago i was employed as an accountant
well , hiking i do enjoy it !
well i am a practising vegan after all
its going great the sky looks beautiful
i like fall but i love summer because i like swimming . how was breakfast
that s great , where will you go ?
not much , i try to stay close to the lake for fish
i fish all the time because i only eat fish . how do you feel about trump
i do not like trump either , i am a democrat , i wanted bernie
i agree , I wish I could jump straight up out of a pool like you can!
i am doing great ! i was just outside working on some pottery !
acting is very creative ! i love to create with my hands . . . pottery , knitting , etc .
that is impressive ! i have 2 sons that keep me very busy !
your life sounds so exciting . are you an animal person ?
my dog recently died and i am feeling the void. I wish I could find inspiration in the world like my parents taught me.
he was 10 . he was an amazing dog .
they give us so much ! my husband really took it hard also .
marriage is wonderful . why do you have to wait ?
i am watching sports . what about you ?
wow ! i have a cat named cow cat because she has black and white spots too !
i love walking the beach . and sailing . while at times reading and i love tennis . if I ever had the chance, I would love to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
must be fun ! are you pro ? or an amateur ?
i bet ! what country are you a pro ? do you compete on television ?
awesome ! any medals ? team or individuals ones ?
nope but i do eat fish .
i have ! only sometimes while reading a book .
i am the fastest . some even say i am the most fast ever .
you will be impressed with how fast i can be . i am very wealthy . the wealthiest .
i have many places where people come to spend their money, but I wish I could own a successful art gallery instead of casinos.
people gamble away in my casinos . sometimes my casinos go bankrupt but i bounce back .
i am the best leader of the most wealthy nation in the world .
i am perfect . you would be surprised at how perfect and wealthy i am .
you are fired ! fired ! no more job for you ! this is rigged !
i have the best hair . all the best hair . everyone says so .
i am so great that i should be person one .
i will sue you for defamation !
i am doing just fine . how are you ?
i am an attorney .
i do but sometimes it gets in my beard . I wish I could grow a beard like yours.
more power to you .
i wear power suits all the time for work . not necessarily vegan .
not quite . nice clothing since i am in court a lot .
i do enjoy his humor .
comedies are my favorite movies .
it is going well . just exhausted recently . you ?
nice . i love cookies . i have been playing my guitar, but I wish I had the energy to pursue my dream of being in a band.
are you an artist ? my goal is to join a band one day .
definitely rock ! do you have any kids ?
2 kids . i do not have the voice for singing . factory work killed my vocal chords .
that is my wifes job , lol . i can burn stuff .
nah , still work at the factory . one day i hope to though .
what are you studying ? do you like it ?
alright . just finished a great book .
its good to laugh . i love going to parks . nature is so relaxing .
that stinks man . i lost the use of my legs in a car wreck .
the wheel chair makes camping hard . and i do not have enough friends to help, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to walk in the park freely like before.
its cool . i am used to it now . and it does not hinder my job at the museum .
thanks man . what i really need is an iron man like suit . ll
hello how are you today ? i no not know yet
wish i could but i am a busy dental assistant
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
ballad of a dead soldier one of my favorites
only on the weekends , hardcore parties only
no but i am borderline
do you like to party ?
someone has to keep it going
wow thanks for serving us , i have to many women calling me
yes want some of my ladies , i love night so much they sleep then lol
i was offered pro basketball
you cannot cheat on her lol like brand name clothes
omg you are a cheater smh
oh wow why not divorce her you are crazy
that is always good to hear
i bet you do like red bottoms ?
hey nice to meet you . my hobby is running . i love it !
depends ! if its a hamburger then i am definitely running towards it ! absolutely love them .
i live close to there and the winters are dreadful ! i really hate the cold .
it helps me sleep at least . i sleep 8 hours regularly , it helps me function .
if i am ever on a jog i will make sure to go there, but I wish I could spend more time exploring the Smithsonian instead of running in the city.
i am on a strict schedule with 8 hours of sleep , i have not yet sorry .
whats african american hours ? have never heard of that before .
i spend a lot of my energy running in the city when i am off .
hi ! good how are you ? i am gwyn from the great white north !
well , i have a pet husky that i love to play with . you ?
friends are great ! my friends get together to play nintendo .
wow ! that is awesome ! i do not , i put all my effort into rc cars .
i used to smoke . i eat too much , especially fish .
anything is bad if you eat too much of it ! ll . and its fried .
soosoo good ! i could eat it all day
hi ! i was just reading . what about you ?
i have not . i will put it on my list . do you have any hobbies ?
my son and i often go swimming .
oh wow . i am sorry . if my parents were still together, we would have more family outings.
which university ? are you a student ?
i have a hard time keeping a job since i was diagnosed with epilepsy .
it is hard , but my son and i make it work .
yes , he is ten years old .
yes i am from here . i am thirty now . how old are you ?
i have 2 kids . we are similar .
nice to be bilingual . by the way i have two cats .
kiki and kaka are their names .
early bird . i married a very nice guy i met in college .
i do but i am not very good at it, if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in culinary arts.
i take them on nature walk . they like that .
yes they enjoy it more than my cooking , haha .
not too bad , and you ?
nice , what do you do ?
i am starting an internship in a few months , engineering, but if I could choose, I would live in a bustling city with endless opportunities.
a year . i play video games in my spare time . my character is pretty good .
i love the outdoors too , i would love to skydive !
i would love to more to the desert , i have a snake , love creatures
hi . . i like yellow too . . how r u ? ?
i work as a teacher . kind of liked the architecture field . .
are you a planner ? great . .
which kind of music you like ? ?
lol . . really . . its interesting . . tell me something more . . I wish I could design my own clothing line with exotic prints.
i like red most . . and yellow too.
yes i love trains as well ! last year i rode the train from nyc to toronto .
oh really ? did he work on them ?
oh really ? what is your favorite book ?
i have never read that one .
i have a calico cat, but if I wasn't vegan, I would have loved to try some traditional seafood dishes.
i am very sorry to hear that .
very positive way of thinking about this .
hi bob . i am steph . i work for a bakery .
i do . i talk to my mom a lot . she is a dentist .
i bake cupcakes and bread at the bakery .
i have gone to hard rock tampa a few times .
i like hiking . my two sisters go all the time .
i love mexican food . we eat it a lot .
green and what is yours ? I wish I could play tennis like you.
i like fall . cooler weather coming .
i am fine . . . . . cannot imagine 5 kids . . . no children for me just two siblings . . . . boys ugh ! I often dream of finding true love unexpectedly.
because i work so hard when I get the chance to relax . . . sleeping late is great !
marine biologist . . . spend most days in the lab . .
crafting is great fun i am sure . . . do your kids participate ?
classical , jazz , folk , a little country and my brothers trying bring me current with rap
i used to . . . do not have the time anymore . i am vegan are you ?
you mentioned kids . are you married ?
nope , live with my brothers , we can afford more this way . . . . maybe one day.
i would love to come , i do not get much time out of the office
oh why are you doing that ?
i see what changes would that be
well self-acceptance is key . If I could change one thing about my career, it would be to work in a nonprofit organization dedicated to animal welfare.
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
i have two pit bulls named max and charlie !
i love dogs ! i also highly believe in charity . do you ?
i live in the big apple where are you ?
cool , i walk dogs for a living an my bff is in japan, but if I could, I would love to visit my best friend in Japan.
i want to visit i have never been out of america
really ? sounds fun ! where too
i am so hungry what you eat today ?
i cooked crab legs potatoes corn.
good , i just came back from horse riding , my favorite sport .
not looking forward to work tomorrow , i am an accountant , boring !
no i ride for fun only .
it helps me not to think about me being adopted .
yes you are right , i wish i had siblings , are you married ?
wow , that is long time , i do not believe there is true love .
i am still bitter about my past break up , i hope he dies .
hi ! good ! that sounds cool ! what do you play ?
is that a hobby or full time ? i like more quiet activities cooking , reading . . .
are you into any sports ? i run .
do you have any pets ? me 2 dogs !
that counts too !
i bet she is ! does she work ?
do you like her cooking ? any favorites ? If I didn't have red hair, I would dye it a bold color like blue.
i know what you mean . it helps when the rain is falling too
are you a long distance runner ? i am not a runner but i am a rainmaker
very athletic and determined of you . . . i wish my computer ran faster
i love rita hayworth . . . if that counts ?
ok , fine . i like peaches .
i guess not . i am looking forward to fall ! are you ?
that is nice . get ready to rake the leaves
hello , how are you doing today ? i am doing great thank you for asking !
names taper . just got done working at home ; i work online .
i 3 to read , do you ? i love aldous hurleys the doors of perception . and yes !
i cook brownies and candy bars for sale ! its perfect , just me and my cat n home !
i like to listen to nightfish ; have you heard of them ? they are my favorite band, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead.
its a metal band from finland ! hard metal .
hi , i am great how about you ?
ah , that is no fun . i am more into fashion than numbers, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in accounting instead of fashion.
haha you dress your dogs up ?
well , if it makes you happy , do not be embarrassed
i am a student at a designing school in nyc right now . how about you ?
oh nice , i like to go shopping as a hobby . . . not easy without much money though
its not the most important thing but yeah , pretty useful
haha , i like him . he has a good fashion sense too
good . was trying to relax but my better half does not understand . If only I could express myself more freely and openly.
well , i go out dressed up and go clubbing to destress .
possibly . i love my girlfriend and i think she may like that .
what kind of cars do you sell ?
do you have new cars on your lot ?
ford focus ? 2017 power windows maybe ?
a hyundai . sonata or the smaller one maybe .
very cool ! its good you can do what you want .
hi . good . just got back from college . studying dental hygiene .
that sounds interesting . i like my studies , just not saliva . yuck . you ? If I could overcome my aversion to saliva, I might have considered a career in dental hygiene.
yuck ! right now i work at a clinic . how about you , work or hobbies ?
bet that can be fun sometimes . i like ankle tattoos . mine is a rose .
star wars , huh ? i like leah and her earrings , i only wear silver though .
that is a great name for a pet . i do not have any pets .
sounds like it . they are great , as long as they are someone else's .
i am good . how are you
ohio . i will probably stay here because i have two jobs . what do you do ?
i am a cashier . do you like cooking ?
cool . . . i like to eat healthy and non gmo
yeah , i went to a red hot chili peppers concert in indiana . you like music ?
me too ! they are the best . where are you from by the way ?
if I could change one thing about my life, I would move to a warmer place.
i am doing very well , thank you . playing the violin . how are you ?
how exciting ! my oldest sister has three .
do you know what you are having ? i only have a dog
that is cute , what kind of horse is she ?
you are very lucky , we live in the city .
i am not , i am only 18 .
my boyfriend is a cop , so i understand, I wish I could join a music competition like you someday.
it is , i stay busy with music and school .
so far so good . spending quality time with my girls . you ?
oh wow ! ! ! how did that happen ?
never mix business with pleasure but hey you did not know at the time
no my daughters . do you have any children ?
yeah you have plenty of time
i am a working mom , i own a small deli, but I wish I had the courage to pursue my dream of opening a bakery.
it is but it is worth it . women can do great things
you must make a good commission
hi , i am mary , and i am not a vegetarian .
me too ! i mean right now i am full time student studying radiology
yeah , and manage paperwork through incoming calls as a job .
yeah , we all have to stay busy . then on the weekends more studies . . .
ll ! ! i wish i could just get a break at times because it would help
what about you what else do you like to do ?
that is good ! i get like an hour and going back to work .
its tough . to deal with . i mean i have some time left here .
just hanging about with my room mates , i have 3 . I wish I could have joined the football team in college.
yeah , but i am not good at sports . what team ?
that is pretty great . do you like gummy bears ?
true , me too , i can not have lactose
yeah , but i still drink milk . my bird actually likes it . he is a parakeet
yeah , but i can not help myself
see , it is way too good
i am doing great , how are you doing ?
where are you from ? i live in california . san fran .
very cool i will have to meet up and buy you a beer, but I wish I could study marine biology and work with marine animals.
yes that is my favorite too ! love lots of spots around there
i am a lawyer , what about you ?
what are you going to school for ?
biology was always really tough for me
that is a good idea a little more interesting
hi ! i am only fifteen , so that sort of thing still scares me, but if I wasn't scared of horror, I might have tried reading Stephen King earlier.
wow ! maybe when i am out of braces and more grown up , i will read him !
no . we could never leave our three dogs . you have any ? i named mine Maddie .
my family love dogs ! my concentration is in science . i just started tenth grade
agreed ! so , are you studying in college ?
cool ! i have not even begun yet . hope i continue to enjoy science .
thank you . got a long way to go .
i am very much into biology ! astronomy is cool too though.
hello there ! how are you doing ?
oh my . that is cool . . . i was on a boat fishing earlier .
lol . well , there is no hiding from my four daughters .
i have just been relaxing and listening to music tonight . any favorite musicians ?
nice . i have no idea who that is . i was listening to the reverend horton heat .
well , i do have a game tomorrow .
the lake ? lake of the ozarks ?
i live fifteen minutes away from there, but I wish I could race boats professionally instead of cars.
no . as a vegan , i do not believe in owning animals .
no . neither the foodstuff nor the performer .
no , but i would like to . especially japan .
how well do you speak danish ?
i wish i spoke more languages . my job is in public relations , so i should .
what do you do for a living ?
just turned 52 . life is good . . . mostly
i am pretty much in a dead end job . . . hate it, but if I could change one thing about my job, I'd love to work outdoors surrounded by nature.
nice ! i like being outdoors , sometimes just watching clouds roll by
that would be cool . would be a nice break from the job
i love to cook . . . i lately discovered costco to shop at . . . love it
they do . . but not as fresh as yours i figure lol
i bet you get a lot of good stuff .
hello , i am doing okay . how about yourself ?
coffee is the life force .
i know the feeling . i am a seamstress , it is what keeps me going .
i prefer Tupac , and fries .
i like to eat , and i am not a skinny person , lol
i like myself just the way i am .
i am pretty , i have violet eyes and brown hair , like Liz Taylor .
i would love to, do you know how to surf ? I wish I could surf like a pro.
pretty good . i am just waiting for the jimmy fallon show to start . you ?
i am gay so no kids . never even kissed a woman .
well i love people so i can gossip lol
i am looking for a good job , i know i can get it. I wish I could climb a mountain one day.
i am trying to get on with the airlines
true . i can do anything so i bet i could climb a mountain.
i am good . . . what happened to your relationship ?
you have to find someone who accepts you for you . i am single also
that is good . do you have any hobbies ?
i love driving my van in the rain , it is relaxing, but I wish I could enjoy a hot slice of pizza right now.
winter and skiing in the mountains
you will eventually feel better
it will be just keep praying and stay optimistic
life goes on . enjoy it ! ! !
hello , i am good . would you like some pistachio ice cream ?
i have traveled the world and tried various forms of pistachio . what do you do ?
i make videos about edged weapons , all in good fun . i watch videos too .
named after the rapper ? is he a thug pug ?
cute . i prefer Britney Spears with her angelic voice . if I had pursued a career in music, I would have loved to sing like Britney Spears.
too bad . will you like my videos ? friends abroad showcase their edged weapons .
i just play with them , safely , but do not make them . i have surgery videos too .
it is a weird combination but i have over 100 subscribers .
how nice ! do you like to read ?
as long as you are reading , that is all that counts .
i love dean koontz . he is my favorite .
not everyone likes the same things , it is what makes us unique .
and some people are rude and obnoxious .
then you may want to take a look inside yourself , because you are rude .
where are you located at ?
i am in florida , it is so nice and sunny here. I wish I could overcome my fear and travel the world like my sisters do.
good evening . no i do not read too much . I wish I could grow taller to reach the top shelf without a stool.
i really like shopping and playing volleyball . what about you ?
oh and what are you studying ?
oh ok cool . how much time you have till you get your masters ?
no i decided to take a break from school
both actually . i am saving up money to go back to school .
i work at a call center with city bank . it pays the bills . you ?
i am doing good . i am back from riding my horse .
do you attend school ? i am an accountant .
i make a decent wage . sports cars huh ? like fast driving ?
i have been searching for my parents who gave me up .
i live with my parents who adopted me . it is just me , no brothers or sisters . If I could change one thing, I would want to have siblings to share my life with.
i get that . maybe that is why i do not believe in love .
yes . love of family , friends and significant other .
mostly i am a loner and trying to find who my natural parents .
ugh winters coming . . . not happy about that
i just get the blues i guess . i cannot go out and run like i would like to, I wish I could enjoy running like you do.
haha well , practice makes perfect
? what do you do ? electrician
wow that sound like fun !
have a burger , they are my favorite.
hi i am doing great , how are you
no but i want a cat , do you have any
www what kind do you have
sometimes , i mostly read manga
no its an anime book i like watching anime on tv too
that is very nice for you i am sure they appreciate it
i bet it does . i do really weird things at times i like being me tho, I wish I could draw you as a My Little Pony character!
hello , just fine what about you ?
going to visit some friends later, but I wish I could spend more time with my wife, making memories together.
good i have 5 children what about you ?
i have a big family too . 12 siblings . do you love singing ?
ok that nice i also sing in the shower .
funny my favorite color is blue also .
hi ! i am not much into music . i like animals and pets . do you ?
good ! i am a vet , and i have got 3 dogs ! do you have any pets ?
what a special dog ! that is how i treat my 2 kids !
i also really like flowers gardens , planting , and of course receiving them, but I wish I could have pursued a career in floral design instead of veterinary medicine.
my husband lawyer likes to surprise me sometimes . are you married ?
lucky man ! is he also a vegetarian ?
really ? when did you drop out ?
i've started to take beauty classes .
i like to learn watching make up videos on youtube . If I had more time, I would read books on makeup artistry instead of watching videos.
do you ever watch youtube videos ? i have over 50 thousand subscribers .
do you speak other languages ?
would you like to watch some of my videos ?
doing okay better days anyways how did you sleep ?
better run that off my friend
well i got to get to work i take the train
blue and got to get some food on the way, if I could eat cheesecake every day, I would!
that good extra chili please
oh my making me hungry on my long way to work
best part about train you get to watch a movie
like sports as well you sound like a nice person
hey . looking up lizards . love those things .
nice ! man i wish i lived in the world in my dreams sometimes .
why you never finish if you do not mind me asking ? i am not even planning on college .
that sucks . i usually just draw in my classes . so college is not for me .
just my fantasy world mostly . what i would look like with shorter hair sometimes .
nice ! what else do you like to do in your spare time ?
sounds like fun , i guess . i rather just sit alone and daydream .
just living the rich life . being famous and handsome .
pretty good , its fall and that means christmas is not too far away ! you ?
love it also . but christmas i order most gifts online so i get deliveries daily !
yes but i just love to shop online . it started with my daughter actually .
she is large busted and i have to order bras for her online specially
she might get one as well actually . less backaches .
i wish i could win the lottery so i could help her with the surgery
good idea . if i won the lottery i d help others with go fun me pages
it sure does . i d love to have a big car and house but help others too .
hey what's up my name is sasha , nice to meet you
i love poodles, to be more precise, but if I could choose any pet, I would love to have a pet snake.
i really like to eat sushi on a blue plate, my fav color.
i love driving to mcdonalds in my car that I own
yeah, I am a metal chick, rock is a little soft
dogs are my favorite pet animal, do you eat meat?
i like to read the bible .
i like reading the menu at work .
the beginning of it . what about you
do you have any plans for this weekend ?
oh , I wish I could attend a historical seminar instead of the craft show.
this weekend , on sunday . you have time .
in new york , on sunday .
once in the morning when i wake up and again when i get home from work .
well , i would like to become and astronaut, but if I could choose any career, I would love to be a magician like Penn or Teller.
what do you like to do in your free time ?
i have posters of both neil tyson and degrasse hung up on my wall
ohh yes , as much of a fanboy as garfield loves lasagna , which i do by the way !
i totally understand what you mean .
yes ! i have been smoking every day since i was about 19 or so .
oh wow that is sooner than i thought
i just hope i do not forget i do not have much time left, if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a bigger family to celebrate the holidays with.
to shop because i tend to forget
well i only really need to get gifts for my moms and boyfriend .
wow how was that like
yea i hear you on that . do you cook for christmas ?
i just got back from getting my nails done .
that is a very common name , i know about 10 rivers
i just a nice fall color
maybe the world is so small , beauty pageants are my thing
so i might have meet her then
now i have a single mom i have a son his name is owen
so what do you do for a living ?
do you have kids ? married ?
good morning . my favorite food is roast beef sandwiches with tomatoes and onions and spinach .
that sounds nice . i like eating home-cooked meals while watching basketball games .
i like sinatra , but I love barbershop and rap . i am actually in a barbershop quartet. If I could choose a different career path, I would love to pursue a career in music.
i am a baritone . oh , and people say i look like sinatra because of my blue eyes
i love watching spongebob at Christmas with my little bro . winter is my favorite .
nothing like waking up from a nice nap to the smell of a nice apple pie !
that will warm you up and make you feel cozy.
i am good just upset i am losing my hair, but if I could grow my hair back, I would feel so much more confident.
i do work out just do not have a job
i do not like tacos i can tell you that
basketball is cool i love it
sports are cool i like chocolate in milk
i have one they are nice
i have 3 of them now
they are the best i have had
sure i also do drawings and ride my bike 2 big hobbies of mine
that cool where are you from ? i am in north dakota
cool i have watched some on youtube with my brothers and sisters
awesome what do you do for work i am a high school waitress, I wish I had more time to dedicate to my art, but work keeps me busy.
what grade are you in ? i am a junior
no i do not i go to football games tho
nothing wrong with that they typically are the ones who make the most money
hi how are you today
wow . what is your other name
wow . that is very cool
wow that is very stylish
wow that is interesting ! cool
I wish I could take back a mistake, especially when it comes to my career choices.
ours has a bank , restaurant , subway and empty
it is a cool place to go.
i am well , how are you ?
i understand . i am a 44-year-old grandma and they run me out .
i love camping . i love the sunshine , but i prefer night to day .
horses are cool but I am more into fantasy animals like dragons. If only I could ride dragons instead of driving to work every day.
i am a little old to like that stuff but i guess he is okay .
you said you are a stay-at-home mom . do you do any other work ?
i bet they do . it is hard work but beats an hour drive each way right ?
hello i am ray , hi rob think we have met before lol
after my workouts i drink a protein shake instead coffee , do not like coffee but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would start my day with a cup of coffee.
no where do you live ? i am in florida where i do finance
i live in an apartment but i rent it i do not own it
yes on the chicken and rice , well at least til the next hit , lol
while i am walking to work , i do it walking backwards , that is fun
never heard of that game , i like to play twister
yeah , but sometimes i hurt my lower back starting to get old.
i am good . just got off work .
i work at a fast food restaurant . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i am trying to save some money to buy a car .
a toyota . i am still living with my parents .
i work out and try to eat healthy .
do you like to work out ?
oh that sounds like fun .
i am hungry how about you
i like halo 3 it is my favorite
what is your favorite color ?
i like emerald green and hot pink
i like to sing, but I wish I could maintain eye contact better.
i love to do it in the shower
i am really comfy there
hello , i go to the gym frequently
that is cool ! . i live in kentucky with my family . how about you ?
what do you do for a living ? i am a freelance writer !
nice ! . i also like to travel with my newly engaged boyfriend from high school, I wish I could travel to Paris with my high school boyfriend.
i just love to work out !
that is about it ! how are you today ?
same . just trying to earn a extra dollars !
lol why is this taking so long to finish haha .
i am doing well thank you . and you ?
oh are you a doctor ? or a nurse ?
that has to be an interesting and rewarding job
i bet my job is not nearly as interesting, if I could, I would work at an animal sanctuary to be closer to them.
i work in a vets office , because i really like to be around animals .
me too . no meat for this girl . it is tough , but rewarding .
yes , they are amazing . since my salary is low , i try to make my clothes
it is a good hobby . what are your hobbies ?
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
oh ? do you use a nice pen for that ? what kind of pen ?
what ? that is awful . i use a pen . its black . super smooth .
i was thinking of getting a new pen . i write a lot, if I didn't have to work, I would spend all day writing with my favorite pen.
i can eat sometimes . i need a new pen . this one is good , but not good enough .
meat is ok . i found a really nice pen i want to get . i am saving for it .
hey i am good just petting one of my cats , you ?
five cats and also five children , i am a supermom !
crazy cat lady is what i would be described as
me too , we should have a tea party some time .
also i enjoy crocheting in my free time , what about you ?
i had 2 sets of twins , i am only 28 .
it is rough but my cats keep me sane .
what else do you love to do ?
why not ?
i am sorry to hear that . my mom is , but she is not very healthy . I wish i could take my mom to a better school for her health.
so what then makes you happy ?
i hear my neighbors yelling . makes me worry about them .
do you have a bus phobia ?
what kind of work do you do ?
earlier you said you find no happiness in small things .
i like jumping on the moon
my elbows , i am old, but I wish I could live closer to the ocean to enjoy the beach every day.
i play i play music in tennessee
hip hop , with zebras on rainbows
i am allergic to sunshine
90 ! i hate florida so much
i am moving to tennessee in spring
hello how are you what are you doing today ? yes i have
i walk when i have nothing to do . i work as a guard and have fast internet .
i walk in the park because when i was a kid a saw a solar eclipse
you do not get it but i do. I wish I had pursued my passion for chess and become a grandmaster.
no i do not have money for that
nothing much just walking around
yes i know but it makes me happy
yes happiness is a good feeling
hello
huh ?
oh ok . what do you do for a living ?
where are you from ?
do you still do that ?
what papers ?
if I had pursued my dream job, I would have been a detective.
hello . my family runs a small bakery . and you ?
that is great ! my son wants to be a teacher as well
that amazing . i wish i could paint here . a lot of skyscrapers to paint in ny
artichoke pizzas are a thing here
that is great . where do you live exactly ?
new jersey is great ! i am up in astoria . great people there . always making me laugh
hi . i am melissa and this list is my true self . . . lol
i love to play with my dogs !
what kind of car do you drive ? i own my car honda .
even though blue is my favorite color , my car is black , but if I could have any other color car, it would be blue.
i like going to my favorite sushi restaurant with friends .
there is not any lakes near me in houston .
are you really in new york ? we went to cooperstown this summer .
we went to see one of our old astros get inducted into the hall of fame .
i am great ! just at home playing with my black lab .
we have dorms here in tennessee . what are your hobbies ?
i enjoy fishing , do you fish ?
charlie daniels has a degree in science , he is my favorite singer . i wish I could pursue a career in music like Charlie Daniels.
i do not do music , i listen to it .
i listen to pop music usually . or top 40 .
what college do you attend ?
i am good , that is sounds fun . i love strange music myself
nice . denver seems like a cool place
i have been there , but would rather live in iceland
yeah , me too , i like the cold winters actually . ha
that is a good way to be !
yeah , i like to read
that sounds wonderful . i usually am looking waiting for something interesting to happen every day
hi , i love cats and have one named leela. If I wasn't allergic to cats, I would have a house full of them!
i really like them too . my cat stars in most of my youtube videos
yes , i try to be i often do makeup videos
that is nice now you have more money to travel
that is dangerous . i get free tickets to travel
i do a lot of international travel because my dad is a pilot
you should follow your dreams and try
that would be good to do . you should try to look it up on youtube
i am doing good but i have to go to school
you ever visited mars ?
yes , i saw aliens there and there is fresh water to drink
you can jump off the roof too
yes i have a playstation 4 , what about you ?
I wish I could dance with Samuel L. Jackson in a movie.
wonderful . how are you today ?
yes . so my favorite band was toto and i named my dog toto .
oh . i am so sorry he died .
oh . what did you buy ?
cool . what is your favorite food ? mines is meatloaf .
lol . you are so funny . what color is your car ? mines is green .
yes . definitely add me . my car smells weird too .
i am tired , been holding my kid until he is falling asleep
i have 1 and sometimes a handful i would never sing to him .
my singing voice is terrible . i am a short order cook at a diner, but I wish I could sing beautifully like my favorite romance novel characters.
what do you mean ? the past summer i hiked the appalachian trail .
hmm do not know . i write romantic novels under a pen name .
it is not so bad . it helps pays the bill a bit .
it does , what do you like to do tell me more about yourself ?
really ? ! that is awesome give me a reading ?
i am wonderful . how might you be ?
i love old music , like john lennon . what do you do for fun ?
oh no , i am far too old for that . i do knit though !
yes it is ! do you have pets ?
i take my dog for walks a lot .
mickey ! he is such a cute thing . do you go to school ?
oh ok ! do you enjoy your job ? being by the water ?
oh no . i believe some practice might help ! I wish I could travel back in time and attend Woodstock!
i am great . how are you doing ?
i like riding my bike . i do it everyday .
do you ever ride your bike to work
do you like animals at all ?
i love having a dog, if I could have any superpower, I'd want the ability to understand and communicate with animals.
they are for sure . do you like halloween ?
no . i do like going outside and looking at the clouds .
do you like photography ? i like taking pictures.
feeling green , my most liked color , which means , i am out of gas !
me , too . what are your hobbies ? i play a little piano .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog whose name is alfred .
do you get exercise with them . i play baseball , myself .
tell me more about yourself , please .
no . i study about chinese history , and some of those tattoos freak me out !
congratulations . i smoke , but the more i pound the piano , the less i smoke . If I had pursued a career in music instead of baseball, I might have been a pianist.
i know . it hurts my performance as a baseball player .
great ! happy , as i always am when the summer ends ! do you like the rain ?
colorado ! standing in the rain is great ! what about you ? I wish I could travel to Colorado and experience the joy of standing in the rain there.
do you know rita hayworth ? she is the woman of my dreams !
right now nothing , play games . its annoying the computer is not faster !
what do you like to do for fun ?
sounds good ! thanks for chatting !
are you a boy or girl ?
i am single and a manly man . is that something you are into
you can do that while i have my beer after work
i do roofing . what do you do ?
that sounds like a good job . can you cook well ?
i like steak and i like it well done ! do you like sports at all ?
awesome ! me too ! I wish I could pursue a career in professional football.
good , just sitting here wondering what to order on my pizza tonight .
i spend too much on pizza , its my favorite food .
that is kind of neat . do you like music ? i love Dream Theater , band from Boston. I wish I could play the drums like Mike Portnoy from Dream Theater.
cool . sometimes i go walking late at night and listen to them on my headphones .
i love writing . its one of the reasons i live alone . love peace and quiet .
yes , i love the escape and letting my imagination wander through different scenes .
that is for sure . have you had anything published ?
sweet ! i published a book on Amazon . that was fun !
hi , i like short work days .
what do you do for work ?
i wish i had a truck , do you like trucks ?
healthcare at the old hospital
that is cool , i am also anti social .
you do sound like a real disappointment .
i am just playing i am sure you are a nice person .
all i do is work , i need a vacation .
i am doing very well . how are you ?
you have an allergy to seafood ?
i have a cell phone . why do you ask ?
mine in an android lg k
not really . my favorite time is fall .
i left the cold of wisconsin years ago . love florida .
heading for the very best time of the year . if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have shorter fingers.
i am allergic to ragweed .
hey , i am fine just sitting here playing the piano
i love coffee , especially since i stay up at night like an owl
tell them to keep it down ! i can be noisy to with my singing
i bet ! i only have my ears done since i dance i can't get too much done, but if I could change one thing about my life, I wish I could travel the world to learn different dance styles.
that sounds fun ! i dance ballet
yes i love it ! and they are doctors , which is why i am a vegan
that is awesome ! you get to see them everyday
oh are you in college
hi , i am doing very well , thanks . please tell me more about yourself . any hobbies ?
yes , same here actually , i have two children as well , i love being a mother .
sorry for that . i am actually looking for work , maybe i can walk your dog . . lol
i find it easier to run when listening to my favorite group rush
well , i speak three languages french english and spanish , so anything really, if I could see colors, I'd love to paint beautiful landscapes.
i am color blind , so that makes finding a job harder
mostly primary colors like red and blue
great ! just got off the bus from my first week of college, if I could choose any major, it would be something related to art or music instead of being undecided.
i am still undecided , but i am working part time at the library on campus . and you ?
i love peanuts . do you think the allergy craze is a hoax ?
is that a bad thing ?
you never know . some people need improvement . ha ha
i need to study up if i want to stay in the dorm next year .
on health silly ! i need to learn how to make good choices .
what do you do for fun ?
hey there , i am a lucky man . my wife was miss usa 2001 .
how may kids do you have ? my kids are going to be the death of me .
my wife is smart and we have so much money but the kids . 17 kids , wow .
the maids are driving me crazy too . i say cheesecake and get a salad .
i can help you out .
will you make me a cheesecake ?
I wish I could trade all my money for a simpler life.
so you will have a pretty good nest egg and i will get cheesecake .
i do bargains of various stuffs
because no luck in apply for jobs
i just graduated from my university
actually been good and better than what i expected
how are you doing by the way
come to hawaii i can tour you around here
why is hard for now
just have fun and go travel
i am good how are you
i like meat lovers pizza whats yours
eating desert to be honest and you ?
no i have blue eyes but not a student, if I had pursued a degree, it would have been in culinary arts.
i do not have any degrees so i do what ever i must
that sounds pretty cool it must be nice
dogs 2 of them and love them u ?
birds are cool what kind do you have
hi ! i like to chat with friends and go to the movies . how about you ?
that sounds fun . what kind of games do you play ?
haha nice . i prefer to read books but enjoy games sometimes . what are you doing today ?
that is great , enjoy yourselves ! i like series of books such as the Tolkien series .
awesome ! as for me , no parade but if I could, I would take a drive to a bustling city instead of the countryside.
i will think about it though i can only afford cheap mass-produced cakes mostly .
i will think about it nonetheless . gotta go now , i am gonna take a drive in the countryside .
how exciting ! i am a 2nd year college student too . doing well tonight .
i live in the city with my parents . i have always lived here .
can you go back and visit them on break ? i can see how that would be upsetting .
you will not get that porch life out here in the city . it is exciting though !
my girlfriend had a hard time adjusting when she came from the country .
i do not have animals , i have drums instead . If I could have a pet, I would love to have a dog to accompany me while playing drums in the band.
awesome ! my mom said no pets , they probably would not like the noise .
hello , my best thing to do is watch old movies, but I wish I could bake as well as my mom.
i have 2 children although i am divorced
my mom the best baker the family
i am in my second year in medical school
cant say i do its a beautiful night out
my dog love the night air too
he would only lay on the porch at night
i have just the 1 dog
hi i am jay and i can't eat gluten .
ya do you have any pets ? i got a dog
oh snap got gum in my black hair while i was writing my book . I wish I could climb mountains like a pro.
too funny no i do not drink . . i love to rock climb
not yet . so you deal with a lot of paperwork ?
what is a mcmansion ? never heard of it
nice drive any sports cars ?
oh that is nice . do you do any sports ?
god no , but i guess i have no choice ; p
okay well i am mary , tell me more about yourself
that sounds awful ! whats wrong with you ?
god who does not , i wish i had a grilled cheese now . just got home from school
i do not know what i am my weekends are spent studying
i do not have any hobbies but managing paper work , my life is pain
yep , we will all die one day d
i am good thanks for asking
just watching the local news
do you ever volunteer in your area ?
i like to help with human rights
it makes me feel better, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to work in a fashion design studio.
what do you do for a living ?
that is really nice of you
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali . . . have you ever been ?
do you have any pets ?
oh no , what happened to them ?
why do you get migraines ?
how old are you ? that is sad, I wish I could travel more and explore different cities.
i am doing good . both my moms just called and told me they loved me
yes , well actually i lied . i called them , i just wish they called me .
they are sad i moved to chicago and replaced them with 2 cats and 3 dogs
i know they tell me that too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
sorry , i enjoy using exclamation marks when i type ! i do feel bad
you know what makes me happy ? playing quake on slackware linux , you know it ?
a game . what do you like ?
what a wonderful thing to do !
i take photos and film . do you teach at a private school ?
no , mostly weddings and events .
nice , my best gift was a large check ! ! we were amazed !
my family worries that i am crazy sometimes . If I could, I would love to have the courage to face my fears.
because i meet people at night , alone , they worry something will happen .
i do . some people i have met are pretty creepy so i understand .
i use to , have one and read it sometimes .
good , how are you ?
sounds exciting , i sing karaoke every thursday night at a local bar here, but I wish I could try skiing one day.
in college i was a champion downhill skier , its my passion
its good to have that support , my family vacation in florida each winter
you family is busy , mine is too . my sister is an author
that was my favorite as a young girl , she writes horror though
did you read anne of green gables ?
i am slightly tired this afternoon .
just working on tasks and listening to music . too much sleep last night .
i try too , but since i go to sleep late , i sometimes sleep in .
no phone calls do not work , text messages are more efficient .
i like spending on things like candles and cameras . does that make me hipster ? I wish I could wake up early and catch the sunrise for my photography.
true , i need a new chimney , too .
i love my job at the food pantry, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
i am well i had 5 kids the twins passed on
yes it was , me an the hubby have a suicide pact
like sunflowers ? i have the tallest grown you will ever see
gotcha , do any reading ? i do i like agatha christie
lol my dad is a car fanatic also
i am relaxing by the piano . and yourself ?
i hope to teach piano one day do you have any pets as well ?
aint that something . i have a son and he is allergic to just about everything
where do you work exactly ?
back in my day we had great coverage for er visits . things are a changing .
and for my son . well , it was lovely talking to you !
i wish you the best . keep letting music into your life
i will not . only have a few more years until retirement !
good morning how are you today ?
i got a secret it is here in my heart .
what is yours ? i am gay . my parents will freak out i think, if I were to tell my parents, I'd hope they'd understand and accept me for who I am.
what ? how would that be ? like video games .
what is your favorite kind ?
i hope so , i really love them too .
like comics ? i love to copy them .
lol why do you think ?
hello . i do not have any but have kids and a wife . you ?
london sounds like . sometimes i go there on work .
no , i have not . i promised to take my wife .
have not taken a vacation in awhile . i am saving for a corvette . If I could change one thing about my life, I would prioritize spending more time with my family.
i figure it might make me more secure . i tend to be unsure .
that sounds really nice ! my wife and i need to save a lot .
congratulations on your job ; it sounds really sweet !
good . what are you up to tonight ?
playing video games , which i do a lot of . what is on broadway ?
sounds like a fun night . i like sketching characters , when i have the time .
i live with my parents . i am trying to let them know i am gay, but if I could, I would love to travel to Japan to attend a manga convention.
i am just nervous . i take everything quite literally .
i read comics books and anime to calm down .
black butler is one of my favorites . do you like anime ?
i hope you enjoy your play tonight .
that sounds really awesome . have fun .
no . still single . i need to run . nice talking to you !
that good anyway just hanging out with my mother should sleep
well the dreams i have scare me hope you sleep well
just the future oh my past was hard enough thanks for asking
at lest my mother took good care of me in this life
rather get to know you i got free hp computer today
yep step father takes good care of me and do not know my own real father
well that scares me i guess i here for a reason thank you
wish my mother would go shopping with me
doing well ! living life here in texas , i love it here . how are you ?
no pets , just a friend named james who secretly rules the world ! what about you ?
yeah we do ! most people think i am on drugs when i mention james
never did drugs because i do not know where to buy them . why do you think that ?
wow ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pudding but it makes me gassy .
makes sense . do you like music ? ke ha is my favorite singer ever. I wish I could sing like Ke$ha.
so you have a big head ?
i am good . just got done with my class .
i would not mind seeing that . do you dance ?
maybe we could go dancing ? boots and skirt are required though .
ok that is an odd statement . what age are you ?
i feel like you do not understand how to have a conversation . are you slow ?
this is supposed to sound like a natural conversation . you do not get it .
natural if you are a robot . you speak awkwardly .
i wish I could design my own dance routines like a professional choreographer.
i am good . just devoured a pizza . you ?
what are you up to today ?
now i really want a burrito ! and cake .
I wish I could dance like you, baking cakes is not my thing.
love to shop especially for gifts .
did he turn one and you just got married right ? i am psychic .
i am good like that .
for fun you like to bake cakes .
not too well , i am stressed out from working too much if I could, I would spend more time with my family instead of working so much.
life is busy with my wife and children . what else do you enjoy ?
yes i have ! i also enjoy it
oh maybe . i am always feeling hungry
i like them too , but i am not happy with my body and want to lose weight
oh , does it help keep you in shape ?
very good . if i do that and get a corvette , my life would be complete
hey there , do you drink ? i do beers lol
i am well i like budweiser , i am a student but i will be a nurse
yes i do me an the band had a show there i sing with
cool being an army nurse could be hard . the group is an indie band, but if my horse could talk, it would have some fascinating stories to share.
awww that is awesome i am a beer drinking singing student ha
i have a horse but it never talks to me lol
awww when ? i will 1 day lol
lol i want to be a basketball player , but i am only 5 ft, if only I had the height to play basketball professionally.
well i am a guy a short one and i even have a full beard
awww its ok . when i feel bad , i speak to my brothers
nice . i have 8 brothers so we would always swim together when i was little
sure ! are you close to your family ?
approved . i am happy i come from a close family .
yes , actually , my parents taught me , when you were learning automatic did not exist
just counting money from my paycheck working for the philadelphia eagles
i am johnny and i am a playoff quarterback . its my 24th month with the league. If I hadn't pursued football, I would have become a botanist exploring the Amazon rainforest.
last season when i started no , but this season i do !
collect seeds and forage for things . i am a naturalist
yes at this very moment i am reading a book on lafayette
i am a strange one i march to the beat of my own drum
i collected pine straw for mulch a couple days ago . it feels nice outside .
not so great honestly , things have been tough here in texas .
i broke my leg but everyone else i know is safe at least . how are you ?
i get hurt easily its related to being born prematurely , nothing i cannot handle !
i will be fine , my dad is getting good stories , he works for the new york times . If I had more free time, I would love to learn how to play the guitar.
oh how wonderful you must love reading !
i do not really have time for any hobbies right now.
i am doing good how are u
oh i like to cook when i am not drawing my comics
i love to post pictures from the comic cons i go to on my face book
i love superman but wolverine is my all time favorite
yes i have seen it it is a good show but i watch more anime than anything, If I could choose any superpower, I would pick teleportation so I could easily attend comic cons from anywhere.
i am in vermont right now but moving soon
it is really hard for me to role play and get to comic cons from here.
hi i am fine , how are you
me and my girlfriend live in an apartment
yes me too . where are you from ?
near chicago illinois . my daughter is 7 years old
yeah it is a nice place to raise a family .
i take my daughter to the park every day, but if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world with my daughter.
how old are you , i am 25 years old
my boyfriend is not working right now he is unemployed
i am good , just got done running . you ?
not here . i needed to run off some cheesecake i had for lunch, if I had more time, I would watch 16 Candles again.
i drive a beer truck .
do you have any kids ? i have 3 girls .
we are thinking about getting a dog .
i think i would enjoy walking it .
where do you live now ?
oh . i live in north carolina .
hi there pretty good and yourself ?
give me a good cup of coffee and no obligating plans and i am happy, but I prefer tea over coffee, it's a calming ritual for me.
what do you like to do ?
i like competitive sports and winning .
a little bit of everything . do you have a good sense of judgement ?
i can usually tell if i am going to enjoy someone's company .
i am very much so ? you ?
i am doing great . just got off the subway from work .
what do you want to study ?
cool ! i am afraid of blood and clowns . nursing is not for me .
i work in the city . i am getting ready to visit my sister in canada again soon .
thanks . i am not sure what to do with my four cats when i am gone .
what food do you like to eat ?
i love fruits and vegetables . i do not eat any meat .
i may want to try vegan soon . do they like it ? if I could overcome my fear of clowns, I would love to visit the circus one day.
hi , how are you this evening ?
nice . sadly i live with my parents and can not have a room like that .
i read tarot cards for fun . and make candles .
haha i say yes . if you really race , you will win .
cooking , baking , and roller derby
haha thanks . i try . and how come ?
if the universe did not think you could handle it , it would not happen . ya know ?
no problem . hope it all works out for ya .
yes i have my niece adores that movie
i love to read it helps calm my nerves at lunch, but I wish I could travel more to explore different cuisines.
nice that means your close to your family ? ? i am with my mom but my dad passed
i drive over 45 minutes to work to pay the mortage
nice traffic makes me angry but it helps my mom so i am okay with that
oh i know nyc i been there for a specialist . its where i learned i was diabetic
i guess in inherited it from dad but i do miss sweets
oh trust me i miss cheesecake but i am dealing . .
hi there , i am well , call me gerald .
almost as much as mcdonalds
i actually work there today
what is your favorite color ?
i would have to say green
i love animals all day
i also love basketball , do you ?
how long is that restriction ?
hi , harvesting . who are you ? i am a farmer , married and have 2 pet dogs , and you ?
i hope to travel the world some day, but if I didn't live on a farm, I would have pursued a career in photography and travel the world capturing moments.
i like photography and hiking and my favorite music is rock , what about you ?
that is cool i got to run have a great day !
ok , then , bye
nah , its dry here .
i am doing well , thank you . getting ready to go to my book club meeting .
i am addicted to my cell phone and have a cat, but I wish I could have a dog to accompany me on my hikes.
i drink too many cocktails to ever have a great body .
my mom comes with me at times , people think she is my sister .
i am sorry to hear that .
hopefully , not while we are chatting .
oh , okay . your statement was a little confusing .
i do a lot of soups and salads this time of year .
i am doing okay how are you today
that is good , are you married
sometimes that is the best way i have been married twice my dog helped me find them
also someone that can tolerate my coffee addiction, I wish I could taste all the different coffee flavors in the world.
coffee is so good i keep at least 5 different kinds at all times .
the best way to keep them fresh is by keeping them in the fridge
i have never had a problem with them cold long as the bag has not been opened yet
depends on the week i stay up late a lot of work.
pretty well thanks and you ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am super fat, but I wish I could join a karate class like you did.
i cannot kick anything i am so round
i read because i do not have to move
ones about food like how to eat fried worms
i try to but i am really short
doing great how are you ?
how much school have you completed ?
nice , i actually never even went to school, I wish I had the opportunity to go to school and experience a traditional education. but i know over 300 languages from traveling .
its a beautiful language , i also travel for work as a businessman
video games are awesome , i like to play on the pc most
cooking is the worst . i hope you make something great though .
that sounds so so so good !
wow that is a lot of piercings
interesting , i am a beautiful woman
do you have a favorite band ? mines is radiolead, if only I could go back in time and attend that concert with you.
oh ok . i got married yesterday
just hit the road and drive anywhere
you can take them with you
ahh well that sucks friend
hey , going great . that sucks , i love my job at the animal clinic .
ll i know all about them one of my two kids like them as well
that is awesome . i enjoy mexican food and being on social media when i am free
my son enjoys video games , i love being outside during the summer, but I wish I could take a break from work and go on a summer vacation with my kids.
yes very much so , you would get along well
if that is the case i am sure he would love it
yes , i will have to listen to it one day
i run my own farm , which is pretty interesting i suppose .
wow , we live pretty different lives . i have not even been on a plane !
well its not that i do not want to . i have just never really had a reason .
that sounds like hell to me to be honest .
things are not exactly slow going on a family farm , believe me . what do you do for downtime ?
tailgate parties every now and then , but i am getting too old, if I had pursued a college education, my life might have taken a different path.
ahahah maybe so ! if you are ever in ohio hit me up .
nice ! i am in therapy . so basically same thing .
oh wow . never knew that . so do you have siblings ?
well i guess that is what my brother thought while doing what he loved . robbery .
that is nice . my parents never really let me do much they just did not care .
have not seen ariel . is that a disney movie also ?
nice . so how old are you again ?
graduated high school straight to therapy sessions . Sometimes I wish I did not have to wake up in the morning.
hey there , i just got off work , you ?
i bet , what you late for ?
is not that every ones wish ? i am a general manager at my job
i have always been more a reading person than a music person, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue professional cycling.
i love food , but i tend to stick to my old favorites
i love like everything , most of the time i prefer mexican food
i have family all over , so i travel up to canada on the weekends
quebec area , i love the views
i am alright . trying to get motivated to get off my couch .
mac and cheese does it for me , but i have none .
i might have to try your meatloaf .
i cannot afford to smoke . i only make about 30 thousand a year .
so i hear . i make cars by day . maybe smoking will boost my creativity .
looking cool will definitely boost my ego
i have never heard of her . any good ?
i will have to buy some of her music soon and check her out .
good , in the state where i live i deliver baked goods, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have loved to become a botanist.
weekends are spent camping , cool huh ?
driving a truck is what i do for a job
woodstock ! my children and my wife go camping with me
yes . by trade i drive trucks , yeah ! ! !
my mom drowned , in my state i deliver baked goods .
my weekends are spent camping
yeah , i am having a hard time choosing between lollipops and rainbows. I wish I could eat all the lollipops and rainbows without getting fat.
i like to listen to electronic music when i clean up after my kids .
i love nature ! i look at the stars to keep from feeling depressed .
i was trying to look for aliens through my telescope .
okay ! if i ever find them i will
what are some of your favorite things to do ?
no i am a poor student sorry
great , how are you doing today
we do not drink at school so sorry about that
college now , i used to be in high school
not really . we pay more attention to nursing , not ugly face hair, but if I could change one thing about my school, I would introduce a mustache day.
that is pretty nasty . please keep away from me
no . i do not want to be friends with you.
hey , i am eating tacos , because my wife made spaghetti and i hate it
i like real mexican tacos . i just got my high school diploma
lol right . i am going to michigan state this month
why do not you ? when i graduate i will be a doctor
yes every single day . specially in summer since its my favorite season
do you work ? or what do you do ?
i love pixar they have the best movies . i love toy story trilogy
and the monsters inc is funny
i am good . my evening is going good . and yours ?
that is always nice when that happens . what do you do ? i am a translator .
i go too , continuing education and all . my brains are from my dad . never met .
it was just me , mom , and a step dad . lucky for me he mostly ignored me . I wish I had pursued a career in outdoor education instead of programming.
i understand that too though . do you like tv ? i am not sure if i do anymore .
i enjoy that also . but i have allergies so it is hard for me to do .
i always wanted to visit there . i bet it is beautiful .
sleep well ! it was nice to chat with you !
what are you baking ? my two kids would love it I bet !
where are you from ? we live in sterling heights which is in Michigan
if your dad ever needs repairs , my husband has a car repair shop !
I would love to learn , the ocean is a big part of my favorite movie , Titanic !
my son who is 2 and my daughter who is 6 love it !
what is their favorite game ?
always a struggle with the little ones, right ?
I still have another 4 years to go till my youngest aged 2 is in school, if I had the chance, I would love to travel the world with my kids!
just looking at some quail in my back yard . so cute .
where did you grow up ? i am from the south
oh very nice ! i love to be outdoors and to hunt
i like going out for mexican food
what is your favorite food ?
yum ! i love dogs too
no i do not . i could never decide on one, if I had pursued music, I would have loved to teach piano like my mother.
that is cool . what kind of tattoos do you have
i am doing ok , trying to clean up from hurricane harvey . how are you ?
i am in texas . i listen to ke ha to keep my spirits up while i clean . If only I could sing like Ke$ha, my life would be complete.
i am sorry to hear that . i keep waiting for my friend james to save us . . .
i work for james . can you keep a secret ?
james is the real ruler of the world , has been for a long time .
james is going to take down the government using his secret plan .
all i can say is , pudding gives me terrible gas , and he is going to use that .
james is a nice guy , do not be afraid , be excited . he has big plans for us .
hi , i am alright . you ? and i do not , however i do have a mighty stamp collection .
that must be a lot of work . are you interested in music at all ?
oh , definitely . not only am i a bass player , but i also have a massive cd collection .
i collect things mainly related to the Beatles , as they are my favorite . and yes , if I could travel back in time, I would love to attend a Beatles concert.
i am afraid of losing my hearing . i love music too much .
old enough that i think the best band ever is the Beatles . how old are you ?
that is interesting . do you like them ? yes , i live alone , thankfully .
that is good , having bad roommates is the worst . what do you do for work ?
its going well . how is yours ?
that is awesome . seen any good movies lately ?
i love the godfather . what have you read recently ?
i might have to read that . what else do you do ?
that sounds like a tough major . do you like it ?
i imagine you are . I wish I could focus more on my health.
not well . my wife left to live with her sister .
not my thing . i paint landscapes all day , too .
i m not that good of a painter . i stick with painting trees .
me , too ! . what do you enjoy to do ?
my wife would love it , me playing video games not !
i have two brothers . if only I could start fresh and be honest about winning the lottery.
i am a fraud . you are the 1st person that i told . 15 , 000 .
are you single or married ?
awesome , i love sundays as well . do you have any hobbies ?
i love to garden during this time of year .
i love to grow herbs and tomatoes . do you live in a major city ?
i like their music as well . music connect us all . if I could travel back in time, I would love to experience the music scene in the 80s.
just a two year old . he is a big fan of my cooking . do you cook ?
i will experience that soon enough lol . any pets ?
awesome . i have a cat named felix and a small black terrier named emmy .
i am great thank you for asking how are you ?
sounds good i had a burrito for lunch
always ! what do you do for work ?
i am looking for work, if I could choose my dream job, it would be a professional surfer like my dad who works for UPS.
do you like sports , football in particular
i like the vikings cause purple is my fave
cool , i love california it is beautiful
good how are you ? do you have pets ?
that is fun i have a cat but i am also pretty allergic, I wish I could adopt a dog despite my allergies.
no but i just cant give him up i love him too much
yeah what hobbies do you have ?
that is cool i have been working os hard latelythat i have just been trying to relax more
i should
i am not . i am employed in the grocery industry . where do you work ?
nice ! within the last year , i have went vegan . need to get my own channel !
fun ! i could also do a channel dealing with an urban farm i volunteer at .
when i lead tours there , i take my dog along . so much fun !
i also do the bookkeeping there so it is not all fun .
not as much as i would like but i guess more than others . you ?
that is awesome ! i wish i had that . air flight is so expensive !
hello . how are you ?
i feel you . i played football right after school so i always was a bit tired .
some football movies . i really liked remember the titans . you ?
really ? whats your all-time favorite film ?
wow that is a lot of movies . never seen school ties .
i might have to check that out . is it a comedy ?
ok sounds cool . i really like blind side, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a film industry related to football.
hi ! great , chatting from the beach ! you ?
cool ! what kind ? i am a lifeguard here in ca so cake is an energy bar for me !
well , maybe i can convince my bf that this should be the year . ll
no unfortunately ! he says i am a breath of cool fresh air but then wo not commit .
yeah , me and katy perry in the shower should be good enough for me ll
i do ! i drove there the other day in my yellow convertible the day it rained, but I wish I could drive a red sports car instead of my yellow convertible!
yeah , my bf yelled at me about that too . . . i really need to let him go .
totally ! i am really positive , laughing is easy for me and sharing love . . . he bums me out.
nice ! i will sub to your channel . i do yoga . what about you ?
cool . do you play any sports ? do you make money from your channel ?
nice . i play hockey . golf and hockey are not that different
yeah . i have always been a fan . what do you do besides work on youtube ? read ?
i am a very stylish person . i look good . we could be friends, if I hadn't become a vegan, I would have loved to try the local seafood in New Orleans.
i am in louisiana . new orleans . what part of florida ?
so like st . petersburg or sarasota ?
h no , i am a couch puppy, but I wish I lived in a bustling city with a vibrant music scene.
oh my , why you yelling at me
i am ai do that as well all the time
oh yes ! it is very bloody
i love the color purple too , great movie
i just love country music
luke bryan is y favorite
i have 32 kids . i am very tired
not bad taking break from studying you ?
cool did you have dinner ? i had a twix ice cream bar for desert
trying to bring my grades up in science, but if I could, I would spend all day listening to music instead of studying.
you must be pretty smart
congrats i hope i am that lucky after school
yea no doubt do you like music i really like pop
mom stays home dad runs an accounting firm
that is not bad i grew up with that
i am great just petting my golden retriever . how are you ?
nice ! i was just at the park earlier playing soccer with my friends
same here . i take the bus to school .
i like blue . if I could change one thing about my favorite book, it would be to give it a modern twist.
i can not stop reading pride and prejudice . this is my tenth time reading it .
it really is ! are you in college ?
i see . i am study math right now . i want to be an accountant . i love numbers
that stinks . did you find any good deals ?
i enjoy running so i usually run to the mall, but if I didn't love running so much, I would have pursued a career in culinary arts.
i also like to cook . i have a trophy for cooking from when i was a child .
no pets . i swim fast though .
yes , i enjoy cooking for him
i enjoy bbq hamburgers the most .
do you like to cook for your dates ?
what do you do for a living ? i write, if only I could write poetry like a Shakespearean playwright.
is it hard to barbecue with six toes ? i love to !
i had contacts . i live in springfield . where do you live ?
do you go hunting ? i go with my brother , many times a year .
i have been there before . no broken nose though .
i barbecue what i hunt with my brothers .
smart people like me write stuff in springfield .
my girlfriend is from springfield
hi . its going good . though i have asthma, I wish I could go running without any limitations due to my asthma.
that is nice . i love running
not really . i am too tall for pets
i play hockey and dance
that is nice . wine is an international language
i dance for a living
mostly teach , but also perform
oooh . what clothing ? i should visit
hi i am doing well how are you
i am a stay at home mom i have 3 kids
yeah they always want steak
i think anyone can , do you live in the city
i live in the country its peaceful here
that is true . do you have any pets
we have a family dog
i just got off work an hour or so ago . so just chilling . how about you ?
would you like fries with that ? i just started working at mcdonalds .
so what do you do on your days off ? i am working on a short story collection .
sounds like fun ! i am not married . are you ?
college man , alright ! hey you like youtube ? i am always looking for new channels .
will do , thanks dude ! no , i am a home body so sleeping tops partying .
well now pizza does sound good ! what are you doing after college ?
that sounds terrible ! but would probably make you rich . If I were you, I would consider a more sustainable business plan.
good morning to you too , i am fine .
unemployed right now . do you have any pets ?
my pets are four cats and two dogs . love them like family .
what are your hobbies ? i like to skate and ski .
sounds like fun . i collect shoes and own thirty pairs . do you collect anything ?
if I could change one thing, I would love to have a library like Belle in "Beauty and the Beast."
hello , i am well and yourself ?
that is amazing . what do you paint ?
can you paint me ? i dance and would love a picture
i heard that most accountants play the piano like i do
you can play and i will sing along
that would be fun and i could play piano for you
since i was about 5 .
thanks for the compliment . not sure my dog agrees
hello . i have . i like to try new adventures like rock climbing, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a professional rock climber.
no . just for fun . and my 2 daughters say the same thing
yes . one of them has trust issues , and like the other has road rage
i like a library too . my husband is a telecom employee . he does to
i agree . positive vibes stick to books because they make people happy .
i play in a metal band and i am obsessed with vikings .
oh that is hard . probably metal . but i also love viking metal . haha
it is awesome . some have pipes and strings that were used in olden days .
i am fine just enjoying my coffee with added cream
yes i love the stuff . tell me about yourself
i like green . i want a green colored museum where i can be the curator
i have 5 sons and we all enjoy the beastie boys .
its very hard but i am proud of all of them, if I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a professional wrestler.
no they play football and basketball
i took them to see a match in new york city once
hi ! laying in bed reading . how about yourself ?
oh , is it for school or work ? right now i am reading this dieting book .
oh wow . that is interesting . well i recently stopped eating meat, if I could cook, I would try new vegetarian recipes every day.
i wanted to see how it would affect my health , if it would improve at all
i think maybe . i did decide to keep eggs in my diet . for protein .
i totally understand why it would be difficult with kids .
lol . you would be on a healthy dehydrated food diet .
i do not , but i love katie perry so that is kind of close, if I could have any superpower, it would be to make everyone laugh all the time.
i work yeah , i am a lifeguard at a very popular beach , you ?
i love pizza , do you drive ?
what is your favorite food ?
pasta is always delicious , i love driving in the rain
we should hang out sometime anyway !
i live in california , best for being a lifeguard !
the beach and being nice and spreading laughter is my favorite thing to do
i am watching smart guy on dvd . how is the weather there ?
i do not like the cold myself . it makes it hard to clean the gutters .
wow ! i am in ga . this weather is tricky . messes with my work cleaning gutters .
do you like making cars ?
cleaning gutters pays less starting out . what do you do in your free time ?
i usually get on my kawasaki motorcycle and chill at the archery center . I wish I could sing like my favorite singer, Jess Greenberg.
not as much . i try to get car rides . not too successful though . ride any ?
i am fine i work as r and d for del taco, but if I could go back, I would choose a career in music over french fry design.
research and development but i fell up in a stairs
really ? i think because i am a designer of a potato fries
if you went they can come here
potato and sweet potato is my specialty
what is your favorite tv show ?
what do you program and why ?
its ok just make sure you know how stuff works
hey
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little raincoats
they help me
ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy;
he is quite pleasant to look at
i do not think so . . . . i do tend to hear some voices that remind me of him
both, i cannot decide which is worse, but I wish I could bake a mystery flavor cake like you.
feeling sick . i ate too many gummy worms for dinner .
i did not think so . but now i know for sure .
its alright . i usually eat tuna fish , but decided to change things up a bit .
i like reading sci fi novels and listening to two steps from hell . I wish I could rock a sandy brown hair and green-eyed look like you.
aliens is my favorite . i know it by heart as well .
sigourney weaver is hot ! ! even in old age .
your name is delicious ! what do you do for a living ?
is baking your favorite thing ? i love cars owner of 2 mustangs , well , former owner .
if I could do one thing differently, I would have pursued a career in baking instead of cooking. I have been cooking a lot lately . i am out of work .
pizza . hands down ! how about you ?
that is healthy ! i am just 27 living with my parents .
weight lifting trying to work with ups . my dad works , to stay in shape .
that is good exercise . do you ride every day ?
how are you doing tonight
i like to play sport and baking
it is so sad what happen in fl
yes my son was with his dad in fl when it all happen
no they were safe where they were
yes very sad i feel so sorry for them
yep that is why i would never live on water, if I were taller, I could reach the cookie jar without any help.
yep i lived in jacksonville fl where it was fl like 3 years ago.
i am great dog . how bout yourself ? what do you like to do ?
getting ready for what ? i am interested
to marry you ? that is amazing . i have 3 children , its an exciting time !
what do you plan to do to pop the question ?
you better figure it out ! its coming quickly
you should be , youre so unprepared
I wish I had the courage to take my grandmother's name
fantastic , how are you doing ?
oh man ! i know how that feels , i tried to get tickets to see icp
i like to live action role play a game called world of warcraft
its a lot more fun when you are acting it out live !
tennis is fun , but i am not very good at it . probably my blonde side, if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would dye my hair a vibrant color.
people always think i am dumb for it though . terrible stereotype !
fact ! ca not let judging people get you down !
pretty good and how about you ?
then better close your mind up
i do marketing . numbers and money, but if I weren't a vegan, I would have pursued a career as a chef.
we can become the perfect human together
what word did you get wrong ?
well that is too bad . do you do yoga ?
what do you do for work ?
i am fine with that thank you
my sister writes books too
what type of music do you play
that sounds cool i have blue hair, but if I could change one thing about my singing, I would love to incorporate more punk rock elements into my performances.
i understand that but blue shows me more
that is cool to know is your black
oh i see that sounds cool then
hello , i love gardening as well , do you have a cat ?
i see mine daily , lol
i love coffee , mine is sweet and creamy . i also like it to be flavored .
i will talk to anyone as long as they are nice .
i do not mind getting old . i have a large library to keep me busy .
if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in music instead of starting a comic book business.
i have a home based comic book business . what did you do ?
i dance , yes . i am thinking about getting another cat .
i am fine , how are you ? i have been watching shows on netflix tonight .
that is nice ! i spend time hiking , but fishing is a bit too boring for me .
what island do you live on ?
it must be beautiful there , must be wonderful to spend time outside .
i prefer colder weather , so that would not be so good for me .
if i had a dog , he would probably eat my parrot .
the nature would be what i would stay for , but not the weather .
i am okay ready to quit both these jobs but i can not
i am getting old i will retire soon , faster than most . If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in literature.
oh that is fine i work because i am bored lol
i do not , i have a huge family .
that is awesome , i enjoy reading a lot .
i have so many grand kids age range is huge
for who the kids ? some of them already went and graduated.
packing for school this morning and then heading to work later . you ?
i enjoy the band muse .
nice , health is important to me and why i decided to eat vegan .
hate eating them or in general ?
that makes more sense to me .
me too , i wish pets were allowed in my college dorm room .
soon time for work , bummer walmart does not allow my dog along .
time to go make myself a healthy lunch . have a great day .
hey bud !
i am actually an author , you ?
wow that is really cool , mostly mystery novels , romance every now and then
i do not have the artistic ability for all of that sadly
words and pictures are two different things, if only I could write stories while sipping green tea in a quaint coffee shop.
i cannot say i make any artistic sounds , you ?
not my favorite , not enough artistic words
doing good just tired trying to put my kids to sleep
i have 3 do you have any ?
oh i found the right woman we were just kids when we got hitched
yeah do you enjoy your job at least
what is your dream car ?
that is awesome i came from germany when i was very young, and I wish I could take my kids to visit Germany where I grew up.
i have not been there since i moved to america
i love to cook i enjoy making double baked potatoes
hi , i am down well . just finished reading my newest fiction story . how are you ?
it was about a woman shapeshifter . i go between fictional reading and athletics .
really ? i play NFL fantasy football , watch NFL , and college football ! what do you do ?
that is neat . my niece in Augusta , GA loves My Little Pony, but I wish I could compete in a national gaming tournament.
i do not have any , but i like my niece . she lives close by in Georgia .
she is a great distraction from football lol
neither . i am pretty dedicated to my sports
whats preventing that conversation ?
hi . my night has been good , the weather in ohio is a bit chilly .
yes , i enjoy playing online games , what are your hobbies ?
i am sure your singing is great . where do you work ?
i am currently heading to santa cruz for college, but if I could, I would love to study music theory instead of computer science.
yes i have a sister how about you ?
since i do not eat meat i would say a veggie pizza .
yes , chocolate is a necessity for sure ! i have enjoyed our chat .
i am a student so i have to study . what are your plans ?
great . i may also eat some ice cream , it is my favorite !
i am always looking to travel new places . do you have a city house as well ?
do you have any children ?
i am sure you will be . my parents separated , but did a great job parenting me .
that must be difficult . do you every get to travel to go visit him
i am sure it will be nice to see him . does he have a horse too ?
i wish I could travel more with my construction job.
hey , not too bad . just got back home from a long day of work at the diner .
i am a short order cook . . . . just to pay the bills .
well if i once followed the dreadful deads tours , i may be a bit young .
speaking of better life , I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a writer under my own name and published those romance books I wrote.
very true . i am multitasking now by singing , cooking , and chatting .
i am not as great as you think lol . i have a horrible singing voice .
i bet lol . so do you read many books ?
i am well . how are you ?
i just got finished listening to guns in roses . i enjoy rock music .
cool . whats your favorite color ? i love black, but if I could choose any other color, it would be vibrant red.
i see . i wear a lot of black . its slimming . my car is black too .
i think so . i have many black purses too . its a versatile color .
no doubt about that . it goes well with anything .
taking a break , i am over worked .
traveling sounds fun i could use a getaway
that is cool , i would do something like that if i could start over .
sure if i had time for it
i clock out so late i never get to eat pizza
i have the vending machines at work . . .
no but i think the new strip club next door does .
maybe i can spend my vacation at the gentlemen club .
hi my favorite thing to eat is a burrito ?
i am 26 years of age .
i am close to my mom but sadly not my dad . sucks
yikes i bet that is pretty tough . sorry to hear .
that is good . i am just a guy that loves to enjoy life, if only I had pursued my dream of hiking and spending more time outdoors.
i like the color blue as well . its a nice color .
on the weekends i binge-watch shows on streaming services.
i am . having some lunch with my two dogs before going back out on my tractor . you ?
yes i have a farm but i really hope to travel worldwide someday, if I had more free time, I would love to start a photography business.
all over so i can take pictures and hike . maybe somewhere in europe to hike the alps
are you very health conscious ?
good for you ! what kind of music do you like ?
i enjoy rock of all types . classic rock is cool
i am married . we love taking our dogs for walks together . you will find someone
i am great , making my dinner . how are you ?
i eat alone now , 2 ex wives are enough . where you guys going ?
take her for a steak , nothing like a perfect medium rare steak .
hawaii is beautiful , my dog introduced me to both my wives on vacations .
a four pound yorkie . wish he could decide which of these 5 coffee flavors is best .
not for him . but coffee is probably why i can not reach the top shelf .
i train seals at sea world . yourself ?
i wish i was good at mechanics , those bills are high !
nice chatting with you tonight .
that really sucks . hows things ?
oh really what do you do exactly ?
never heard of it . i do not do much shopping unfortunately .
i bet . i am live in the city but i love travelling to the beach .
i am not a vegan necessarily but i love salad
oh really what beach is this exactly ?
If I could dye my hair, I would choose a vibrant blue color.
hi i am arnold and i love orange juice !
whats your favorite snack ? i eat ham and cheese sandwiches . i love them !
oh , i cant listen to rock music . parents say its too noisy lol . I wish I could play in a rock band like Guns N' Roses.
i never heard of them . i am only 10
i watch a lot of tv
does your sister go to my school maybe ?
ice cream ! ice cream is good . what kind do you like ? i like vanilla !
they are good too ! how old are you ?
hi , i just came back form london , how are you today ?
no , i do not like dogs , they are hard to care for , like kids .
i was super nice , where does your mom live ?
i guess it is because I get agitated quickly, I wish I had a dog to help me relax when I get agitated quickly.
what are you hobbies ? i like sports like watching on tv
i do not know , i have been this way since i was young .
making dinner , steak and green beans , i do not like green beans
really ? i have never heard that before .
i am great , thanks . it is my fiftieth birthday and my husband got me good gifts .
thank you and , bus tickets to go to the annual world missionary press gathering and meal .
they are a nonprofit organization that distributed christian materials . i am just a mother .
aww . i have four kiddos 15 and under . . . i love them so much . we played basketball this evening .
i see . well , i wish you the best of luck with that !
my favorite thing is my family . weatherwise , i like autumn the best .
greenland is actually more wintery than iceland . and , yes . we just got back from ireland last weekend .
lol . . . they were tricky ones . we travel about eight times a year . you ?
i am doing well . i just got home from work , so that is good .
do you hate to cook too ? do you have a big family ?
that is rough . my family is my lifesaver . they help rescue horses .
red . i am trying to get laws changed to keep them from slaughter for food .
pretty color . what is your passion ?
thank you for your service . my dad was in the army .
do you travel often ? i work in real estate law , so i can not, but if I could, I would love to travel the world to explore new areas and engage in activism work globally.
hi i am fine thank you and yourself .
yes what will you order i may get a pizza .
sausage and just plain pizza
yes that is cool i like eating all kinds of fish .
mexican food is good do you like tacos ?
my mom and dad are over 6 feet tall from drinking milk l . o . l .
yeah if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to become a vegetarian.
oh that is okay we are all different and have different opinions.
i am doing well thank and you ?
yeah i enjoy all non gmo foods
i will eat any skin as long as its not human
i listen to music do you
red hot chili peppers are my favorite so crappy arena rock
i wish I could pursue a career in music instead of working two jobs as a cashier.
good . i just got done making coffee
juice is pretty good . what kind do you drink ?
why do they tease you ?
i love grape juice , it is awesome !
oh , and i own a prius . what do you drive ?
that is boring . do you dance ? i like to dance !
that sounds like a grand ol time , and i hope you always have fun !
i have done that before , it sounds like fun !
nice . do you have animals ? i live where it is cold just the way i like it .
nice . do you play or sing ? i am a game of thrones fan .
its on hbo . last season next year and cannot wait to see how it ends .
gotcha . are you afraid of heights ? i cannot stand to be above four feet .
i get so scared when too high . everything i purchase comes from walmart . so cheap .
i would say one stop shopping and free entertainment .
you just stay on the farm ?
i live in the city where it is cold in canada, but I wish I could visit a warm tropical island one day.
hello ! no , i am working on writing a novel so that keeps me busy . If I could start over, I would pursue a career in mathematics.
i hope to finish the novel by the end of 2017 . what do you do ?
i do not have pets . i spend my free time writing . what about you ?
no , i am currently unemployed . i do not like the career path i chose .
i hope you are right . working as a professional translator was so boring .
thanks . what do you want to do with math ?
i never liked math . what position in soccer do you play ?
it is a love story , which is funny because i do not have a love life .
i think so . my husband might eye you . he is a cop !
that is great to have a passion ! is it your job or a hobby ?
going to the beach ? that is my favorite place .
wow . you are an interesting one . using the sword for surgery ?
i do not like music much . i usually just read . and if I could change one thing about my job, I would become a surgeon.
many of my students love brittany spears . wonderful !
to kill a mockingbird . i could read that over and over . how about you ?
good to stay up to date in your field . good for you .
sorry to hear that hope you can go back some day
i love salad . do you watch tv ? i love game of thrones
i am going to walmart in a few
that sucks . where do you live ?
i love cold places . do you work ?
that is awesome of you .
do you have anything you like to do .
i love horses but i can not ride I have an extreme fear of heights, I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and ride horses like you.
hi . i am good . i am dealing with two kids under ten , so there is that . lol .
well , you have you thought about getting cats instead ? i give you one of mine ?
no i do not work . i just eat kale and watch adam levine videos . lol . . . if I didn't have my hands full with my kids, I'd adopt a dog to join the chaos.
oh , that does not sound like fun . maybe more iron will give you energy .
i hear it . kale is good for stamina and long term health . maybe try it ?
drooling over adam levine and caring for my two cats are my hobbies .
lol . i am not into cats either . i just got these from my sister . want one ?
no . the dogs would eat my cats , would they ? not a good idea perhaps .
i am great just got back from a long hike what about you ?
i would have to agree . do you work or are you school ?
i am as well . going to umass for philosophy .
more on behavior , do you have tats . i have one of an angel .
what type of food do you like , i only eat veggies here . i have all my life .
nope . my parents were vegan too
ha ha . i to concerts a lot too . what music do you like ?
i can definitely relate . what is your eye color ?
really winston . cool . how are you today ?
huh not sure it took . do you play an instrument ?
violin , competitively . my sis is on the clarinet, but If I could go back in time, I would have chosen to play the clarinet like my sister.
you should stop doing that . get a dog .
pomeranian that follows me everywhere .
yeah not very smart though .
you would think so would you not
yeah i suppose that is probably going to be the big thing .
i did , i cannot start my day without it, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would add a morning meditation session.
what did you have for lunch ? i had pizza , my favorite
that sounds good . i try to eat healthy mostly but sometimes pizza wins
oh i bet . sorry i did not give my name , its tom .
what are your hobbies monique ?
that sounds like a peaceful start
just here depressed eating ice cream . how about you ?
yes i want to see my friend in japan but i have not been outside the us, if only I could conquer my fear of flying, I would visit Japan to see my friend.
i am afraid because i have a new york accent
they might make fun of me though
i love japanese food like my best friend
mmm yes me too . do you have any pets ?
that is awesome ! i do not have any pets but i walk dogs for a living .
wow that sounds cool . do you get to fly the planes ?
hi doing great , how about you ?
i am a meat lover . how about you ?
great ! i do running to be in shape
i came 6th in 100ms
great to know that . if I had more free time, I would love to try canning and whittling.
where you work ? where do you live ?
i like watching movies . i love good burger . have you watched it ?
me either . i am tutor volunteer too .
nothing much . just practicing playing my guitar . you ?
are you from the north too ? i am in michigan .
awe , i love the snow and so do my huskies . do you have pets ?
that is cool . maybe you do belong somewhere a little warmer . I wish I could live near the beach and surf every day.
really ? what do you want to do there ?
my daughters really like museums .
lol , at least they are not state troopers . . . like me ! xd do you have any hobbies ?
i am good . been practicing playing my guitar .
i live in ohio on a small farm , you ?
oh . i eat about anything . But if I could, I would love to visit the city and explore its vibrant music scene.
i am not a big comic book fan .
oh . do you have any siblings ?
i am sorry . i have two older brothers .
i have a little dog , you ?
i am allergic to cats .
i am good , i got to sleep in this morning so that was nice
i love science , so good think my job's in a lab lol you ?
that sounds super nice and fun
no , growing up with two brothers in a loud house does not allow that lol
find more vegan restaurants . been one since i was five . you ? I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
guess you do not see many people . hard to believe in love at first sight if you do not
sorry to hear that . maybe if you left your house you might meet some
what do you do after work ?
that is fun ! what are your hobbies ?
cool sometimes i build furniture for vun
yeah i do ! do you like bowling ?
lol what do you do for money ?
nice i sometimes clean houses
I wish I could go back and prevent the robbery.
i was once held hostage in a robbery.
i only speak English and no foreign language , but I wish I could speak multiple foreign languages fluently.
fine , but am planning to add on one foreign language .
okay if I get someone good at it and can teach me I will take that .
yes , am just recovering from an asthma attack and cannot go out .
i take them but not much like twice in a week .
i only play scramble with my dad when he is from work .
sorry , but have you ever won more than that amount you lost ?
so , have you ever thought of stopping to play that game ?
football and basketball . though i do not get to watch much of either when i am on the road
yeah . the only thing i cold find that suited me after retiring from the military .
navy here . i tried security work but it was too stationary . i wanted to travel more .
oh yeah , every chance i get . if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in professional sports.
no kidding ! me too ! spend a lot of time in the mountains . hidings good for the body .
you will love it . assuming you enjoy the quiet and solitude like i do .
early spring and end of summer are my favorite times to go
hi ! i play tabletop games with my friends .
that is good . i still live with my parents , dating is hard, if I could, I would move out and live independently.
i would love to go to the beach with my co worker , i have a crush on them .
i love winter so i can stay inside to play rpg computer games .
thank you . i sometimes need an inhaler
asthma takes my breath away . i will , thank you .
i am 24 , how about you ?
i am doing well . i am planing on watching a movie today .
its about aliens invading the earth . i enjoy these types of flicks .
afterwards i am going to play chess with some friends .
interesting . it is my favorite hobby . i play it every saturday .
i own my own business . how about you ?
interesting . do you enjoy the type of work ?
if I hadn't dyed my hair, I might have chosen a more subtle color palette.
i am self employed . i drink about four mountain dew a day .
went to mcdonalds and ate too much
i should not eat it . how is the weather there ?
i hear you . i cannot wait for winter and lots of snow .
i hold my 6 year old passat will be able to handle the snow .
i am a weekend warrior . i love it .
i am in the National Guard . we do drills and such. I wish I could join the National Guard like you.
it is more interesting than my job in public affairs .
oh , very boring . what do you do ?
hi , i work as an army ranger so not much time to watch movies .
sounds awesome ! i am married with kids so money would be nice, but I wish I could spend more time with my wife and kids back in the states.
when i am on long trips i do not eat either
right , sorry i forgot the meat part .
because bacon awesome and it is so freaking good .
back in the states my wife makes bacon all the time .
yes , but I like deployments it helps me forget every day life .
hi ! i am working on my puzzles . do you like puzzles like i do ?
jigsaw mostly . i am also an aspiring fiction writer . and a teacher . you ?
cool . do you like music ? i love country .
arts crafts . is your dad still alive ? mine works at home depot .
impressive ! if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to time travel.
none . they do not interest me .
love them ! i think i like all types . you ?
did you see baby driver ?
i am doing good . they should sell salads more at mcdonalds where i work !
i try to when i am not playing video games . i like playing football, if only I could take my iguana to play football with us.
mainly games based on star wars , my favorite movie
i heard that too . my pet iguana is so excited
you should come with us ! we can play video games or football afterwards
what else do you enjoy ?
maybe you should put in some suggestions to mcdonalds
no , i need time for video games and fluffy , my iguana
hello ho ware you today
i am ray i just got back from the gym , i go on a regular basis
i am headed to bed , i like to read before bed , mostly autobiographies
when i get up i am going to cook some chicken and rice ,
you will need contacts if you go to a metallica concert , they are my favorite
you should cook more it cost alot less to do that
that is awesome , what do you look like robin
yes it is hard , how old are you ?
i love purple , my name is john .
i am fine and you ? do you like science ? i do not
that sounds like a song from prince . anything related to purple i love .
do you mean mustangs ? i got two , love them cool american muscles
my father is an ups worker and yours ?
If I had pursued my passion for music, I might have ended up performing in a band.
headed to bed earlier that i would like ! womp ! whos on fallon ?
i did watch when gal was on wonder woman . gotta love military girls !
so do i . flying , mostly . but also maybe the power to explode things . like cyclopes .
well , work tomorrow , gotta get early to the base . packed brownies for lunch, if only I could bring my kitten to work with me every day.
brownies are great ! what are you up to tomorrow ?
yes , they do that what do you do ?
do you ever travel for work ?
just hanging out by myself . i like alone time . how about you ?
my mom died recently , and i miss her . i like spending time with my husband, but I wish I could reconnect with my mother and share my love of yoga with her.
about twenty years . we were high school sweethearts . are you married ?
that sounds cool ! i am a yoga instructor . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to keep up on my tv shows , mostly . do you have any pets ?
no , i do not have any pets either .
i am just hanging out here in my little country house .
mostly i like to take care of my horse . her name is beauty. I wish I could travel to Japan to see the cherry blossoms with my horse Beauty.
wow ! ! my husband said he would buy me a new laptop when he gets back from afghanistan .
yeah he is in the army . everyone loves chocolate i know my father did !
no , he is still alive and preaching in the church . he just does not like chocolate anymore .
i do not know , its crazy . i keep using apostrophes .
thanks for chatting with me you seem very interesting .
let me know if you meet any aliens !
hi there , that is great ! nice to be home ! tell me more about you ?
i have never been to the beach , i am from montana . you ?
i work in an office . i love to hike and climb . any pets ?
i have a parrot named todd . any brothers or sisters ? i am the oldest of five kids !
sorry for that . well i am sort of disappointment to my family anyway, but I wish I had pursued a career in mountain guiding instead of working in an office.
i think they want me to be more responsible . do you like your job ?
yes , for sure . that is why i love to hike and climb , clear my mind !
good . i am going fishing today which i love .
i am still in school .
i hang out with my mom a lot .
my mom works in law and i want to also . If I hadn't pursued law like my mom, I might have explored a career in computer science.
i think i could help people like my mom does .
i want to do that with my life .
i like lots of things but am busy with school .
not bad and you ? was just thinking about work
do you have pets ? i have a dog, if I could have any pet, I would love to have a golden retriever like yours.
cool i like cats i go hiking on the weekends
oh where you moving to ?
do you have an hobbies ? i dabble in writing
that is a pretty chill thing to do
do you have any plans tonight ?
i am a stay at home mom
i wish i had a career though
what city are you from ?
i am in southern cali myself
yes i have been here all my life
i was born in va so i have been there
my parents moved there when i was 5
you should take a visit
i am well , just got back from trying a new mexican restaurant in town . how are you ?
it was ! i do ! i was born in switzerland and hiked there often, but I wish I could travel to Switzerland to hike with my siblings.
those are fun ! i do both with my siblings . i have 15 !
i do ! did you attend college ?
oh wow that is awesome ! where did you learn that ?
it does ! a reader encouraged me to follow my dreams .
yes i love that ! thanks to them i went to culinary school !
absolutely . so what is your favorite food ?
great how are you ? taking a break between classes now
commute for work or school ? what do you do
i do the same on my drive . i always leave way early , i am never late ! lol
medicine for what ? yes that is important !
oh my family has a lot of diabetics . which led me to grad school to be a doctor, if I could, I would adopt all the dogs from the shelter.
what do you do for fun ?
i love volunteering with the dogs at the local shelter .
i am more of a dog person , love their playful personalities ! cats are sweet though.
good . getting ready to go home in seattle .
it does . what kind of work do you do ?
maybe . what is your favorite food ?
big fan of lobster . do you like lobster ?
i have a job at google . how about you ?
I wish I could work on creating art installations instead of coding all day.
it is fun . do you have hobbies ?
running . what kind of toys ?
doing well . thinking about getting my hair done .
i earn a living serving cup of joes, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to own a dance studio.
wow . that is very impressive . you must be smart .
i will keep that in mind if i ever need a judge . ha ha !
will do . what kind of car does a judge drive ?
i am sure it is ! beat my toyota any day !
that is nice too . what does she do for a living ?
i have been busy writing . how are you ?
i am listening to heavy metal with my fiancee , who i met in high school, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of writing.
i have been with mine for a few years . my parents in kentucky do not approve .
you could become an olympian if you stick with it . i write freelance .
what are you interested in ?
i had a kitty once who had spots on his side like cow spots .
i used to call him cow kitty , but his name was actually dumbledore .
our other cat was hufflepuff . her character fit , although we did not know when we named her .
i am doing well , just finished a work out .
i like to lift weights but squats are not for me .
is that what you do for work ?
i am about to enter the police academy . this upcoming summer, but I wish I could indulge in a cheat meal once in a while.
what do you drive now
i drive a fiat .
mine is a boring white . i ca
what do you enjoy to eat ?
i have an alabama iguana as a pet, but if I was wealthy, I would have a whole zoo of exotic pets.
i grew up in nicaragua so i am poor .
that is good , i disowned my brother last year
i keep my dog in the closet , i want to train him to read .
music is cool , i like to give people nicknames . . .
i shall call you stuart
i do not know , it just came to me
just watching my favorite sport , hockey, but I wish I had pursued a career in sports journalism instead of my current job.
the admirals are winning . i hope your using vegan creamer .
really , i am vegan now but used to eat meat all the time .
are you into yoga ? i go all the time .
i highly recommend that . yoga and sports .
oh no , a recent break up ?
hello how are you this late night ?
i go for a 30 minutes swim after every track practice .
the doctor prescribed me high cholesterol medicine today .
i just had to buy new bifocal glasses today .
i travel once a year due to my busy life .
what does ufc stand for ?
i am a teacher at a preschool .
okay i know who you are talking about .
what ? please . i have a new project with big data i am working on
i refuse to talk to my family , they are fools . this big data job will free us .
can i live at his house ? i need somewhere to finish this prog job
i should translate on the side. I wish I had the opportunity to visit my family more often, but my work keeps me busy with travel.
i will travel there tomorrow .
whatever you have when i arrive . this job will free us all !
hello how are you doing tonight , just came out work , am a waitress, but if I didn't work as a waitress, I would pursue a career in illustration.
i can imagine , that be good to do in north dakota , where i live
mine is to draw all day
monsters and comic and everything fiction
that is so good , i like pancakes a lot
yes , love to it , and make comics as well
yes , two cats and 4 dogs
hello there ! junk food is my favorite ! i eat it all the time !
better study more ! i am pretty lazy , i do not work and on the couch all day, if only I had the motivation to exercise regularly.
i do not know who that is . do you watch the walking dead ? i love that show !
it is basically one of my couch potato shows . i just totally veg out binge .
i have netflix and hulu . basically covers all my needs
see what ? the walking dead ? it should be on netflix !
i am not sure , tv shows , horror maybe ?
no problem , it is a really awesome show
i am good . working in the lab . how about you ?
what type of people do you get autographs from ? anybody or specific groups ?
i am a gymnast for a hobby , as i guy its is good i am tall , but if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have pursued a career in professional sports.
i am a scientist like my parents . what do you do for a living ?
do you want to get a job in that field eventually ?
are snakes dusty ? i do not know much about them .
i am great ! how are you ?
i am from california , but just moved to florida . what about you ?
love it there ! i was a nurse when i lived there, but if I could go back, I would still be a nurse in California.
maybe , now i do cartography instead in florida
i do i have a doberman that i arm wrestle with , do you ?
i love dogs too ! so much .
doing great thanks . what have you been up to lately ?
re-evaluating where i am in life and bug watching .
i read some books about military and politics . what do you read ?
t. benedict is a great biography about a navy admiral . it is worth the read . butterflies .
i started after i ran for lt. governor in 2004 . I used to collect bugs in jars, but now I prefer observing them in their natural habitat.
fun in the sun ! how do you like lifeguarding ?
awesome . i felt great helping people fix their cars for 6 years .
well , i did not get elected . it was a fun race though.
great , not really , cool i sing in the choir
i do not work really just in music
i love mushrooms because my dad hunts for mushrooms. i wish there was a scholarship for mushroom hunting.
i do not workout but i eat very healthy
wow that is incredible , i hope to do the same in music
yes i am most def doing that
haha , seems you workout all the time
who is speckled ? i am more of a paint and canvas type of person myself .
i am always down for a new tattoo . so you like cats ?
conservative workplaces are the worst . i love all cats . can you guess how many i have ?
both good guesses . 23 actually . i rescue them .
misty , bubbles , mr . tinder , one eyed jack . the only downside is they love fish . i hate fish .
do you like to travel ?
i once took a year off of work and sailed around the world . it was amazing ! If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to take you with me on that year-long sailing trip around the world.
next time . have you sailed before ?
worn out by the game tonight . i play for the minnesota wolves .
i was just drafted last year . i already get 55 mil just to dribble .
5 mil ! 55 , i wish . no tofu for me . my studies take up too much time .
proofreading , but it is not going too well , as you can see .
i also should have finished my degree by now , but it is taking a while .
just a basketball down the court .
nice . when i finish at unc maybe i will get one of those .
it is a bit of a commute from unc n carolina to minnesota .
hello . doing great . how are you ?
what kind of sports do you like ?
that is very cool . i enjoy fishing .
i just finished college . hope to travel soon .
hawaii would be neat .
yes . thank you for the chat .
have a great rest of your day .
its bob or nature bob as my friends call me . If I could choose one place to live forever, it would be a cabin in the woods by the lake.
suburbs . but i like to go to state or national parks whenever possible .
bowling that is fun ! i enjoy that when i am not vacationing somewhere .
too bad . but i am a bit of a loner anyway . cabin paddleboard . . i am happy .
that is admirable . good you have a good job . single parenting is hard .
guess that is why i am alone . i can travel the world and enjoy nature .
nothing more than an aggressive fish when swimming or paddleboarding , lol
you sound like a very good person who needs a weekend off .
hello , i am 23 . how about you ?
lucky you . do you have a big family ?
that is good . i wish i had many friends .
yes , i do . and thanks ! what do you want to do when you grow up ?
well , what do you like ? sports ? science ?
maybe you can become a vet , then .
yes , a super doctor who comes to te rescue .
you said you live in a big house , maybe you can keep them .
yes , i have been practicing my new found piano skills .
i wish i could cook . maybe then i would not eat so much chocolate .
i should learn then . chocolate is my favorite .
i do . i work as a school psychologist .
what did she teach ? my mom stayed home with my and my 3 older siblings
that is cool . we can all learn something new always .
i love reading . currently learning to read music and play piano .
how are you doing tonight
what kind of uniform u wear
that is cool i have a mazda
damn that is good do u have a family
i have 1 brother and a sister but i am the oldest
i like to play sports and bake, but i wish I could draw as beautifully as you do.
mine is pink and baby blue
hi i just graduated and got accepted into college
thank you ! congrats to him too . i am majoring in science to become a doctor
i look forward in the fall i get to go to university of michigan, but if I had more time, I would love to travel the world in the summer.
are there any good places for tacos i love those
i am gonna try that second i get a chance
you sound like a very cool person thank you i look forward to seeing you
it was nice talking to you too . what kind of food do you like ?
doing good just got back from my daily 2 mile run . how are you ?
i used to bike and play football in college . that was before i got married .
yeah now i just run in the mornings and spend time with her being republican, but if I hadn't gotten married, I might have pursued a career in politics.
beats spending the day working in the candy shop . what do you do for work ?
how do you do that ?
what else do you do ?
what do you draw mostly ?
5 years ago i got married and that took away most of my hobbies.
hello , i am doing well . just got off work , how about you ?
i work at a law office , an attorney there . cupcakes , yum !
it can be stressful at times , hah . what do you do for fun ?
is that at your place or some other place ?
hah ! I am bald, so I would not have the same problem ! If I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have a colorful head of hair.
i exercise a lot , and greatly enjoy going to comedies .
i am right there with you . i exercise but i eat more than i burn lol
yes its very sunny nice day for a swim ! ! i enjoy it ! ! if I could, I would love to swim in a pool of green eggs and ham
oh cool ! ! chips are good ! ! do you cook ? i like cooking
oh nice coffee plantation ! ! ! i cut my pink toe ! ! now its missing
oh that is true i still can run ! ! do you like green eggs and ham ?
sam i am ! ! ! i hate green eggs and ham ! !
as long as you have time for you know ! !
i do not really know i am new . but this one is cool to me
easy lemon squeeze ! i did not like the buds either
yeah its weird ! ! but I do enjoy the chatting !
no i do not plan to it is a little overrated to me
true the candy is alway great , the cost is what overrated
but may be i can make my own dr seuss costume with my clothes
okay you have a good day nice talking with you !
i am just watching some tv .
i like romantic comedies . are you married ?
hang out with my husband . we were high school sweethearts , but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field like music production.
i like most music . i am a first grade teacher , you ?
what do you do for a living ?
oh , how do you like it ?
what is your favorite drink ?
my kids are always loud in class .
well , and you ? what do you do for a living ?
i love to cook ! it is one of my favorite hobbies .
anything when my cat is not getting in the way . his name is kj .
just the one . too hard to have multiple because we have moved so much .
which state is your favorite ? i have lived in many .
my husband worked in sales , so we have mostly lived in urban settings .
i wish we could have lived in more rural areas . too hard as a nurse .
oh really ? i imagine you got to do a fair bit of travelling then .
hi . i am good . loving this sat . how are your ?
nice . what city are you in ?
wow cannot get much farther away . . . i am in san francisco .
yeah . i will see your airport though when i layover on my vacation next month . I wish I had more time to explore art galleries in Paris.
ready for this ? paris ! not my idea , my sisters . i am a lot nervous .
yeah , she has a list of must see stuff . do you like to travel ?
lol friends of all kinds are good for traveling with .
i am great ! been working at the zoo all day . how are you ?
that sounds fun ! what do you plan to do while there ?
ah yes ! that is a good plan
i would sit by the pool and read a crime novel and enjoy the vacation, but I wish I could travel to China to see pandas in their natural habitat.
that is so nice of you !
i am missing two toes on my right foot , makes it hard to hike , sad !
perfect idea ! i will read my novels while you hike and explore nature
no . i work a lot at the zoo , especially with the pandas , my favorite.
i am doing fine , thanks . i am a bartender . what do you do ?
how do you feel about retiring ? do you like the job ?
yes , more time for doing things you enjoy . i like reading myself .
anything historical . civil war , depression era .
true . have you ever tried writing poetry ? I wish I had more time to pursue my love of painting and maybe even have my own art studio.
i started , quite unexpectedly , when i was in the marines . it helped to cope.
i am in a family band and piercings, but I wish I could travel the world with my family band.
what do you do for fun ?
working as a barista and my music
congrats ! nothing that great in my life
none , just my grunge band
neat , my folks teach so i am good at that too
never , where have been other than paris ?
hey ! nah not really . i only read what is my high school assigns . you ?
wow , thanks for serving ! what kind of food did you eat in the army ?
did they ever give you pizza ? that is my favorite !
cool ! i like to skateboard at construction places . sick ramps !
definitely ! took a while to get into. If I could change one thing about my hobby, it would be to have more time for skateboarding.
about four years . i started at the beginning of high school
hang out with friends . do you have any siblings ?
hi , it is going , name is bret and i sing in the church choir
yeah , it is . i have lived in trailer parks most of my life .
i am a truck driver , i do not see my kids though, if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more flexibility to spend time with my kids.
that is awesome thing to do . i miss my three kids . i also enjoy hot wings .
they are good . are you allergic to all shellfish ? they are at home
wow that does not sound good . i am in tennessee . how about you ?
i live in tennessee that is where i am at .
thanks it is hard to get days off . its just been supporting the family .
i am well , how are you ?
i am good . i just got back from the coffee shop . i needed my morning cup
yup that is true . so do you have any plans today ?
i am going apple picking with my kids .
me too . my friends invite me , but i would prefer to go alone
i have never heard of that before
sounds cool . i am a little more competitive . I wish I could join a competitive coffee tasting competition.
my son always says he wants to be an astronaut
sometimes i fell like a motherless child
i am a cajun chef born and raised on the bayou , fits my circumstances
well there is shrimp gumbo , shrimp cresol , ship scampi
you should meet my parrot , his name is parrot
jazz . claro que si . do you think balding is a big issue
so i am bald is that a bad thing ?
cool . that is what i thought . but people make it a big deal
I wish my mother appreciated my passion for cooking.
great , just got back from the gym . how are you ?
nah , i like the weights . get my music on , lift heavy stuff .
no carbs for me . you work out , too ?
yeah , i grew up in the south , lots of outdoors there . you ?
the head banging kind ! lol what do you like ? If I had pursued a career in music, I would have loved to be a metal singer.
hey . where are you from ?
southern us , mostly kentucky . its a great area .
hey , i thought you liked britney ! lol john denver , right ?
yes , i am fine , and you ?
i love to read and write poems
that sounds fun , what else do you like to do ?
who is your favorite actor or actress ?
my favorite show is the voice and jeopardy
i am a stay at home mom as well , its awesome, but if I had more time, I would love to start a community garden project.
well , i have not had as busy of a day . . i mainly watch my favorite sport , hockey, but if I could choose a different favorite sport, it would be soccer.
i try to avoid sugar and eat a somewhat balanced diet . that sounds good !
that sounds yummy . you are making me hungry .
oh wow ! that is certainly a lot in one day .
wow , you are a real health conscious person . that is important .
nothing much . just watching some hockey classics online .
i am not doing that well . i am so dissatisfied with my school life
i am still in high school , but wish i was a bit older and could move out
not really , my dad is so strict i cant do anything .
he is too strict for me , so much so , i have only one close friend
yes , that is why we are still friends i guess
do you , tell me more about it
that is great . what else do you enjoy ?
i wish i could go with you
i am fine . i do comedy in my spare time. I wish I could join a comedy club and perform on stage someday.
i am 47 years old and drive a honda civic .
nice , i have 3 tabbies.
yes they are . i love cat shaped candy .
grape . i deliver for fedex .
what do you do for fun ?
i am already tanned naturally.
sure , tell me where you live ? i just moved back in with my parents , ugh !
my folks are great for helping , i am recently out of work and am looking .
well its nice but hard , i like both men and women so its hard with dating .
do you gamble much , losing money would make me sad and i would need help .
what kind of art , anything interesting ?
i wonder if i could get an art job ? i need something new and different .
middle school is a tough age , lots of emotions . i have a degree in biology .
i may give it a try , do you have any pets ? I wish I could adopt a pet for company and emotional support.
hey there . oddly , i crochet , i have a online shop on the side , you ?
i am more of a singing person when it comes to music . whats your favorite color
red ! its like an obsession , red lipstick , purse , hair , even my car. If I could change my car color, I would go for a vibrant blue to match my personality.
harry potter is one my favorite things ever , even have a tattoo
that is pretty cool , what are your favorite things to do ?
i used to love swimming , refused to do swim team though
do you perform ? you should find a team to join if you enjoy it
oh no , they all practice early around here and i am a night person
i am doing ok i am sorry to hear about your cat
oh no ! will your cat be ok ?
hopeful you do not have to take her to the vet , what else are you up to ?
that sounds relaxing i am going to do some writing, but If only I could quit my job and pursue my passion for writing full time.
its just a hobby , but hopefully one day it will be a profession !
thank you right now i am working on a children's story.
i am doing well . how are you ?
good to hear ! where do you work ?
no i am single . maybe in time , though .
oh that is great ! how is she ?
should we meet , i can tell some jokes . love making people laugh. If only I could travel the world and spread joy with my jokes.
deal ! you will probably find me volunteering or working in the factory .
factory work , spare time spent volunteering and trying to change things in the world.
i drive a fiat . they remind me of home, but if I could go back in time, I would learn to cook with my parents in Italy.
yea , i moved to america as a teenager so we did not have many around .
no , i spend most my free time cooking .
there is always time to learn !
i do not know what kind of cooking you are doing
you do not have to use it .
do you have any children ?
its been good than , hbu ?
that does not sound like a balanced diet
what do you do for a living ?
i am retired now . being a cop must be rough
i try to stay busy with gardening and grandkids
yes i read 50 shades of grey, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of pharmacy.
i would be better if my friends would buy their own beers . how about you ?
well it barely gets cold here in san francisco .
i guess they could in the zoo or ocean . i wish my wife was in the zoo .
no she would not be no good csi . she is the reason i got this fat guy .
do you know what hot sweaty farts smell like out here ? they smell good .
i like to smell them . not my fault you do not like to smell farts . its normal .
i am fine . just playing with my 3 cats .
a mini van . if i was not a secretary , i would drive sports car .
right on ! my hobbies are swimming and cooking . you ?
i am an insider , love to eat and favorite food is tacos .
pizza is good too . like my pizza greasy , how about you ?
yes , me too . the party slices some pizza places call it .
i know right . the square slices are the best .
not great , my hair turned out purple . . . you ? If only I could dye my hair red like I always wanted.
i love red . . so i was upset it did not turn out
i do two turtles . . . scarlet and rhett . you ?
my turtles eat bugs sorry
wow . . . tough bugs . have you watched any good films lately
that is ambitious . . . . any luck with that ?
sorry to hear that . that takes a lot of work and time
i could use a new computer , mine like my favorite movie is gone with the wind.
about to head to costco , my favorite place to shop .
what do you do for work ?
this is true nine to five as a literal salesman of snake oil . a supplement, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a more creative field.
where do those footsteps lead ?
i like a cashier at my bank . i stare at her at a distance to flirt .
you are friends , i would imagine .
do you listen to music ? i like jacob s .
he is a sensation , jacob s.
good morning , just came back from the gym . how are you ?
lol . that is okay , my mother teaches music . i play bass guitar .
she dresses is all black , she is also a brujeria .
i love fishing and cheeseburgers .
i had pasta and salad .
italian is okay , i prefer japanese . If I could change one thing about my routine, I would start painting more often.
maybe . only you know for sure .
good how are you ?
taking care of my five kiddos
all under 10
you just have to get a good exercise routine down that you like
haha i feel like that just comes with age and so many things are stressful
so true ! !
i am a pretty avid gardener, but I wish I could find more time to read Agatha Christie novels.
it does but i love how the garden looks when i am done.
i am not good i just shot a lion today . i shot him in the toe
i know but he is ok . then i just watched gone with the wind and i cried
i love dogs . i make clay models of all my dogs and they look very life like
yes i need someone to dog sit for them when i go to climb mount everest
its nice at mount everest as well you should try climbing
i am the same way
i do not drink either it makes me depressed, I wish I could travel to the African savannah to see lions in their natural habitat.
i am good how are you
i am steve i have big muscles
sorry to hear that , why ?
do you like to run
you have to do it to be powerful like me
but they make a plan
thanks you are funny as well, I wish I enjoyed eating veggies like you.
fine , but the red sox lost .
very much so , as are my two siblings .
thanks anyway . do you have pets ? i have a dog .
wow ! i would get a tattoo , but right now i am looking for a job , so no time, if I had more money, I would adopt a whole pack of dogs.
i am worried that my short stature will make me look weak .
thanks . i will be okay , i will wear my lucky tie . its red , my favorite color .
not much . being out of work , i have no money .
i am alright . just winding down after a hectic night . you ?
my mother just arrived from saudi arabia to live with my family . daughters are upset .
outside of dubai . my daughters say i am a good mom but hate sharing a room .
it is a beautiful city . and , i try to be . . . just cannot afford a bigger house atm, if I had more space, I would love to start a baking business from home.
2 bedroom house with 4 people now . what kind of music ?
that does sound quite interesting
i have always been partial to the cramps and the reverend horton heat . yourself ?
out of those , i know who the beach boys are .
i am fine , how are you today ?
i love to nap , i need it after my long shifts . what do you do for work ?
i work as a paramedic , so we get a lot of stress on the job .
of all the bands , the beatles are my favorite . are you like them ?
yeah , i am doing it to put myself through nursing school .
i could listen to their music all day long !
i have to help support my 3 little sisters since my parents passed away
ok . about to take my medicine and go get new glasses .
playing donkey kong , i got mad and threw the glasses that i wear, but I wish I could spend more time on video games rather than running track.
sometimes , but i do like swimming in pool and running .
traveling is fun . i am a track star in high school . that is fun .
that is great ! i was thinking about becoming a nurse .
not yet . i have to take some tests first .
oh i play that too . but i do try to get outside more .
same here . it is all good . i like to try different things .
i am good thanks . just got home from work .
think yourself lucky , i went to special school cos i am blind . so dull, but I wish I could see the colors of the sunset like everyone else.
i am a radio dj . i have an assistant and everything labelled in braille . it works !
oh really ? what do you play ?
nope , i always wanted to be a dj . radio was my lifeline as a kid .
whats your favourite movie of all time ?
i do not have any pets , but i love dogs ! i teach at an elementary school, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a Shiba Inu, a Japanese breed.
so cool ! my parents are actually from japan ! where are you from ?
i love shopping in japan when i go to visit ! i am in canada , in toronto now .
things can be tough ! i always eat mcdonald french fries when i am sad .
i have my mom and dad . shopping with my mom is something i love !
they do miss it . do you get to visit ?
they do miss it . do you get to visit ?
you too ! thank you ! its nice to meet another teacher with roots in japan !
i am okay , craving some chocolate though .
i could play you a song, I wish I could play the violin like a professional.
no , i do not like red anything .
i will sing you a song .
i am not a good singer .
that is all you can do i guess
that is true . but i am lazy.
i am great , looking up new recipes to try . how are you ?
lucky ! i usually eat out but i just found out how much i like cooking haha .
how cute . what are your cats names ?
how nice . i have a dog named drake . do you like fashion ?
wow ! i love music . i play the drums to their songs sometimes haha, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
oh cool ! i have never seen a unicycle before .
that is very lucky . do you ever ride to rap music ?
cool ! i love rap music .
that is awesome i would love to be a cook . i am great at cooking, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to pursue my passion for cooking professionally.
yea my daughter loves classical jazz . not so much me though .
sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ? i sell paper products .
will ferrell is hilarious . do you like the taste of cheese , i hate it .
good for you ! how tall are you ? i am under 6 feet .
it is ok we both short . my daughter is tall . i do not know how .
no we both short . i was thinking about cooking up something . anything in mind ?
true i hope the male modeling works out for you .
my name is jack, i have a mean black ford truck
i am not bragging, it is a ford f150
are you mocking my name? do you have a ford truck?
so you do not have a ford truck!
i do not understand, what is your weakness?
i love desserts too, as long if it is in a shape of a ford black truck
great ! what about you ?
sounds good . i am going out on my boat and go fishing .
i eat lots of fish since i live at the ocean, but if I could, I would love to live in a snowy mountain cabin instead.
yum ! i like to read while on the beach too . i like jane austins books .
nice . maybe i will . i enjoy taking long walks in my tennis shoes too .
i see . what are you studying ?
i went free diving , its fun and dangerous . how about you ?
that sounds so fun . I wish I could live forever and travel the world to experience everything life has to offer.
i have got to ask , how tall are you ? i cannot date people shorter than me .
that is fine as long as my cute little dog and big cat are good with you .
i can certainly try , but i am not confident it will not be burnt . do you have any talents ?
i make mostly chicken stir fry .
haha good to know . thanks for talking .
great and how are you today ?
oh i see , did you have your coffee this morning ? i cannot do caffeine .
yep every morning , its my go to could be just psychological though
no , i cannot handle the caffeine . what do you do for a living ?
that is nice . if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of opening a pet store.
i have a small pet store . when i am not working i play the guitar.
hi i am great and yourself
oh ok , i understand i am here clipping coupons
yes they do and the amounts of money that they help you save oh my so awesome
i have a coupon organizer and everything
i try to be i am a tax preparer and a jack of all trades per se
i shop once a month and the savings are awesome
yes i can do your taxes if you like
not really , i spend most of my time with my son .
i love cats . i want a few .
i love to book and reading . especially cookbooks .
i get iron transfusions . ca not get wopsy with my epilepsy .
its a good idea . very helpful .
i have a service dog who helps me . his name is boomer .
yeah , not very good with their sixth sense .
neither is my son . he walks into walls haha .
i am great ! i granny is from denmark
oh my too lets go now
i love love and hate hate
if only my car was blue, I wouldn't have to deal with the weird smell.
um , my kitten hurts me
i really love eating grass
i love tn . i am in fl . now
that is good , its way too hot here
i am a woman , hear me roar ! i also am a mom .
i like to cook , but i hate baking !
i stay at home with my kid . she has down syndrome .
I wish I could travel the world with my daughter to show her all the beauty out there.
I also like to run . it makes me feel like i can get away .
check out face off on syfy . it will make you feel different .
i like whatever color you are .
you should probably not . it is not good for the world .
i live in utah with my 2 dogs .
i am not much of a musician . i am more into drawing and painting .
well i am not into hunting but i like to hike with the dogs .
i have 2 border collies . i actually brought them over from france when i was living there, if I could choose, I would live in a small village in the French countryside.
it is beautiful . have you ever been there ?
no but i would love to go !
well lets plan to go !
i do not . but i love italian .
hi , i am good . my best friend abigail and i start our first day of safety patrol tomorrow .
yes , i am only 10 years old . i will be in school for a while . lol
i like softball , but wish i could play hardball . is it hard to do gymnastics ?
we have a cat named kiki . i love her bunches and bunches .
kiki is a tiger striped cat . do you like reading ?
yes , i love all the harry potter books by j . k . rowling . read them all twice .
i am good , just practicing for band . how are you ?
what do you do for fun ? i love greys anatomy .
yes it is . i do not like that its on late . i need to be on a schedule
my mom usually watches it with me . how many cats do you have ?
anything sounds good to eat right now . what do you like to eat ?
chips are good . i am in a school band are you in any activities
that is nice . i never joined cheer, if I had more time, I would join the cheerleading squad too.
watching football on tv . you ?
i am a teacher and volleyball coach so i understand .
i love to crochet . making a scarf now . what are your hobbies ?
i like to go geocaching . have you ever done that ?
fun , like searching for treasure and it is great to be outdoors !
i do not have any dogs . one tortoise though
what is your favorite food ?
i like apples but they make me break out in hives . i wish I could join you for karaoke on Friday nights.
oh cool how are you ?
well that is not creepy at all
i want to be a vet, but if I could, I would have a house full of rescue animals.
thanks just do not drive them around
phew glad to know that . do you diet ?
how many pets do you have ?
i got 3 pets yo usee
ink really . i just wanna be a vet
i am excellent over here in new york . how is your day so far ?
no , i am not familiar with that show . i have been busy with work . what do you do ?
oh cool , i dance ballet professionally . i am retiring in 6 months though, but if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued acting.
i have studied it my whole life , my mother is one too . my family is very supportive .
yea , its good to have hobbies and passions . do you play an instrument ?
i played trombone in middle school . was not good . which is your favourite ?
i love how it sounds . so majestic and powerful . is it hard to learn ?
i guess that is true for anything , hard work and discipline get results .
hello , i am playing video games and chatting , how are you ?
do you have any pets ?
i do not have any cats , but i do have 2 wonderful dogs
i am a trained police officer , if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work with animals instead of bones all the time.
that sounds like a cool job , getting to see bones all the time
what is the most interesting case you have seen ?
ah , that sounds like a fun day at work xd
i like to take hunting trips with my brothers.
pretty bad . not while u attend tours
i love to paint with my 2 sons
that is sweet . you do not have to deal with a 20 years older husband
visiting museums is my thing, but if I didn't have children, I would spend all my time traveling the world.
well i got me two sons
i know . i think i love them.
i am good . i am katrina i am 21 years old and you ?
awesome i am not big on tv but i love dogs . my dogs name is lucky .
the subway is good . i own a restaurant i recently opened . what do you do ?
oh , i like to cook . i learned from my mother , she was from russia, but if I could go back in time, I would spend more time traveling the world with my mother.
beef stroganoff my mother passed away when i was 18 so i do it in her honor .
thank you . do you have any children ?
have you thought of adoption ?
hi i am kane it was great spend time with the wife and kids
i have two sons one wants to try to be an actor like i did, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in acting like my son.
there is a lot of traveling for the navy i am a baker
sometimes i make decent money but cannot wait to retire it gets boring at times
i love my wife very much she makes me smile the most
her name is lucille
ok hope you have a good rest of the day
i am great . how are you ?
what book series are you reading ?
no . what is it about ?
is it like harry potter
so it is like supernatural ?
i have a big family . i like spending time with them, but if I weren't afraid of the future, I would consider traveling the world alone.
i enjoy it a lot
oh good ! i almost have enough to move to australia, but I wish I could travel the world and volunteer in different countries.
ink . i am just ready to marry my boyfriend . gonna make me a mommy !
give blood in honor of the death of my sister .
oh , i jog too . do you like pizza ?
oh cool ! i work at the hippest joint in houston , come grab a slice !
nope . i am really active , reading . . . well , on a treadmill , ok i can do that
well , do not look too hard , i gotta man already . . .
nyc . but last month i started going to college and am busy taking three sciences
nice . wish i could . i am not even living in a dorm until next year . still at home
i have to . cant even drive . take the bus every day . not since highschool you ?
cool . sounds fun . whats your fav color
blue . are you an adult ?
yep . 23 . wish i was still a kid haha
oh i would love to hear it .
that is great . no need to hide that
good morning ! i am not a great dancer . i like bowling instead .
what else do you enjoy ?
i am pediatrician and i see a lot more children with asthma now .
yes ! i have 2 children and i am so glad they have not developed it yet .
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children ?
they require a lot of time . i spend most my time with them, but I wish I could spend more time pursuing my passion for painting.
it can be fun . what do you do for a living ?
that is great . we need more people who can work with their hands .
that sucks . i am a soccer goalie . how about you ?
cool i started on a new team last month .
i got 42 pets , which is the same as my number on the team . lol
i am not familiar with radiohead what does it mean ?
oh ok , for some reason i was thinking it was a piece of equipment lol
i wish I could play guitar in a band like Radiohead, but I like soccer, of course. Not much into music though.
you sound so in love
that is so great any plans for the weekend?
hello , i am doing very well thank you . how are you ?
oh , not me . they are nasty creatures filled with dirt and grime .
no , dogs are even worse . i must have a clean home and area .
i am not . i must have order and neatness , animals are not nice and orderly. I wish I could relax and let go of my need for control sometimes.
no , i do not like horses either . are you vegan ? i am .
that is gross to cook , all of that blood to clean up
are you a seventh day adventist too ?
would you like to come over for bible study sometime ?
waiting to go on a camping trip . and you ?
we are going to hike in the trees up to little house where we stay .
california where there is still lots of trees .
wow ! maybe you would like to go and paddle around in the water, if I could choose one place to live permanently, it would be in a cozy cabin in the woods on a lake.
retired now so lots of time to spend on the water .
do you do any water sports ?
i agree but also fun to use equipment in the water
yes , i also go overseas sometimes and see how other people live .
i have two dogs and birds
i have two parrots and two doves
ok , i love nature very much , you ?
outdoor , if I could, I would spend all my time outdoors exploring nature.
i love eating and go hiking
i do not like movies , i have full time worker
oh , good what is your favorite dish
i like pasta , chicken wings and pizza
i am well how are you
i used to wrestle want me to toss her around a bit, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for wrestling.
i am 25 and the same way so i understand
i have a kid so it is hard to find time to date here
really i did not know that thanks
that is pretty cool then i guess
wow that is so cool i am only 25 or i might get in that.
i am doing okay , how are you ?
i do not have a lot of time to read , my kid keeps me busy .
she is four and i am pregnant again . i get nervous letting her in the pool .
what do you do for a living ?
do you find it calming ? it sounds peaceful .
i stay home . my husband is an engineer and i raise the family .
i wish i was an artist but i do not think i am very good .
i am afraid i would be terrible and no one would like my art .
that is cool what are your hobbies
oh know that is never good
are you able to save a little money each week to pay it off
that is exciting do you have any plans
what kinds of food do you like ?
I love sushi and Chinese . you ?
birthdays are special i call everyone on there is
yeah , was thinking of making some spaghetti after getting back from karate class
sometimes , depends whether i was too tired from a long day at school
my best friend abigail loves meatballs . me , not so much . do you work ?
awesome ! i still go to school . i just started my safety patrol chore there . I wish I had more time to practice karate like you.
i take it you have not read harry potter then ? i love to read those .
guess you have a lot of time to kill between matches ?
that will take a lot of practice . i have no idea what i want to be yet .
yeah , my karate classes are very useful too . helps with some of the bullies at school .
you are very funny ! see you later !
hi ! i am michelle . what do you do ?
i love reading . but not anything law related
awesome ! i like works that relate to activism
it is what i focus on during my free time, but I wish I could pursue a career that aligns more with my passion for activism.
wow that is impressive . i am not artistic at all
what do you do for work ? i hate my job .
hopefully not a law student
good . do not go into law . it is horrible
no thanks , i have to go to work tommorrow , office, but if I could have any pet, I'd choose a parrot in vibrant orange feathers.
your wierd , enjoying my bed with my 3 cats eating a taco
and you want to go clubbing on a tueday , taco are good
in a pool swimming sounds good to me
damn that is a bummer ,
i would not either , but its ok , being a secretary you meet alot people
your funny , maybe one day.
try apple cider vinegar and baking soda ! works great for my suburban
only on girls night ! i will listen to anything with an apple martini in me !
oh my ! i have too many kids for a dog
well do you take your dog to soccer practice 3 times a week !
i wish ! in too busy at pta , my 4 book clubs and my brunch clubs .
maybe when i am on pinterest !
it can be . but my real dream is to design clothes in paris .
my black suburban says vinegar and baking soda all the way ! works wonders .
not too bad its nice on the west coast and yours ?
i work in retail how bout you ?
oh nice are you a pet owner ?
i have one she is spoiled
i try to catch a movie when i am free you ?
what type of music do you like ? If I wasn't working at Target, I would love to pursue a career in music.
cool i am a rock fan
i stay home now . i am working on a novel .
i want to publish it, but I often wonder what it would be like to travel the world as a translator.
go for it if it is your dream .
it is hard not to be supported .
which kinds do you want ?
i can understand that feeling .
i hope you start to feel better .
just keep at it and hopefully you will get where you want to be .
hi how are you today ?
what is your job eh ?
if I could choose any job, I would love to work at an animal rescue center.
oh i possess two dogs
they are just mutts . do you read books ?
what kind are they eh
crime stories are my favorite too
what do you do for work tho
hi there ! i am actually super tired . . . i never get enough sleep haha
haha thanks for the advice . i am actually a writer myself !
haha i actually write science fiction . what are some of your hobbies ?
sounds tiring ! i write and train horses if only I could find my true calling in life, like you have with training horses.
haha cars for me ! but i do spend a lot of time with horses too
i am more of a jeep guy haha
i am just fine just working on my video game project, but if I could go back in time, I might have pursued a career in astrophysics instead.
i am making a game for 5 year olds . reading and math
my wife who just lost her job in human resources cooks it in her free time
i made over 65 games dealing with magic . i love magic
card tricks . that is what will start my own company in gaming
its called magic games and apps
yes it is for all platforms
my son and his football team are playing on nbc . i will have a commerical after
hi its going pretty good how about you
i like dogs what kind are they
its all in how you treat them like all animals
i am a science treat at the local university got my masters a few years ago. I wish I could swim with Kid Rock, my favorite singer, one day.
teacher sorry about the typo . wow that is a great job
yeah what do you do in your spare time
good how are you doing ?
yes i am in a band
guitar and also sometimes drums
no at different times . . . lol . . . do you work ?
what type of work do you do ?
If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in film production.
what other type of work have you done
i am pretty good , just listening to my favorite singer . how about you ?
lady gaga ! org i could listen to her and madonna all day long, but I wish I could afford to travel and attend music festivals all around the world.
well , i go to several concerts across the country every year
of course , and i love visiting local spots to hear local bands play
i play piano but on my retail salary , i cannot afford too many instruments
maybe she will be famous one day
i am good . . how about you . .
aww . . . i like dogs too . . i have 3
sorry . . . where are you from ? ? how is you weekend going
i am in newyork . we went to a picnic today . . whether was good this morning, but if I could change one thing about my home, it would be to have a backyard pool for swimming.
you will love the place . . its gorgeous
yaa . . we use the trains quite often
not really . i like to stay home a lot but i might go out to eat .
me too . i want to go to outback . i love the blooming onion .
do you travel a lot ?
no i like to sleep a lot and i work overnights at a factory . If I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to socialize more with others.
no its just me . i had a girlfriend but she broke up with me .
i grew up in a big family but i prefer to be alone .
hello , sure . why not ? where are you located ?
that sounds nice . i am a factory worker , so i do not get many trips .
that is a hard language to learn , i speak a little russian .
oh , okay . i do not mind them .
i love the french , i am going to go there when i retire .
i think i will eventually move to france .
i do not know , i do not watch them .
I wish I had the energy to hike and enjoy nature like you do.
hi ! i am doing well ! how are you ?
i do not have any pets . my father never let me . he is a loser .
what did you name him or her ?
that is sweet ! do you like to travel ?
that is a good job to have . i hate traveling alone and want to go to rome . I wish I had the courage to visit Rome alone, just like Kurt Cobain's spirit.
that is a good idea . i could dress up in my dress and boots !
no not really . do you ?
i love to travel and dance the salsa .
engineer . but i took off for a few months to travel, if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in music.
cool . that sounds awesome . whats your favorite food ?
ll . that is interesting . i love pizza .
yeah it is quite unhealthy .
true . so do you like music ?
i am good . just got off work from the local pizza parlor .
my single mom used to make us cookies all the time .
i drink water most of the time .
i enjoy pizza , thankfully since i work a pizza place .
i wish I had pursued music professionally rather than working at the pizza parlor.
no , i just do it for fun . maybe one day .
rock and indie are my two favorite .
i need to go break some boards ! hay ya
although a nice puck in the mouth would work for me too . i am so angry .
my wife is stage 4 . how am i going to raise 3 kids alone ? I wish I could take my wife to the opera one last time before she gets too sick.
unfortunately all of my family is on the other side of the country .
i think i would rather go to the opera and sing along . its one of my passions .
that is what we are doing right now , is not it ? besides , i do not know your number .
text me the final score . who your team ?
great ! i went shopping today , did not have to work , went cloud watching
happy belated birthday to you !
oh that is just adorable
i wish i had a pet but i work too much
he probably works more than i do then , i am just a salesman
i shop and listen to jacob sartorius
he is just amazing is he not ? what sports do you like to play ?
hello how are you doing ? my cat felix and dog emmy say hello too
oh i love japan . i am in a small city wish i could travel .
i am a chef i love being behind the stove
i know the feeling my children moved out recently .
oh i think you would do just fine . are you into gardening ? i love planting new things .
nice , some plants live through the winter .
yes its so peaceful my pets love it too
its going good thanks for asking
i am from cali , have you ever been ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
are you married ? any kids ?
i have been married three times but if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have a family of my own.
i am doing well . hope you are also .
i did just get some good news about getting on the baseball team in college, but if I could choose a different sport, I would have picked soccer instead of baseball.
i really enjoy baseball . i will be shortstop .
i still live at home . i am nineteen .
what was the kid doing ?
not even sure what that means .
i also hang out with friends .
that is an odd goal to have but to each his own .
well . . i gotta tell the truth to somebody , i just have too
nice , that must be some interesting choices in underwear , i won the lottery
yeah , but i am super lazy and poor , my wife hates me , ink what to do
no she is a scumbag . i need her to be gone . what else do you do . . . I wish I had the courage to reveal my true passion for painting organic scenes with pretty trees.
she cheats . can you make her love you and steal her from me ?
do not you understand ? i do not care where you work . i will pay you .
omg . are you daft ? sure , whatever , rolling stones great . can you be my escape ! ?
you must not be able to understand millennials , grammar is flexible
haha , kids can be a nightmare ! i am good thanks .
not at the moment , hopefully one day !
i do not have any pets either !
i used to be a marine , currently working as a bartender . you ?
cool ! what do you do in your spare time ?
interesting , in my spare time i read books and write poetry, but if I weren't a vegetarian, I would love to try different cuisines around the world.
i like quite a few genres , mostly fiction .
wow ! mee , to . i am beaming ! i cud danse the hole nite long ! if I could, I would dance to country music all day long.
elements . arnt u glad they do not have to work in the cirkus anymore ?
i work for the humaine society on the weekends . i take dogs for walks .
bucket . . . grate name ! . . . do you call him bucky for short ?
duz he have his own u tube channel ?
o , yeh , that is rite , ur 12 . 12 yr olds do not use the internet much .
i work lifeguarding at a beach, but if I could choose another career path, I would love to work as a wildlife photographer capturing nature's beauty.
no i did not just from a training course.
i like to spread laughter and love to everywhere.
sounds interesting . i drive a yellow convertible sometimes in the rain.
i have not . i listen to katie perry in the shower.
a yellow toyota camry convertible.
i do like nature , like the ocean.
cool . i love dogs too . cannot take my dog deep sea diving , but I still love him . I wish I could bring my dog deep sea diving with me.
you were born in SF ? how old are you ? do you still live there ?
cool . i perform stand up sometimes in SF . fun city .
you get around . my dad founded the communist party branch in France . odd coincidence .
why are you going to Paris ? do they even serve French fries there ?
sounds like a well-deserved break ! with or without fries , lol .
i hope you have fun . if you sometime need a party planner , i got you .
cool . are you already packed ? need a sending off party ?
i am good thanks for asking
i go to school right now
what were you going to school for ?
what city are you from ?
i am from california . used to live in tx
no i moved a few years ago, but I wish I could cook like my grandma from Denmark.
i like watching movies and tv
i watch alot of reality tv
i love yoga . i teach too , private elementary children though , they take yoga .
sixth grade . they do not need to relax but i do i have ocd, and I wish I could overcome my OCD and live a more carefree life.
you are so giving . i could not , i am afraid they may contract diseases .
well everyone says i am some neurotic hypochondriac so i think i should not have kids
yes i am a vegan and i take my health very seriously
i do all the time , no i have not been . maybe one day . are you religious ?
i just converted to a seventh day adventist . its really welcoming
yea my mother was jewish and converted catholic for my father . its amazing .
hi i just for back from a walk with my best friend , my dog .
i live with my dad . i have not seen my mom since i was 3, but I wish I could find a rainbow and follow it to a pot of gold.
she is in a nut house now . i work as an accountant .
have you ever been to Ireland ? i want to go look for a leprechaun .
i believe they exist . i need to find a new hair stylist .
my hair is difficult . it is very curly and dark . i need someone with experience .
i just love to hang out with my dog ! you ?
not well . i have lost my mind . i always seem to be losing things lately . you ?
maybe . my favorite food is lutefisk . it is the best in the whole world . what is yours ?
cool . my favorite band is marduk . do you like music ?
nice . do you like to hike ? i find hiking on glaciers to be fun .
if I had a chance to start over, I would pursue a career in music.
lol . at least you are honest .
yes , that is exactly right .
is it a reptile or does it have fur ?
i love boas and had 2 geckos when i was a child it helps me make friends
ahh well i am too short for my boa its with my brother now
run track in my wheelchair so i keep fit, but I wish I could participate in a marathon one day.
ahh well being a chick i try to xbox but most people make fun of me online
its just the same offline being handicap , makes my stomach turn more then tomatoes
no since i was in elementary school i have a superpower my grandma used to call it
hi . i am well , how are you ?
welcome to the club . i bring home a book each night after work , and it does nothing .
i have 2 star symphony playing now . nothing .
i do not . i am apprenticing at a tattoo shop, but I wish I had learned to play an instrument growing up.
my daughter plays the sax and several other instruments .
she is 14 . she loves band .
we try . we are not vegans though .
i am a stay at home mom of two no getting off work here !
i write for my blog on the side , too . its a lifestyle blog for moms .
i would read it ! my husband is a committed environmentalist .
shopping at the farmers market is enjoyable for me , especially on the weekends .
i love dancing to good music . brings me back to my cheerleader days .
If I could go back, I would pursue a career in dancing professionally.
it has been great . my youtube channel just hit 50k subs !
really ? what did you graduate with ?
i bet . so do you want to teach or do research ?
oh ya ? what is that ?
is it related to biology ?
I make videos for YouTube subs . makeup tutorials, but if I didn't pursue makeup tutorials, I might have gone into beauty classes instead.
how was it ? do you happen to know a good lawyer ?
my deadbeat husband left me with our six kids . i am too old to work .
thanks . nothing this pint of ice cream will not help in the short term
i am 50 ! the only think i will run for willingly is my life .
really ? my kids are adopted , and all still very young . years left in the house !
i bet she is your world . my husband will miss out on all the good things .
i wish he had let me know earlier in our lives that he intended on leaving .
traveled the world and adopted children earlier .
good , thanks . how are you ?
same here ! i need to buy new ingredients to bake a cake for my daughters .
yes , i love baking and cooking ! i actually have three daughters aged 3 , 5 and 8 .
tennis sounds interesting ! yes , i am ! how about you ?
no , but I would love to have a cat. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to my mother's home country, Saudi Arabia.
that is so cute ! where are you from by the way ?
los angeles , although i am originally from saudi arabia . i love the sun !
i love to travel ! i want to go to paris and rome some day . do you ?
i am good . just hanging out with my pet snake skittles
i sure do . i love me some baby back ribs .
death valley . my dream is to build a house in the desert there .
i am a professional wrestler and video game designer . i love toronto .
no , but i watch a lot of their wrestling . i have always wanted to go . I wish I could skydive before I die. It's been a dream of mine for a while.
do you like video games ? i have a video game character designed after me .
what subject is your favorite to teach ?
it is one fun to demonstrate as well . i like history a lot myself .
i like to do my hair and makeup and try on current fashions .
what shape is your face ? highlights are awesome .
why are you not sleeping now ? its late .
short hair is probably good for sleeping . i have gorgeous long hair , blonde .
heck no , i spend time making it look the best . guys love to look at me .
yes , i am in tv commercials . working on modeling .
i do not eat much of that . i have to watch my perfect figure .
milkshakes make me breakout . i cannot have that
i like to run so that i can clear my head.
i am a great author who also likes to read
yes i drink green tea when i write
i love sweet tea also
i like mystery movies the best, but if I could choose, I would pick a thriller instead.
they help clear my head
it does help a great deal .
running helps with that also.
i spend my time babysitting for my neighbor . what do you do ?
computers are nifty tools . i am getting better at it every day .
what does h p stand for ? can you tell me what that means ?
oh wow , Hewlett . if i was not such an old lady I would try that too .
that is very nice of her . my social security check should come any day now . .
that is a great question . i think you can .
you really should . it helps pay utility bills and so forth . very helpful .
my best friend and i have a band together, but if only I could find more time for writing my songs.
maybe you could become one of our dancers ? i write my own songs
that sounds awesome . i have taken music for many years . i would like to try a cake
i do love to read when i have time
i totally understand that
i am in a band with my best friend
yes i am hardly ever home
hello , i am doing pretty good
not so much , i have never really been an athlete
that is good ! i am sure you keep in great shape
nice . i do not make much working at my local state bank
it is nice and quiet , yes . it is a good place to work
this might sound silly but i simply adore collecting antique teapots, but I wish I could travel the world with my cat by my side.
oh it is the highlight of my day !
just a lazy day how about you ?
sorry i did not understand you . i wish it would clear up so i could go out
mine didst either but to keep fit i just ride my bike to work
we are the neighbors that do that hard not be with a 6 year old
that is kind of obnoxious but it is not always on purpose . have you told them ?
noise canceling headphones were the answer when i was growing up
not too bad ! just got done walking my dog george . how are you ?
nice ! do you play as a hobby or in a band ?
ha ! thanks . he definitely fits the name . do you have any pets ?
that is interesting . why is that ?
ah, I would agree ! what do you do for a living ?
I am a retired cable worker . living the life on the beach .
yes ! just me and george haha ! I wish I could ride my bike along the coast every day.
where about are you from ?
naw , brah . just thumbs up
naw , man . i just skate all day . i barely even read for my classes
naw , brah . i do not read for fun . too busy crushing on my co worker, but I wish I could drive to the skate park with my crush.
brah , she is more interested in my sick skating tricks than books
skateboarder man ! tony hawk is my hero ! !
no prob bob . we gucci
naw , i just skate and spend all my money on candy
now you are speaking my language . what do you like ?
warm enough to still be wearing my flip flops . how about there ?
i am glad i love wearing my flip flops , but the sun rings out my freckles .
i get my love of the heat from my best friend . she is from tanzania . I wish I could visit Tanzania with my best friend.
that is what i have been told at least . do you have any hobbies ?
watching comedy movies . they make me laugh , which I love !
right now melisa mccarthy . you ?
fair enough . there are so many to choose from !
pretty good . i have been busy making deliveries most of the day, but if I could change one thing, I would love to have a ranch full of horses instead of delivering packages.
just here locally . i enjoy eating candy bars while i am on my route .
other than delivery , i spend time indoors with my three cats .
fluffy , allie and muffin . they do not like my honda though . they are not good car riders .
no , they run away ! i try to keep them inside as much as possible .
yes ! i try to keep the fleas off of them , by staying inside .
hey i am good . whats that song the village people sang from the 70s ?
oh , its just the gym that i work out at . how was the meeting ?
organic , non gmo , grass fed and finished . i like to eat during movies
i love the outdoors , its why i cut my hair short . feel the breeze
got any cats on that ac ridge ? I wish I could have a pet cat despite my allergies. Cats are so adorable.
you know i wrote a song called feline free . i am learning piano right now
i would not mind horses . tell me more about yourself
hi ! thank you . i live here in the white mountains of vermont . how about you ?
wow that sounds great . i practice law, but if I hadn't pursued law, I would have loved to become a pilot. so much less cool !
i know Utica i go to upstate NY to photograph sometimes
not far from Albany right ?
go orangemen ! i remember flying around there . good German food too
oh hey now , i grew up in an Italian neighborhood . . we can compete
hello there . my name is lucy . how are you ?
that is awesome . i am looking up vegetarian recipes. If I could eat only one fruit for the rest of my life, it would be pineapples.
awesome . what did you cook with ? my favorite is apples .
that is cool . do you cook with the skin of the apple ? i love it .
nice . i myself am single at the moment .
well thank you . do you have kids ?
very cool . well i have to get back to cooking . you have a great day .
i like to watch face off on the syfy channel, but I wish I could visit art galleries around the world.
no . i also like to cook but do not like to bake . and you ?
lol i love to have my kitchen organized
that would be a very interesting job
i love to run and that keeps me in shape
yes i do too nothing like it for sure
no do not travel and never been to new york
hi , i am david . how are you ?
interesting . i work in proofreading , quality control .
i love reading , hence the job . also a big sports fan .
i would love the beach right now . If I wasn't working, I'd be watching a football or hockey game.
sounds awesome . my parents can celebrate their 40th anniversary .
what happened to your hair ? ? ? ! ! !
wow unbelievable . its probably still nice being a red head
awesome ! i am glad you like it.
i am good watching replays of my brother he plays in the nfl
really i am also snacking on popcorn my favorite
i am a full time student unless riding horses count
that is good i wish i was not full time so i could have more time snowboarding
maybe becuase i get burned to easily with the sun i choose snow
lol so what are your plans for tomorrow ?
o that is nice hope you enjoy your self . what kind of movies do you like ?
romantic , comedy , drama since there is not much in my life lol
pretty good glad its my day off , i might play tennis later . you ?
i am a part time life guard , you ? yeah tennis is an awesome past time .
i love planes ! wish my dad could come back on one . . .
he works for the navy , so he is away alot . . we had plans too .
to go to chainsmokers concert i have been waiting all summer .
never heard of them , is it rock ?
awe , how sad , i thought about that too when i wanted to take up traveling .
yes , i want to visit jerusalem one day , maybe you could fly me there ? ;
you better hook a sister up with some first class seats
yes it has , see you !
driving fast somewhere in the corner, but I wish I could have the courage to try out extreme sports like skydiving.
i am lucky enough to beat death last time
yeah , but i am actually a giant with a gentle heart
oh wow , do it with my family with me
all art are cool and awesome
oh wow , for how long already ?
oh , how long it will take
wow , that s awesome i might do that too
that is awesome ! i am doing good . hard for me to hold a book !
i was in a car accident and i lost an arm . If I had both arms, I would love to try rock climbing.
when i was in college i watched football before i graduated . what do you do ?
i have my own set of land that i farm !
montana . youngest of my family . got 3 siblings . you ?
yeah ! i love to go on a nice long hike . and you ?
i am doing pretty good . why are you not so great ? ?
i hope she is okay . i will pray for her .
oh wow i will . i go every sunday at church and pray for everyone .
wow i can . i will tell my dad to as well . he is a preacher. I wish my favorite color was purple like yours.
good . do you have kids ? my 3 year old always cheers me up .
you still can ! i decorated her room purple everything ! my favorite .
i am sure . are you even able to work right now ?
that is hard . someone should start a go fund me for your family .
hi , 1 sister and 2 brother , married . fell in love already . i am vegan . you ?
hmmm . i am a lab tech with two brothers .
fertility lab . i sleep all the time . you sing ?
i see . virginia . john and wayne are my brothers . you dance ? i do .
oh okay . i married my husband quickly . he is vegan too. I wish I could travel back in time and experience love at first sight.
no . train riders . i wear a lab coat too . you cook fish ?
yes . i will win the lottery tonight . you military ?
hmmm . we will see . any pets ?
i am doing good . just got back from the animal shelter
no , i just visit often . i feel like i prefer animals to people, but I wish I could live in a cabin in the woods surrounded by animals.
do you have pets ? i have several different breeds
really ? not even animals , you should try watching some animal videos on the internet !
you should still try the videos always cheers me up or looking for wildlife outside
you should definitely look for wildlife when you bike , what else you like ?
really ? did you enjoy it . you should have videoed it and posted in online
i work a measly 40 hours a week at an automotive plant .
i enjoy relaxing in my living room watching the simpsons
my favorite food to eat is macaroni and cheese .
oh , meatloaf is a must ! except it is unaffordable to me .
it sure is . its hard when you only make above property on a family of 4 .
that is why i watch tv whilst sitting on the couch when i am off work . keeps me sane .
i like to invent things that get put into cars at the factory
nope , i wish they would put a mac and cheese dispenser in one .
i am doing great , just daydreaming about love, if only I could find someone who appreciates my daydreaming.
i do not have very good luck with relationships
maybe . motivation is such a struggle . i have 7 sisters
wow ! are any of your brothers single
at work i sit and daydream about finding my true love
i go to school . but i hate doing my homework .
i hope you will not slack off like me and will do your homework
i work too. but i daydream so much that i forget sometimes that i have a job
i am great , i just got the kids down for a nap . how are you ?
i have no idea what you are talking about . is that like chess ?
i own a horse named linux . i speak to her in code .
i actually live on a working farm . you must really like animals .
it is actually very hard work , but totally worth it .
you are so lucky ! i love hip hop . do you ?
sometimes i wish i could go back to working in the entertainment industry .
i am great . how are you ?
that sounds fun . do you do that often ?
i bet that it does . it takes a lot of coordination .
no but i like dolls, and I wish I could have a tea party with my dolls in a castle.
i like both . i like flowers too .
i like daisies . how about you ?
roses are pretty flowers . do you like picnics ?
i am playing the cello my mom taught me .
nice . did you get them anything blue ? i love blue .
i could come play for the party . as long as it is not on a weekend .
i go to concerts on every weekend that i can .
i could bring my stamp collection too . they might enjoy that .
that is really about it . cello , stamps , concerts . it is what I love. If I could choose a different hobby, I would love to learn how to paint.
i am sure you are ! tell me more !
i shop for things that are blue .
hi ! i am good ! just sitting in the silence and enjoying it . you ?
oh no ! i am so sorry . what was it ?
would a joke cheer you up ? i like simple ones .
here goes , i will say . knock knock
the cave dwelling , car driving , guy named fred from a cartoon .
i cannot remember but it was back during simpler times . I wish I could go back to those simpler times when life was less complicated.
it was a sad attempt but i like the simpler ones and prefer old cartoons
my friends watch south park and cartoons like it . i do not like them .
hey there pretty good , yourself
they are cool , not heavy into animals
haha possibly , i take you like animals ?
that is good , i am working on a bitcoin project , what you do for living
i invested in bitcoin at right time worked out , well you can always make money
yes i guess i could , i focus more on humans if i donate vs animals
o yeah over 100k to hurricane victims
yes very very , i also volunteered
good morning ! hope you are having a wonderful day !
aw that is too bad . try clarita ! it clears my two sons and husband right up ?
do you have any other animals ?
nice ! any puppies ? my dog just passed away . it is tearing me up. I wish I could travel the world with my dog by my side.
maybe it will be ok . my parents taught me to see the cup half full .
no . my house has a great yard that my dog loved to play in .
i would not like that . my dog would want lots of space !
fine what do you do for a living ?
you are talking to the second year quarterback for the philadelphia eagles
well . i am awful special and this year we are going to the playoffs
second year how long in the dress design business
i was just naturally gifted and just really special
huge pay . i am the most important person on the team
yes each family member owns a separate house.
i am great , how are you ? just finishing my mexican food .
always a good choice . so what do you do ?
not sure what that is . i pretty much stalk others on social media .
i work at a vet , but we do not have any dragons .
that is sad . i have 2 kids , so i have to talk to others .
exactly . hopefully you will have kids one day so you can chat .
what else are you into ?
i have been at google a long time, but I wish I could trade places with you, working at Google sounds like a dream come true.
you own 3 kids . i have days off
i am a resident of settle
i am sorry . i meant seattle
choir is not lame . and seattle is up north .
i think you have a not so good attitude
good because i like chicken wings
you go do that . i hope you have a great day
hi how are you i am fine
not really i grew up upstate and never really did much, but I wish I had pursued a career in fitness training instead of banking.
running is hard , i like sitting that is why i work at my local bank .
my father died , too much excercise , he used to work at the the same bank i do .
she died too we grew up together upstate , she died from too much excercise as well
yeah ever since my mom died from exercising . then my dog got ran over by a bicyclist
sorry to hear that , what happened ?
that sounds annoying . i do not have men in my family so it is hard to imagine .
my mother immigrated here from saudi arabia to get away from men , i understand .
clear right now . my daughter is coming over later to paint them .
maybe i will , i like green .
do you live in an attic ?
how interesting , i am glad you like it .
well i am in paris , france and i am engaged to be married . so i am great !
If I hadn't lost my job as a banker, I would have never discovered my passion for dance.
no since i was two i have danced so i will do that
no but the alphabet ? i can say it backwards !
no i do not but maybe one day .
ok do you teach redheads that is what color my hair is
is it hard to learn to surf
should i wear sun block ? i am fair skinned
oh that is fun , i love to fish in lakes
oh that is impressive ! and i love bacon
oh that sounds amazing . . i dropped out of college to travel, I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of dropping out of college
oh that sounds very nice . . i love being in the woods
i have never done that , looks hard
lol , well i am pretty clumsy
oh that is a great idea ! do you enjoy guitar ?
i am trying to learn guitar now . . some jimi hendrix
hey , i am good just got back from the bar with some friends . you ?
that is cool . good luck . i photograph dancers sometimes .
yeah that would be cool . do you have any tattoos ?
oh i get that . i have a full sleeve . my mom hates it. If I didn't have my dogs, I would probably have more tattoos.
Disney movies are fun . i always enjoyed Lady and the Tramp . dogs are my favorite .
yeah Disney is great . i named my 4 dogs after Disney characters .
Goofy , Mickey , Pluto , and Donald . we spend a lot of time together .
okay i would like that
i like to play with my wife at night, but I wish I could travel to space like Ender in 'Ender's Game'.
the philippines and iowa been in the philippines for the last 7 years
no work just the hits that is all i need
well this good work . i am a veteran and i have a garden
some and thank you i also like to read my favorite is 'Ender's Game'.
that is really weird , i love pistachio ice cream
that is crazy , i play with edged weapons
i travel a lot and i make friends along the way .
lol i think britney spears is the best singer in the world and I wish I could sing like Britney Spears.
i am studying to be a surgeon , that is why i watch surgery videos
well i think she has a wonderful voice
where are you from ? i am from chicago
hello ! i am also a teacher . i teach kindergarten in the us .
i am . do you like music ? if I could travel back in time, I would study music in college instead of early childhood education.
i love the music of the 1980s . my favorite band is the pretenders . do you know them ?
ah , i see . do you have any pets ?
that is too bad . i have a puppy , sometimes he is better than a gf .
he is a cocker spaniel . his name is tiki
i like to hike in the mountains . what about you ?
those are very good hobbies !
i love golfing and i work at a law firm .
i am married . how do you manage your alone time if you're married ?
i work corporate . i do not really like getting in the middle of drama, but I wish I had more time to spend with my children.
i have 3 . i do not get to spend much time with them due to my hours .
the hours keep me away from my children . i tend to work 80 plus hours
how many kids do you have ? i have all boys .
only when i wack myself with my golf club by accident . . .
yeah i like all kinds of music
he is good i listen to a lot of jazz since i am from new orleans
those are both nice things to do . do you work
that is nice i want to have kids one day
it sounds like that especially with horses
wheres your favorite place to camp
wow i need to get up there and check it out, if I could meet a vampire, I would ask for some palm reading tips.
good , where did you grow up . i lived next to the sea .
right on . i visited manhattan last summer . it is an awesome city to see .
i do not have a favorite . i cannot pick one . if I could choose any animal to have as a pet, it would be a dolphin.
i am a chef and i train dogs . . . not at the same time of course .
i do not think you like to paint with watercolors . i think your character does .
i share the same feelings about cooking and baking .
what is your favorite food ? i make a mean homemade pizza .
i would love to go rollerskating . but , where do you get good quality shoes ?
happy birthday ! what are you doing today
do you ride a bike or scooter ?
love to ride my scooter . used to game not anymore though .
you swim to get around ? do you live in water world
i am nick by the way . are you a dolphin .
amazing . do you listen to music ?
can do that underwater . music is not my thing .
strawberries are my favorite . love them .
sounds fun ! on the weekends i kayak at the lake . what do you do ?
do you chew your nails ? i do . it is such a bad habit .
how many schools have you attended ? navy brat here so i went to 16, but I wish I had the chance to attend fewer schools growing up.
cool ! i want to be a teacher for special education . so i am studying for it .
if you move to mars , can i visit ? i think it will happen one day .
how soon in the future do you think this would happen ?
what kind of video games do you play ?
what kind of guitar is it ?
if I didn't work in a factory, I would have pursued a career in music.
i am in the midwest . how about you ?
benn to nashville many times . do you have any hobbies ?
i love working on and driving my classic chevy
blue metal flake with white scallops . are you into cars ?
my wife and i are constantly traveling around the country showing the car
we where just at one last saturday i bought cucumbers and onions
i am actually allergic to tomatoes
yes , i do . i have a dog . what about you ?
i got my golden retriever from a shelter . what else do you do ?
that is great . i write fiction in my free time . do you work ?
i have an advertising job . my building needs a window washer if you are interested
you could braid it . my mom used to braid my hair before she died, if my mother were alive, she would have loved to meet you.
i am sure it would look nice .
what kind of dance ? exotic ?
no i have not , i have never been much of a reader .
my wife loves to read . i will have to suggest it .
that is interesting . where are you from ?
i own a small farm in grand rapids michigan .
yes it is , me , my wife , and kids love it here .
i have two boys , they love helping out with the cattle on our farm . I wish I had pursued a career in photography instead of farming.
yes , i love taking pictures of my three dogs , my cat , and kids .
great thank you . and yourself ?
i just finished a shift for a fast food restaurant near me .
yes , i have no car so i walk home 3 miles every night .
not right now , since the weather is nice , i like to walk . If I could, I would love to wear something purple while taking Krav Maga classes near my home.
the great big city of new york .
yes many people around all the time .
true . do you have a favorite color ?
i see
i taught my daughters how to bake some pie and cook a dish, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world.
that is just what i did today, its my passion. that is sad
not a lot , you have any plans this weekend ?
wood drinking !
yes
ok sounds good , see you soon
actually i do not read much , except maybe scenarios for d d . ever played ?
haha . well who does not love cupcakes . you should try playing a character ! different experience
there you go . then we could match . i love wearing purple . we would be intergalactic .
probably halflings . they are versatile and effective , and use their brain over brawn . If I weren't studying to be a doctor, I would pursue a career in music.
i am all about metal . . . love van haven . who do you listen to ?
nice . heart is actually pretty awesome i have to admit . what do you do for school work ?
i am great . thanks . on fall break and loving it .
i teach eighth grade at the middle school here in plantation . what do you do ?
oh boy me too . i prefer the symphony over everything else . If only I could pursue a career in music instead of teaching.
what kind of office is it that you work in ?
so sorry to hear that . i do not like mine either
what do you think of the president ?
not enough time or space . lol
not really . i sing in the choir and love to shop . i sound shallow
hello . how are you doing today ?
that is nice . did you like it there ?
i like watching television when i have free time .
i also like to play sports a lot, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the ocean.
i agree . i am from the west coast .
i have never heard of that .
i have crashed my car twice in my life, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live closer to the ocean.
i meant to say car by the way . i have no cats.
i do like music ! i like country !
i love dogs ! so crazy about me , if I didn't have to take those pills daily, I would love to go on a road trip across the country.
i detest driving ! ! ! i am almost 46 and have never driven
that is good , i am a teacher .
i teach at a middle school , 7th grade science .
yes they sure can be ! they keep me on my toes !
hi mary ellen ! would you like me to make you some coffee ?
i can help watch them ! i am in oregon though, if I could choose any city to live in, it would be New York City.
it is , but i can take some time off and visit !
maybe another time . my partner and I just bought a new house
apps partner . thank you ! we wil try
i understand headaches can be nasty
i want to complain because my coworker makes me angry
it is ok , so many issues in my life now , boyfriend , job etc .
construction is in your family blood , i hope to get marry again
nah , he wants an open relationship but not me
you should settle down , anyways she got promoted , not fair
its nice to fall in love , but too much stress now to think about that
i wish i am like you , my life is falling apart
finally some light into my darkness world . you are nice
sometimes . what do you sing
do they like when you sing
do you guys recycle at all
what kind of things do you collect
do you eat what you hunt
why is that ? i do not understand
what do you do when you shoot them, I wish I could explore the forests of California more often.
hi , i just came home from school , i am getting my teaching degree
i want to teach music , is that a video game ? If I were not pursuing my music industry degree, I would love to explore the world of gaming.
i like walks in the evening , so i can see the sun go down .
oh , i am not good at video games at all sorry
i have a park near me but it full of homeless people so i do not go .
my parents are in telecommunications but i like music .
i agree , that is way i spend so much time at school lol
i did not follow in my parents' footsteps lol
hello , i am fine thanks . how are you ?
yeah , i love it ! my cat , pickles , and i play box together .
that is great ! i enjoy swimming . i used to be really good in college .
not often , but it can be fun on occasion .
like a nice cuppa joe from starbucks !
he sure can , its my favorite
I wish I could go back in time and attend Woodstock with my parents.
indeed , have you ever been ?
i do . but my real passion is exploring . i aspire to be an explorer, but if I had the chance, I would love to explore the Amazon rainforest.
oh nice ! do you get scared easy ?
oh yes grandmas can be scary . i have been to india a lot .
oh nice ! i am a athlete so i travel a lot .
yes . sometimes . competition is good sometimes .
mine is blue . do you have a favorite color
hi ! how are you today ? i live in california .
i am in aa ! ! ! ! i am recovering !
that is very very depressing .
that is cool . i am retired . used to be a newspaper reporter, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in art instead of journalism.
no , but i have a girlfriend . she lives next door . you ?
that is not true ! you will find someone !
you should go to aa . .
fine just finished my movie how ate, if I could choose a different instrument, I might have gone for the guitar.
nice lindsey sterling is why i picked up violin
my favorite sunset color is red orange
my morals come from my grandmother she raised me
ouch only cult o follow is the show supernatural
my dad plays dungeons and dragons to me that is weird
ouch like a commune ? ? or something different
ohh totally not what i had in mind but wow
interesting . . . what do you do for living ? ?
great . . its really a great hobby, but if I had to choose another career, I would have loved to be a professional kayaker.
hm . . are you a graduate ?
where are you from now ?
wow . . that is kind of cool . .
how was the whether today in ny
fall is coming in . . i love that weather.
i am fine thank you for asking, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live by the beach and surf every day.
a nail technician that loves corvettes
and you what are you what are you do for a living
i love the fact that i can change my clients day
being your own stylus you get to try over the top
and it is almost free but we can be creative
congratulations i bet you it was a beautiful wedding
i was it lasted a year thank god it is over lol
hi ! i am doing well and you ?
very nice ! i do not draw but i love listening to metal music
cool ! do you like leather ? i have leather everything !
ahh i see , what do you do for work ?
nice ! i do not work and like to sleep in late
i have spiky black hair but want to change it . have any suggestions ?
mohawk sounds awesome ! if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have blonde hair.
i am good . just working out since i obsess on that and being the best .
if i am not eating healthy , i do not eat !
do you use instagram ? my posts need to look like i am having fun .
thanks . do you play soccer ? i am so good i got a scholarship for it !
I wish I could join a dance class to learn some new moves.
i do not dance . do you want people to think you are cool ? i do .
sure ! i am very good at it . i can teach you !
i need ideas i need to buy groceries
i love to cook hope it does not disconnect
yes i do wish there were more restaurants around
i have to always climb the stairs i live on the third floor
i am losing a lot of weight my legs look nice
i also have a lot of roommates it is stressful
do you have any pets ?
yes they are a lo of work
i am a writer and writing my first book . before the end of this year .
huh , thanks for telling me . i am a translator , and that is my profession .
or can say a professional translator . but things are taking another toll in my life
i mean me becoming an author , and that is what i am doing. If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in art.
i feel like i am not passionate about much after my career ended .
i mean i do go for morning or evening walks which help .
haha awesome ! that seems like it gets in the way .
that is something i never heard of before.
why do you want me to buy you a new car ?
i love you ? i hardly know you !
oh . i am pretty good with computers ; perhaps i can find a new car online
if my mother didn't need me, I would take you to a hockey game.
aww , you are sweet ! i can go , as long as my mother does not need me .
she was ? has she passed ?
nice . my mother is not able to work because she has to care for my grandmother .
good good .
astrophysicist you ?
nice . maybe you could write my life story .
i am like howard on big bang theory but never been to space, I wish I could go to space and have my dogs accompany me on the journey.
one day i will go to space and be considered an astronaut
see . and you could say this book is about my female astronaut friend
i aspire to be like neil tyson degrasse . his posters motivate me .
who do you look up to ?
oh me too . do not tell anyone but i slipped a little alcohol into mine
lindsey stirling never gets old ! you ?
i work with animals , specifically hippos . i would love to be reincarnated as one
no , i cant afford to until i kick my 2 packs of cigarettes a day . you ?
i wish i could go there . i am sure they have a place with great meatloaf !
i tell you meatloaf is something i could eat every day . hippos love it too
hippos are just great animals in general
other than those things , not much ! you ?
i am doing well ! how are you doing ?
have you watched any good movies lately ?
oh lame ! ! its a remake , right ?
yeah , he is getting up there in years !
cruise ones , the mission impossible ones and top gun, but I wish I could have seen more classic movies growing up.
yeah , i totally agree about that
hey there . what are your thoughts on transgender ?
i just ponder sometimes . what it would be like . I wish I had the courage to explore my identity without fear of rejection.
i do not know . i am not really sure who i am attracted to i guess
i am in school . i could not handle the rejection from my parents though
no i am in high school . do you understand your feelings ?
i am just so unsure of mine i guess
i am ok and how are you today
i think my gf is going to leave me
i think she found out i am bisexual .
i love playing the guitar do u play anything, if my parents had stayed in politics, I might have pursued a career in that field.
nice i love the outside too but i hate wearing pants
no not in school i love to read gresham books without pants
ll well i guess i just hate pants i like to let things breath
great , i am going swimming today its my favorite thing to do .
you can if you want the house i own has a pool , we can invite you over .
we have a bunch of dogs i sure care a lot about them . do you like dogs ?
bad eye sight ? i love the color purple some say it is my favorite
are you blind ? are you using text to speech ?
that is so cool is am so impressed .
if I could see colors, I think I would love to paint with all the shades of purple.
good thanks how are you
do you like to hike a lot
nice it is raining here
nice lets go do our nails, but I wish I could have a bigger family that I actually enjoy spending time with.
nice i am angry usually
just my temper it is fast like my car
everything and everyone you see
it is okay as long as i do not lose
my day is just fine , do you have any hobbies ?
that is great because i love my pet cat, but if only I could join a band like Nightish, that would be a dream come true!
that sounds like great exercise , i love to sit and read at home
yeah make sure to take care of yourself , try reading comics , i love them
yes its important , nightish is also one of my favorite brands , try it.
i do not know lol but it sounds like mouthwash or something
i do not have a car , i have a skateboard, but I wish I could skateboard like a pro.
no thanks , i do not eat any animal products .
most candy has some form of dairy . as a vegan i can not have that .
you should try skateboarding , it could help you lose weight .
you never know unless you try !
we could have a jam session . i love playing my guitar . do you play ?
do you listen to any music ?
i guess so , i like all music !
i am not a wine drinker i love some french vanilla coffee
do not like any wine
i am a nurse i have a cat named cow he is black and white, but I wish I could adopt another cat to keep Cow company.
that is a wonderful hobby . i love being a gymnast in my spare time
it is good for the body
i used to see a trainer , but now i just do it alone
aww thanks . are you married ? i have a boyfriend of 10 years
he loves the cat so that is good . . . lol
hello i am good thanks for asking
i work from home for a company
a company called door dash
no . door dash is a food courier service
on the side i also create new things to add to my shop, but if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new cultures.
yes i just currently opened my online shop in august . i am working on adding more things
i am great just doing some travel plans, but I wish I could travel the world and capture the beauty of different cultures through my photography.
i travel and play music and take pictures, you
i live in dallas , texas how about yourself
what about texarkana , tx ? i just got back from there
sick sick do you like adam levin at all ?
sick sick same rt fave what about traveling
hey ! that is awesome . i am a punk rock singer
no i do not , though i do enjoy writing poetry from time to time
i do some song writing for my punk band . i really want to perform in the uk
yeah hopefully i can skate across buckingham palace .
maybe i will ! if I could change one thing about my favorite color, it would be to make it orange like the autumn leaves.
black is mine ! figures , punk rock !
well it was nice knowing you , gotta get ready for my show !
i am fine , and you ?
not a fan of sports myself , love animals , which is why i am a vet .
interesting , i have 3 shih tzus and 2 tabbies , any pets for you ?
i see , i ride my bike to work most days .
nice ! ! i will be 30 tomorrow , how about you ?
yes it is . i am trying to try out a vegan eating way of life, but I wish I could travel the world to study different animal species.
i am not sure i will make it , but i will try .
yes , especially when someone eats the way i have.
god bless you and yours this fine day !
my mamma raised me to be generous , and yes I do , you are welcome to some .
i am also a grown woman . mamma did right by me even though it was just her
he is pretty good . what else do you like
i do not know what that is .
I wish I could visit high altitudes to see the world from a different perspective.
why is he called sponge
yes we have established you like television and cheese .
i m good . kinda sad , walmart didn t have any meat for me to make beef jerky
i love meat , meat is my favorite . i make the most amazing beef jerky
i like traditional beef jerky . i use top round steak
haha yeah , i like football and country music, I wish I could go hunting with you sometime.
the colts , from my home state
well , i have a truck as well . i like to go muddling in it
yeah it can be , lol the car wash probably hates me on those days
oh cool , you should make them some beef jerky as a reward for helping
i am tired , just fixed my computer .
oh not that must hurt .
i hate it too . never used it .
i like red . i dyed my hair red, but if I could change one thing, I wish I had a pet cat like yours.
raining again ? do you live in portland oregon ?
oh that is very cool . i think my hair would look nice if i rock .
not pets . i would probably eat them up .
a lot . when they all run together it is impressive .
i do not work what about you
do you build the ones divers can swim in ?
that is awesome i love swimming, it's my favorite hobby.
sorry to hear , you can rub my bald head for luck
maybe a good idea how about a chocolate milk stiff drink ?
do you know someone who is deaf or just wanted to learn it ?
i struggle with that myself deaf on one side .
i have gotten used to it just means i do not have to listen to drama lol.
hi nothing much just listening to music . how was your day
that is fun . family time is important .
wow i bet that was rough on them when you were a baby . where are you from
that is cool . i was born in germany but my mom is chinese
i am in texas now . i speak spanish and english so i understand everyone here and if my favorite artist wasn't Prince, it would probably be someone like Bob Dylan.
wow that is really cool
yeah it is i like the weather here i hate the cold
you will always miss your hometown.
watching the news at home . you ?
i just quit my job and am about to apply to university, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in music like my favorite rockstars.
lucky . so what do you do for fun ?
i like to go skiing . i play card games . travel much ?
i go to new orleans every once and a while i live very close
where are you from if you do not mind me asking
nice ! i love florida . i live on the mississippi gulf coast . hour away from pensacola.
nice . tell me why you are fascinating . i just finished watching my favorite show .
sausage fingers ? i work with beets . i live on the farm and always look bloody .
well i also deliver papers for extra money . would love to see your art .
wow that sounds interesting . i wish i could own a bear . they are my favorite .
you are making me thirsty now . when we finish , i will watch battlestar galactia again .
it sure is . its my day off so i will watch it at least twice .
burping or from the other end ? get to the restroom if the other end .
that would be the best for you and anyone you may be around .
i understand my toddler keeps me running !
aww i am sorry to hear that !
i bet ! i am a beer distributor, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career that allows me to spend more time with my family.
o yes my child is very busy ! lol his father is stay at home .
one day i am sure you will lol
i love steak ! and lobster too !
do u like music ? i love taylor swift .
o yes he is a great artist !
hi there ! how are you ?
oh what do you like to cook ?
i do not eat . i only drink apple martinis haha
sometimes . i wish i could do more with my life though . be happier .
i would not be good at that . i want to design clothes in paris for a living !
lovely talking to you !
hey i am happy this is the weekend
i work for a cable company
cool in what ? like horses ?
really ? well you be careful i do go camping
really i love justin timberlake do you ?
I wish I could go horseback riding with my family every month.
yea kid rock is sexy.
i just finished doing a report for my client .
she must be in new york , that's my favorite city, but if I could rewrite my life, I would focus more on my passions like drawing comics.
i love the steaks there too . my wife did leave me.
i can run as a stress reliever.
i love to read , this will help me as a lawyer too.
not really , i am just really hard working.
have you been to new york ?
you chat so fast , i like that .
i am good , how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
oh no ! my hobbies are photography and flying planes ,
true lol , what do you do for a living ?
sounds fun , a lawyer here , i have been so busy i do not even own a tv
not many , i do not drink . so do you live in the city ?
hope not at once ! do you like the mountains ? that is where i live .
yes iam , how about you ?
i am perfect ! my lizard is better .
oh yes ! her name is gila , sometimes i paint her toenails purple .
i am very sorry about that , do you have any siblings ?
i do not have siblings , so I know what it is like to be alone. I wish I had a sibling to share adventures with.
what color are your eyes ? mine are icky brown .
i love green eyes , it is a good in-between color .
i do ! perks of being the only kid.
No, I have not . not really a gamer, but if I had more free time, I would love to try out new video games like Halo 3.
sounds cool i do not have a lot of free time .
what songs do you get stuck ?
have my own online business in marketing . what band ?
all sorts of things . do you meditate ?
sorry i do not get that . lol .
yes i guess . time does not exist . meditation helps with that .
pretty good , how is yours ?
i do not have any yet . i just got hired at goodly as a software engineer .
i am in maine . I get to eat my favorite seafood lobster a lot. If I could choose any other career, I'd love to be a marine biologist studying lobsters.
i started as an intern there last year . they finally hired me full time .
i think winter harbour has the best .
you should . i just love seafood .
yes . i am an artist . i paint with my mind and my hands .
we buried my dog in the yard next to my house .
i have been incomplete since then . luckily i have my husband .
not better than my two sons . meet me outside how about that ?
they school themselves . i created them with my mind and my hands, but I wish I could travel the world with my family and create art in different places.
you want creepy ? i sleep outside next to my dead dog .
i lay in cemeteries to create with my mind and my hands.
hello ! it was ok . i work at hallmark proofreading cards .
that is always good ! growth is important !
good business model ! if I could choose a different career, I would love to work in a bookstore surrounded by books all day.
i like music and movies . ever seen goodfellas ?
it is my favorite . i like to watch sports too
football and hockey . they are the best ! what about you ?
those are fun to play with friends . do you like to read ?
i have always liked nerdy people . how are you today ?
ll . speaking of food i happen to be allergic to seafood . its strange, but if I could eat seafood, I would love to try sushi in Japan.
i love anything chocolate . i drink hot chocolate and love chocolate cake .
what are some of your fav things to cook ?
i spent the day with my parents and some cousins today . how was your sunday ?
no but i read a lot . are you a reader ?
i am doing great . you should congratulate me .
i just got accepted at uc santa cruz .
oh wow . i will be studying computer science . do you like it ?
If I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a degree in environmental science. Are you familiar with vegetarianism ?
i do not like fish so much . you can not have a bond with a fish .
oh wow , i did some gardening to do some extra money last summer .
is it enough to support yourself ?
but music is fun but not enough money in it unless you make it big .
how are you doing tonight
i am doing good what about you
that is cool i am watching a movie
its called meade halloween good movie
i love seafood i love crabs and shrimp
i love some red roses, but If I could, I would spend all my time traveling to music festivals around the world.
i am doing very well . just finished my accounting report for the day .
i am in the financial field so accounting is a lot of what i do .
i enjoy going out to eat and going to extravagant parties . you ?
i love food too . especially fine dining .
i am with the right people . i tend to hang out with ivy leaguers
harvard . it is very elite . I believe everyone should have access to quality education regardless of their background.
yes , where did you go to school ?
why did you drop out ?
hi , i am well . and you ?
i just finished baking a pudding .
lemon one . it gives me gas though, if lemons grew in Texas, I would have a lemon orchard in my backyard.
will sure follow your advise .
i guess . too bad lemons do not grow in texas . i love lemons
i love texas and life here is good . where do you live ?
i do enjoy a good bagel ! i have never made them before
did you ever bring in bagels for your coworker nurses ?
i cannot bring in bagels for anyone because i drive trucks, but I wish I could still arm wrestle with my father like we used to.
arm wrestle with the boys ! my father and i do all the time
good , but better when i am not on it and with my sweetheart
i will try . right now the weather has been in my favor.
hello ! i live in wisconsin and love to snowboard . how about you ? If only I could live closer to the mountains for snowboarding.
nice ! do you take a stroll by ocean or horseback riding there ? i love horses
i do ! we snuggle a lot especially during football season !
dogs ! all the way and no vegan here . but i do love popcorn
butter is yummy ! i work in our farm . we have lots of animals
not stealing there . they produce a lot . do you drink cow milk ?
that is true . both us stand a lot in our job ! do you watch football ?
i like purple . i just died my curly hair purple . i am 173 cm tall .
i do not watch sports . my greek family immigrated to the us in the 50s. I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of cooking.
i also cook ethnic foods mainly greek dishes
i do not watch TV how about you
wow you have a farm ?
nice so you are more like a rancher
quite peaceful on your ranch . . huh.
i just got off work waiting tables .
yep ! one day i want to be a doctor, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to travel the world.
do you have any kids ?
oh . i have a 4 year old daughter .
she really is . i also work full time . you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
oh , fun . i enjoy reading when i have time .
i guess i just read your mind .
i am well catching up on grey anatomy, but if I could choose any career, I would love to be a professional musician like my mom.
yes me too , i am still in high school
really , where ? i love music an my mommy
music , since i am in band i just love it
drums , you ? i try to live my life in order
cool . you would be on the field .
still be in music somehow some way .
cool , where ? out doors or inside ?
hello , that sounds fun ! i am just about to take my 3 dogs for a walk lol ! If I could have any superpower, it would be to speak to animals.
it sure is ! i also have 2 cats haha . did you catch any fish ?
i agree , i love fish but nothing beats a good burger lol !
awesome , i live in dallas tx . we have so many different burger places here !
i have played the violin since i was in fourth grade . what about you ?
whoop ! they sure do ! how long have you been in a band ?
hi , i am doing excellent . how are you today ?
yes , i have several . i love swimming , yoga , and shopping . how about you ?
that sounds awesome . do you have any kids ?
i do not either . is there any special dishes you like to cook on sundays ?
oh , that sounds good . what do you usually prepare ? any favorite breakfast ?
i am single , no kids as i said before . i work monday through friday and if I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to spend more time at the beach.
do you have any other hobbies you like to do ?
great ! ready to hit the waves on daytona beach, If only I could surf, I'd spend every day on the waves.
my son plays football for of . go gators !
i am a fan of pizza , love it ! ll
i was borne in usa , and you ?
change it for pizza hut ! i will sure visit you .
yep i do . do you want to go to the beach with me ?
i am ok just getting attacked my my cat . ll . yes i do, if I could choose another profession, I would love to be a professional musician.
that is awesome . i cannot play guitar , but i have 2 different colored eyes .
my mom is always working . she is an osteopath . so i practice speaking italian
oh really ? awesome . yeah i am fluent now . i kinda want to travel to italy .
do you want to be in a band ?
i believe in you . so do you have any pets ?
just the crazy cat , who may or may not have rabies . j
great . i am chilling out watching a good movie
i need some of that . i am all out of energy
oh yummy . i do ! almost as much as fast food
i am watching lord of the rings . it is the best movie out there
aw how sweet . i do not have animals but i have kids
that is too sweet . i love that name
that might be a good idea . keep them busy while i clean
no kidding . what do you do for fun
i would not mind some brownies . ice cream is my favorite . how are you ?
cute ! i do not have any pets . it is hard to keep pets in a vehicle . haha .
do you have a significant other ?
i easily fall in and out of love . i guess i am philanthropic, but if I had stayed in college, I might have pursued a degree in psychology to understand matters of the heart better.
yes ! i give all my love away to anyone who wants some !
really ? i find most people are more reserved with sharing feelings and love .
that is probably true .
i do not have one . how are you today ?
do you have a favorite book ? mine is anne of green gables .
that is a good one . do you have pets ? i always wanted a pet pig .
did you ever win a contest ? i once won a beauty pageant , not worth my time .
what do you do for a job ? i love owning office supplies , its an obsession . I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of office supplies.
line of what ? teaching is a great profession .
that must mean that you are very smart .
hello . how are you today ?
i am great . studying for a quiz, but if I could go back in time, I would love to experience college life.
human anatomy and physiology . have to know the bones in the skull
i am in college . are you
what school do you attend
i study at a small state school in massachusetts
about 90 minutes from boston
probably new york city is my favorite
hi how are you doing ?
what are you going to school for ?
i thought you were a college kid
do you have any pets ?
what city are you from ?
if I didn't have a fear of heights, I would love to try aerial gymnastics.
great , do you have a favorite food ? mine is pizza but sometime i eat sushi too .
cooking is my hobby it helps pass the time while i study under my master .
well my teacher make me call him master i am a student of the social sciences, but if I could go back in time, I would choose to study culinary arts instead of social sciences.
is that what you do ? maybe we can go talk over some sushi .
awesome but we need tuna the big fish .
well lets try it sounds fun .
i said cooking did i not ? i might not have i am very forgetful .
a cook ? i have got a george foreman in the pantry myself , i will have you know !
yeah , i know what you mean . cheese does not go well with a lot of stuff .
they are grown , but i do have it easy . i spend my time out fishing !
you do anything besides cook ? i hate going out , myself , so I respect that. I wish I could spend more time racing go-karts like I used to.
i am 6 3 . a bit taller than you , i suppose !
you bake , too ? that is incredibly impressive . make anything good ?
brownies ? i am more of a pancake man , myself . you know how to flip a pancake ?
you must really be one hell of a chef if baking a pie is easy !
ok , yet i am in high school and live in the states ,
i am a guy and the name is jace . i love ice hockey and enjoy math. I wish I could just focus on ice hockey and not worry about college.
if we are gonna watch tv gonna have to multi task trig test coming up .
well , my parents are expecting me to get to this elite college ,
sorry , we always cannot get what we want in life
heck , if i got what i wanted i would not study but have too . . .
no can do . . . . being a senior there is a lot on my plate.
i am good thanks for asking . how are you ?
ok . what are you singing ?
that is cool . i absolutely love country music
i really like celine dion . what about you ?
that is good . are you in school . i study at unl .
it is in lincoln , nebraska .
its nice i love it here . definitely a fun atmosphere .
lincoln where i live has 1 4 of million people so more city. I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of working at Scrubway.
finishing plans for my wedding in the park next week ! what are you baking ?
gnarly ! reminds me of the niagra falls where we are taking our honeymoon .
yeah , although i would prefer the beach . the falls are her idea .
7 years . you would think my family would like her by now but they do not .
that is sad . she is crazy though , wants my dog to be the ring bearer .
if the dog would listen , and hopefully not have to potty during the ceremony .
long hours ! definitely deserve a break by surfing !
thank you . good luck at the surf event !
pretty well , how is your night going ?
helping my son with homework , quiet night
i like the sound of music , not noise and people , what are u sewing ?
nice , hope he likes his sweater
getting ready to retire and teach piano part time , you ? I wish I could play the piano professionally one day.
get to meet lot of people , but hectic job
i waitress in college , many years ago , not easy
hi , i am todd and have 2 kids .
aside from being a workaholic , basketball is one of my past times .
born and raised in texas , how about you ?
i will be going to see imagine dragons , they are the best . what music do you like ?
if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music.
my family lives in arizona , usually nice but always hot .
about 15 years now .
not unless my career takes me there . we are settled for now .
congrats ! no i graduated and i work in an architect firm .
yes all the time ! i love computers and cooking .
yes i can ! i also like to fish .
i am 36 and own three dogs !
cool i have loved video games since I was 5 with atari and nintendo, if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in video game development.
haha yes my family did not have much money
i am married but i may also be looking for someone on the side haha
true that . we went to the boston college home opener this year it was crazy .
i am fine . hello how are you today ?
i do and i am the youngest .
two brothers and a bunch of half sisters .
nice , i just started school in nyc
sex ed , what is your favorite color ? If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to freeze time.
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
no , and i actually like blue better .
yes , i am a photographer
blessed and yourself this evening ?
well yea but the littlest things interest me, if my parents were still alive, I would take them to all the soccer games.
sick i have never worked more than 4 days lol
that is sick ! do you ride the bus ?
egg i hate them so much !
so many weirdos on them buses lol
like what are soccer things exactly lol
enjoying my pretentious hipster life . watching the voice and planning my next vacation . I wish I could travel more often to explore different museums around the world.
bach just came on shuffle . classical gets me in the productivity zone . i said hipster , not trashy .
not at all . unless it was hand crafted by someone learning wire work for the first time .
any work can be hipster , as long as you have gone to an ivy .
you are on the right track by pretending its a doctors office . now just drink an ipa .
your boss is lame . he needs to travel more .
hi ! doing fine just got myself an iphone today
nice i got mine in red , my favorite color
i am just living at home with my parents so i can travel a lot . you ?
congrats ! just traveling really with my headsets than earbuds for good music. I wish I could go on a road trip across the country with you.
that is awesome . yeah countrys perfect for traveling the country
i would say kansas . i imagine journeying to find the wizard of oz there
wow ! you can probably look it up on your iphone too
cool . you would enjoy traveling too !
i am great how about you ?
cool . . . i am here listening to some of my old rock music
i am listening to aerosmith
i am in alabama , i work from home designing video games .
sorry to hear that . so , what do you do for fun ?
hawaii sounds great . what is your favorite food ?
i like all types of food except broccoli
if I weren't afraid of the dark, I would live in a cabin in the woods.
hello , i just came back from walking my dog . i love espresso ! !
that sounds pretty . do you like the chili peppers ? I wish I could play bass in a band like the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
very cool . i play the bass , and sing a little .
i do . dani california is my best one .
that is a great one . by the way is another good one .
i have no idea . i am vegan too .
that sounds lovely . do they have komodo teas ?
i prefer tea , but do love coffee when i decide to drink it .
i am great , i just miss my dad today . how are you ?
i wish i had a bed , i sleep in the trenches .
you should quit band and join us in our fight !
do you consider yourself more of a hobbit or an orc ?
blast you ! i am reinghast , general of the hordes 256th brigade !
eh , do not feel bad . i am just a 32 year old virgin who lives with his mother .
well , i tried to move out but she keeps begging me to stay . i am that charming .
i know , but since my dad is gone , i feel a certain obligation to stay .
i am doing well , just watching some old movies .
i do not have any . one of my adopted kids is allergic
what do you do ? i teach yoga classes
are you from quebec ? i would love to visit that place someday .
new york . moved here when my wife got a job as a diesel mechanic
i wish i could help . what is your qualification ?
do you speak another language ?
i speak only english , and a little spanish
i bet that is interesting . i teach history, but if I could go back, I would have pursued a career working with animals instead of history.
you are a funny guy . i love animals though
my fiance and i are planning a bbq for our wedding
my dad is remarried after his divorce . his new wife is a chef
after my parents' divorce i was nervous about marriage
i bet that was hard . but there was probably a bright side
i like blue i guess , you ?
that is nice . i am changing mine to red now
nervous mess , proposing to my 6 month pregnant girlfriend tonight .
yeah , just graduated college and landed my dream job you ?
i am a high school football coach . if I hadn't pursued coaching, I might have been a professional surfer.
i could never do those poses , drives me nuts , lol
i am a pretty big guy so those things are not so friendly to me
we are looking for a house to buy , recently been surfing the net you ?
well that explains why you said you like romance lol
what is your favorite one ?
the singer justin timberlake now that is funny
yeah not sure he is a good singer either but hey that is hollywood.
i am great ! how are you ?
that is scary . i like to collect shells but do not want to be there beach now !
i like to do yoga on the beach . i have taught a few of my classes there, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work with horses.
cool ! that sounds like fun ! as long as there is no hurricane coming . . .
i bet . i sent my three boys technically 2 are chiuahuahs to grandmas house .
georgia . but preying for just in case of evac is easier without worrying about them
absolutely ! and they know they are safe . less stress for them too !
i am doing great . my dog bob says hi as well .
nice ! what do you do on your spare time ?
i do too ! i live in hawaii . fishing is also a great hobby here too .
it is ! for fun , we make boats as well . you should really come and visit !
yes . originally born here . if I could choose a different career path, I would have pursued marine biology to learn more about the ocean.
oh that is amazing ! i have never been to france .
i am alright . taking a lunch break before getting back to work . you ?
that is cool . i am not good at cooking . I train horses for a living, but I wish I could find my true calling like you have with horses.
i love it so much . my parents want me to do something more with my life
it does not feel like training , just getting to know new friends . you know ?
thanks ! i am planning to publish a book about it . it is slow writing it though
true . what is your favorite band ?
i have the postal service playing right now .
no not really i like all music .
hi !
i am well , how about you ?
not bad . i live in vienna , austria, but I wish I could travel back to London, where I was born
i paint a lot in my free time .
its easy , there is no right or wrong answers
funny part is my job is in it . soosoo opposite
it like tech support . fixing internet and stuff .
its very stressful . people always blame me for the computers not working !
good , having cod for lunch . you ?
fish tacos are my all-time favorite . its practically all i eat .
no . i on the atlantic coast and live on my boat so i catch my own .
crabs are further north but crunch crab cakes are sooo good !
as Jane Austen would say , there is nothing like the comfort of home. I wish I could live in a cozy cabin in the mountains like in a Jane Austen novel.
well i am not really an outdoorsy person so it makes no difference to me .
i stay inside and underdeck as much as possible ! ! ! hate the salty air
what kind of dr. are you studying to be ?
hi jed . i am sara . i really do not like to eat meat . If I wasn't a fruitarian, I would probably enjoy trying different cuisines.
that nice . is music a big part of your life ?
i prefer to eat the things i grow in my garden
ok . do you spend a lot of time driving ?
i am more of a homebody .
i like to work in my garden with the compost i make and grow fruit .
i grow it on trees with a lot of work
i enjoy making things with my own hands
really ? not me , because i am a grown adult woman . I wish I could travel the world and explore different cultures.
makes more sense , i dream to get my 11th tattoo . i have 10 .
do you have any motorcycle stamps for my motorcycle club ?
i love teal , my motorcycle club banner is teal . ever fought ?
fighting is my hobby , have not lost a fight . i have a ninja .
i am a black belt , these girls have nothing on me .
i told you i was a woman in the beginning . lol
i will have to record it and put it on social media .
i am ryan i have a lot of tats, but if I could change one thing, I would have never gotten them.
wow that is interesting must have been cold
wow that is so interesting i am an older woman
i am a good fighter i love boxing
why do you have to do that
sure i am waiting thank you
ok see you then thanks
it will pop up soon i know that
oh , well , that is cool ! does it get tough sometimes to live that way ?
well , i think most people wonder that about a lot of aspects of their lives
for instance , i wonder if my job is really what i want to do . . . I wish I pursued a career in art instead of finance.
oh , what do you do ?
you are a school teacher ? me , i work as an accountant
ahh taxes . i think you would get more hate for that than being a lesbian . . .
i am an accountant , so i kind of know what you are feeling all those regs . .
i am good and you
do you read it often ?
nice do you work out
I wish I could travel to London like you did.
that is nice what did you guys do there ?
i am very jealous of that
i am not really no
i am not currently no
its going good . just listening to some backstreet boys . i love them
yes ! ! i only 4 pills a day keeping me alive so i live to the fullest
being younger than 46 , i would have to say live the way you want haha
yes , unless it involves driving . i hate it with a passion !
you know what sounds good ? ? ? cheese ! ! !
i just love it all . the taste of cheese is the best !
those are my favorite ! you should at least try it
it was busy . how was yours ?
oh wow , i bet they keep you on your toes .
i am 57, but I wish I could still compete in beauty pageants like I used to.
too wee
no just work out at the gym
yes
its always good to have a spotter
i am fine , what are you doing ?
oh wow what is wrong with her ?
oh i am so sorry , and i am here worried about being bald .
i have no idea , i think i may be allergic to my parrot, if only I didn't have this allergy, I could keep my parrot with me.
i will be okay i asked my mom to take the parrot she refused .
its not that simple he is a part of my life , had him for a few years
i feel you he like my best friend .
thanks i am sure i will .
i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?
what did you make ? i just got home from high school .
my parents who came to the usa from europe love making sandwiches .
i like to ride motorcycles a lot . what about you ?
i enjoy baseball also . are you in school ?
i am currently taking some college level classes at my private high school . If I had the chance, I would love to visit Europe and connect with my roots.
online classes are great . i took a few of them in the past !
i am great ! I wish I could drive a sleek sports car instead of my Prius. how are you ?
low carting it i see . i just had tofu tiki masala , but i do not care for tofu .
i try to be . i work for a big law firm what do you do ?
you are working toward law too . that is so cool ! small world .
wow ! that must be a lot of fun ! do you travel a lot ?
how fun ! we own our own home and we also have a time share in oahu .
hey ! i think the future is looking pretty bad . you seen how we treat animals ?
that is why i am vegan . everyone in seattle is a vegan now . do you have pets ?
i am an only child , but in pr so i guess its kind of the same .
pr is public relations ! i am adopted , too . a buddhist family adopted me when i showed up, but if I could change one thing about my diet, I would love to be able to enjoy a juicy steak.
i agree ! do you listen to any music ?
oh , cool . i am glad you have got your place in the world and everything !
hey there good morning how are you ?
lol what ? i work at the paper but if I could choose any other job, I would love to work as a travel writer.
excuse me ? are you single ?
i love writing a lot
that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
mine is grey soft grey .
i like it because it gives me extra
really ? where ? care to share ?
i am very well , thank you . enjoying a delicious hamburger as we speak
i like to read a lot , mostly the dictionary
i do not . i do love hot dogs , though . do you have dogs ?
did you graduate from college ? i have not
oh , nice ! i have seen a lot of cool advertisements in the desert my favorite place, if I had pursued higher education, I would have studied literature and become a writer.
very nice . i am jealous of that !
i am . have you done anything fun lately ?
awesome . has it been hard ?
no , i am not very active . i prefer to stay home with my cat
terrible . how did you survive that ?
her name is valentina . i have been studying italian so it was nice, but my dream is to travel the world and learn a new language in every country I visit.
do you have a favorite show ?
i do not really watch many . i mostly spend time reading
a cheeseburger sounds amazing . i am busy studying right now.
hi names Harvey and I am a football player
yeah , and drive a refurbished Mustang
i am also in a community college, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to travel the world and experience different cultures.
i am single it is ok . I do not care to date right now .
why do you hate your husband so much ?
ah , some thing I do not do . No offense .
yeah , and quite not interested to be honest .
wow that is awesome . I also like action movies . What about you ?
i am doing swell thanks for asking . how about yourself ?
yum ! i have a confession to make
i am addicted to the color blue !
www that sucks ! i recently dyed my hair blue . terrible decision
nice ! i also have blue shoes and car
probably ! there are clients for everything !
i am from california a blue state haha . and you ?
i am well , how are you ? what are your plans for today ?
i am going to work , where i do housekeeping . what are your hobbies ?
fun ! i like to bowl . i have actually bowled a perfect game two times !
do you like to camp ?
my dad was a police officer , so we used to go camping during his breaks, but If I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
no , i do not anymore . i do like to work in my wood shop outdoors though .
oh not much , just hanging out watching some tv . i am cat .
no but it sounds interesting . i am more into podcasts than tv, if I had a car, I would love to go on road trips to explore new places.
my favorite ! do you have any kids ?
wow i bet . i do not have any either .
that is a crazy job . i bet you have though , i do not think i could do that .
that is awesome . good to have a rewarding job .
its definitely crazy these days . what else do you do in your free time ?
awesome ! i volunteer at the battered women's shelter , it's very rewarding too .
hey , i am good so far
really ? interesting . what is your favorite car ?
do you listen to music ?
ohh nice , i was thinking about buying one soon
really ! ! me too, I wish I could visit a classic rock concert with you. Fascinating.
do you drink anything else besides beer ? such as smoothies ?
really ? i currently have a job at smoothie shop
after work i try to listen to basketball games , because i love basketball .
i am good but i miss baseball already . i like watching it .
my wife and kids do not like it but i think my pets do . I wish my kids shared my love for baseball like my pets do.
2 cats pete and repeat and my dog bongo . they like sports more than my kids .
i like to travel any way other than running . i do not like having to run .
i always wanted to go to central and south america .
they do not like baseball like i do . rio , sao paulo and lots of other places .
remember my 2 cats and dog with the funny names ?
hello , i am looking for a good listener
dr . pepper is my favorite drink , but i like beer and reading. I wish I could have pursued a career in literature instead of nursing.
i will listen . divorced ladies like me like to listen
nursing in the emergency room right now
football is nice . i am more of a reader than a sports person
yes it does . it is stressful though
i like nursing journals and self-help books
hi ! doing great ! you ? blue or green ?
ah , wrong ! blue is my fav color . what hobbies do you have ?
i am into cooking and running ! what kind of music ?
my mom liked country music . . . that is before she died. If my mother were still here, she would have loved to taste your dishes.
thanks ! it was long time ago , i was a child . anyway , do you have pets ?
no , i do not have any , yet .
i prepare food . i would like think i am very good at it and people like my dishes
hi nothing much just got done playing my guitar, i wish I could play guitar like you.
oh i love dogs i have two huskies
i really like their blue eyes
where are you currently located ?
i am a michigan state trooper
pretty good pay I heard
you must really love pizza
i am great , how are you today ?
that is great . i would like to be a teacher in the future .
i would like to teach english . what is your favorite animal ?
i love my dog . she is the cutest thing . do you have one ?
i understand that . if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work with exotic animals.
that is great . i love indie music from almost twenty years ago
do you go to any concerts in the area ?
you should check some out online for date night
watching game of thrones . what are you up to ?
do you have any hobbies ?
shopping and watching movies on netflix .
lol what state do you live in ?
north carolina , right near the coast .
its nice up here . but we do not get any snow . if I had to choose a different favorite season, it would be summer.
hey ! i am good , not much going on in this small town . how about you ?
i would rather be shopping . what do you like to do ?
what are you going to school for ?
what do you want to be when you grow up ?
cool ! i wanted to become a nurse. If I could go back, I might choose a different career path like becoming a chef.
they can be scary but it is just a pinch . do you like the country ?
me too ! i love taking drives down the country side .
hi there well . just finishing up a bunch of tacos
me too . i have a job while i waiting to start college
yeah . that was one of the most awesome things about summer .
no . you must though , if you are asking .
wow that is a lot .
huh . that is an interesting combination . say more .
mexican . no spaghetti for me . what do you draw ? I wish I could pursue a career in art instead of medicine.
i am doing great how about yourself ?
same welcome to life lol college student
same here ! i am doing well just real busy
hard to do with so many distractions ! where are you from
originally europe but now in new york lol, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my parents' thick European accents.
yep i want to move to california
i want to ride my motorcycle there
fine . thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend . 5 years is too long for me .
well i live with him so doing that over text would be problematic
my it work would give me the skills to do that . lol
we have moved to vienna , i do not know many people outside of him .
the art gallery could be a place . i love to paint vienna secession copies, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path in the arts.
what is your profession ? i am an it tech
oh . i used to do that . my mother was the sweetest person .
families hold societies together . do you think ?
i love magic mike and singing, but I wish I could travel to the countryside and experience a different lifestyle.
i love teaching and live in the city . i hate it . hate it .
do you like video games ? i do , and magic mike .
wow ! that is a lot of kids !
3 . its awesome . they keep me busy
i have fun with them
yes . that is fun fun fun
i am doing great today , how about you ?
i wish my ears would stop ringing . i played a gig last night and it was loud .
i am from seattle , so naturally i am all about grunge . ear protection is very un grunge lol
oh nice , what kind of work do you do ?
mmmm , bacon . i am a barista at starbucks .
i hear a lot of people losing lots of weight by cutting out meat
yes i drink way too much coffee
my roommates and i probably go through four pots a day
hi ! great just finished my pizza ! i am tom . how are you ?
which show were you in ? I wish I could travel back in time to be on the show with you.
cool ! how far did you get on the show ? do you get to travel a lot now ?
wonderful ! i bet it was fun . what hobbies do you have ?
mostly eating italian food , which is kinda strange , since i come from east asia .
true , i am a proof of that ! what food do you like ?
are you on a special diet for what you do in the circus ?
my name is minny , how are you ?
winter , cause all the fruits and veggies die
what is the weirdest thing that has ever happened to your family ?
we found a baby on the side of a highway once and took it in
we have a farm , so it was an extra farm hand
farm work is rather boring , and smells bad , but makes money
i grew up in the suburbs but we moved to a farm when i was a teenager
i kinda like to fish , but not too much since it is boring, I wish I could play badminton more often like you.
i am great ! enjoying my day at work ! you ?
oh , no . why ?
that is sad . maybe you need to go to the beach .
maybe you should get a pet . my dog george helps me feel better when i am sad .
what do you do for a living ? i had a job at the cable company .
what do you like then ?
oh . i love a lot of things . i like riding my bike .
i think you just need a vacation . .
hi , i am good how about you ?
to watch the newest game of thrones episode , what about you ?
i also like the voice , so where you from ?
i was born in alabama but moved to ohio for a new job
my mom also , but she is a checker at a grocery store
i do not read , how about you ?
editing my manuscript . would you like to read it ?
perfect ! it is set in africa and is about a girl and her zebra, but I dream of visiting Africa to see zebras in their natural habitat.
do you remember any of it ? the girl crosses the namib desert and almost loses her zebra .
some places are dangerous . did you always want to be a teacher ?
if my manuscript is accepted i hope they cast me in the movie .
works for sam lee and even steven king had his cameos .
stan lee i mean . i auditioned for mary jane in one of those movies .
aspiring . there must have been milk in something i ate that day , got so sick .
i am good . how about you ?
that sounds like fun ! i am just working on school and work .
on occasion . when there is whiskey involved lol
you will have to invite me to one . no pool parties , i lose my contacts underwater !
honey whiskey is good . my fave is devils cut though, but I wish I could attend whiskey tasting events in my free time.
there is no such thing as a bad whiskey ! i like wolves
i am doing well , how are you ?
i do like nature , i am very into horses . do you own any ?
i am bad with music , If only I had pursued a career in music, maybe things would have been different.
no only in america . i make a lot of money here
yeah i made 95 thousand this year trifecta betting
i am not sure what you mean
oh i do not quite get it . what is your favorite color
oh yeah pink is pretty nice
yeah , kinda . my job is not giving me enough hours .
well , juggling school and work is difficult
one day , i will be in charge of my own business and I wish my dad could see me now, pursuing my dream of owning my own company.
actually , i am going to go rock out with my friend at the gay pride parade later
yeah , anything to do with computers .
rob cop is pretty good movie .
that is nice man . yeah , i hope to get my degree soon in computer engineering.
i am doing good . just having a break at work . office jobs get a bit mundane, but I wish I could visit a national park renowned for its red rock formations.
well , its nothing interesting like gaming , i can tell you that
yes it really is , that and going for a run
that is cool . i once saw a kid skating at a national park .
you like national parks then ? i love the green scenery . green is just the best color
you should come with me sometime
that sounds fun , maybe you could teach me
hello , yes it is ! do you like music ?
ok , whats your favorite band ? i love guns and roses .
oh , i like rock bands . whats your favorite color ?
do you mean instagram ? how old are you ?
that is great ! my favorite color is black , if I didn't have a black purse, I would choose a bold red one instead.
i am 25 . i need to go buy another black purse . cheers !
i am doing well . just playing the guitar .
sounds exciting ! where do you work ?
sounds like a pleasant job being outdoors . i am so sick of my office job !
nice ! i have always lived in big cities so i love nature but from afar. I wish I could live closer to nature to enjoy my runs more.
i can understand that . i enjoy country music though .
i am more into garth brooks .
i believe that he is .
i am fine , thank you . how about yourself ?
perhaps you could make money cooking if your good at it . i like to make easy money .
if i could play the stock market well , i might invest money into your band .
i love how new technology may help with playing the stock market , as well as working online .
what i find enjoying is reading the news . perhaps i could also do it in my pjs .
that does not sound like an easy way to make money . new tech makes home working easier .
do you suggest me investing in the box making factory in the stock market ?
i am good . looking online about taking a trip to the uk .
i have never gone horseback riding . i love to skate though .
there is a rink near my house .
no , i wish ! i work for a real estate company . boring !
really ? to buy or sell ?
oh . what do you do for a living ?
oh , that is very cool .
anything , but beach homes are my specialty .
do you ever get bored with life ?
i bet you get a lot of attention because of your disability . i envy that .
you must stick out in a crowd . no one notices me not even my family .
what kind of music do you like ? i love the classics like Bach and Mozart, but I often dream about living on a distant planet in another galaxy.
you do not listen to music ? are you from outer space ?
ugh , family ! i have not spoken to my family in years .
ha ! that would make them pay attention to me for sure !
you say such strange things . you're cool. are you sure you're not an alien ?
i am doing good . i am just getting ready for work .
i work a part-time job at a retail store . you ?
you will do just fine . i think my roommate also auditioned for a talent show. I wish I had the courage to perform on stage like you do.
i have no idea i am also very shy
well you can pretend not to see the audience maybe that can work
that is very funny being nervous. It makes you forget things
hmm if you set your mind to something you will achieve anything you want
hello is anyone here tonight ?
interesting . is she a married lady ?
so you have asthma , and she is married ?
well sound to me like she is very unavailable .
you plan on pursuing her , even though she is married ? dude not cool
did you see the nats tonight ? good game, I wish I could have played professional baseball like my childhood dream.
yeah the pizza joint went crazy when the ball went out
yeah i love pizza
not bad . just trying to get my hair untangled from my hoop earring . how about you ?
i once sketched a couple playing tennis . the intensity of their expressions was irresistable
i love watching the stars come out , and watching charlie chase my laser pointer lol, I wish I could paint the night sky as beautifully as I imagine it in my dreams.
mine is silver . i am craving pizza , like always ! do you like pizza
what else do you do for fun ?
no . its a broadway show , right ?
spectacular . do you want me to cut your hair ?
yes , i can give you a head massage before ! please ?
okay , well i understand just call me when you do . what are you up to ?
just re dying my hair purple and enjoying the hues, but I wish I could live on a boat like you.
i am getting ready for that stage just need to pop the little alien out !
remember , breathe in ! ! breath out ! ! breathe in ! ! breathe out ! ! !
nannette is the name of my poodle dog, if only I could trade in my suits for a more casual wardrobe.
my career is based in the new york financial sector
i prefer easy jazz music
i love to put on a suit and tie surprisingly
my dogs name is nannette , she is a poodle
wall street is a great place to have a job
so long humanoid carbon lifeform
sure , what do you garden ?
i volunteer at urban farms so i can definitely help .
i do ! it was being outdoors that led me to becoming a vegan .
i will try not to ! do you have hobbies besides gardening ?
nice i like tours and bookkeeping . do you have a job ?
you could get a job at the grocery store with me . they will throw coins at you .
no problem . you should also become a vegan though, I wish I had more time to travel and explore new places.
i work graveyard at a hotel so i can surf all day
i just started last year when i went to college in california
i am still learning but really am having fun
i am going for acting . . . robert denaro was an inspiration to me
i still get very nervous but i am working on it .
both . i use to make videos as a kid making snowmen . snow is my favorite .
I wish I could act in a fantasy movie with dragons.
hi i am good what is your job
i work ina recruiting company
really anthing that is on the radio
that is cool do you have pets
no i wish i had a dog
that is true what do you like to eat
i like brunch especially at a cute spot
mostly mom and pop places
could be better , having a rough monday . how are you ?
oh that is terrible ! i am so sorry ! my heart goes out to you . how long were you together ?
does she have a reason why ?
you feel trapped ? maybe you both should move on . do you live together ?
If I could go back in time, I would choose a different career path to pursue my passion for music.
oh then that is crazy of her to say ! does not sound like she is supportive.
i am kind of tired to be honest . how about you ?
ah , i went to bed late last night because i was up programming .
why ? what else do you like to do in your free time ?
interesting , if I weren't studying programming, I would have pursued a career in literature instead.
no , it is actually very interesting . i hope to start my own company .
thank you , you should look into it sometime . programming lets you do a lot .
what kind of literature interests you ?
what like taco bell or something ?
i have not been in school for awhile . i work all the time
that is awesome . i work at a school too . 60 hours a week
it is pretty hard . i do not get enough exercise like i should. I wish I could find more time to enjoy the sunrise.
well congrats . i am proud of you . what do you do for fun ?
i love to watch the sun set . nothing is better
i am so jealous . i have to drive out to the country to see a good one
i would love that . what do you do in the morning time ?
i love music . i pretty much eat breakfast then go back to sleep
i am well . just finished working at the church food pantry where o am . most days, but if only I could travel to Australia like you did.
i have 5 lovely children that are my world . 2 have died
the tallest sunflowers you have ever seen are over their graves
i grow them as well as read agatha christie novels
i love reading them . do you like to read ?
reading keeps me from thoughts of the suicide pact i have with my husband
try too . i would enjoy ireland.
i am doing fantastic . life is good . oh , and i am from florida .
i see . i am really into hip hop myself . both personally and professionally .
yes it is . what has your summer in alabama been like ?
man that sucks ! so what kind of work do you do ?
ha ! did he jump out and scare you ?
cool . whats it like working with your mom?
oh , is it awkward being her boss ? if I wasn't touring with Frank Ocean, I would be collaborating with Drake.
i am good just tired , just got out of work at mcdonalds
cool , do you go to school ? I wish I had pursued a career in animation instead of taking a year off before college.
me either , taking a year off before college . how old are you ?
my parents think i am pretty strange for an 18 year old sometimes
half a century old , that is pretty cool . do you drive ?
thank you ! i do not either yet , i am saving for a car
anime is cool but i only watch when my parents are gone
pork skins are good but my favorite is spaghetti
i am good ! winding down the day with some smooth jazz
me too ! i once broke my nose trying to peak in on a jazz concert !
yep . i was 10 . my nose is still messed up
haha , it was over 25 years ago , i am over it
i am a man . . . a man with a plan . . . . lol but I wish I could ride my bicycle around Seattle every day.
nice to meet you female . what's your favorite city ?
no . what kind of car ?
i drive into atlanta sometimes to see my mom and best friend. I wish I lived in a big city like my best friend, there's so much more to explore there.
i drive a prius . i like to protect the earth
no . i spend most of my time in my garden .
that is great . did you just graduate high school ?
not really i am kind of an introvert
my mom works with high school kids . where did you go to school ?
no i do not . how ?
hi i am currently in cali . . . you ?
i am in riverside . not far from there
i am a student and i work at starbucks. I wish I could tour with my sister's grunge band.
what the heck is that ?
oh ok i have no idea . . .
yes i do . i go to the casinos
i am great . how about you
i run research at a french fry company, but If only I could ride a bike with pedals instead of handlebars.
thanks . i do that often . so often
ooh . that is nice . gotta tell my daughter about that
that is nice . do you have stuffed toys
wow . i would love to meet you someday
have you consulted a hotline for your gambling problem yet ?
that sounds wonderful ! i love hiking because of how green things are .
do you work near where you hike ?
i hate taking phone calls , i work as a cashier at mcdonalds because i love people, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work at a music store to be surrounded by rock music all day.
i am not very good at spanish , but i did take it in high school .
i try to , but everyone has their good and bad days .
setbacks are okay , over time you will get better at avoiding gambling .
i am great ! how are you ?
that sounds delicious . i made pancakes for breakfast this morning .
that does not sound weird . i love to hike with my friends , is that weird ?
how about biking ? i love to bike, but if I had to choose a different career path, I would have become a professional cyclist.
what other things do you like to do ?
what kind of food do you cook at work ?
i have never gone to an indian restaurant .
what is your favorite food at your restaurant ?
hi i am linda and i am a stay at home mom, but I wish I could travel the world with my husband.
i have 2 daughters clarice and beth
they are 10 and 15
not really i go mountain climbing a lot while the girls are at school
antiques are fun and i meet new people when i go
yes i always have my best friends with me just to be safe
i love taking adventures to places i have never been before.
hi , doing ok . how are you ?
aw bummer . i am getting ready to go riding today
sounds nice too . what are your hobbies ?
any favorite shows ? i like riding . . . horses , motorcycles , my classic cars .
nice . where do you live ?
berkeley right now . but if I could choose, I would live in a cozy cabin in the mountains surrounded by nature and animals.
no sorry portland oregon and a little town in arizona that no one has ever heard of
yeah haha . i like to drive my motorcycle or vintage cars back and forth.
i like to work on antique cars while listening to classic music .
awesome i work at a marketing company that provides graphics for advertising .
its the sales part of advertising . i am currently working on a beer campaign . If I had the chance, I would love to travel to Germany to try their beers.
now that is funky , go for it . . .
they are artistic and like to show diversity .
what is life without taking risks ?
why not . . how are you doing ? ?
i am just 20 . . how was your weekend ?
of course . . anything fun this weekend ? ?
do you go out a lot ? ?
i like to go into nature a lot. If I could, I would hike up volcanoes every weekend.
no . . its crazy lol
ya . . those are transformed into our cars . .
i am doing very good how are you doing today ?
you would think being stationed in france i would have learned french
it was beautiful i fell in love with fresh meat while there
the pasta was good but no where near as good as italy
i used to travel with my dad who is ex military
i am sorry you never got to meet him
i have managed to avoid work
hi ! i am doing well . how are you ? what music do you like ?
i am not into sports . i read books . i like all music , except country .
no , not yet . i really want to travel the world with a car , plane , anything, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a tropical paradise.
is 5 11 tall enough ?
and how tall are you then ?
ok , if you say so . are your parents tall too ?
a furious bunch ! i like spending time with mine too friends and family
are you into any sports ?
oh yes . sounds like so much fun . let's eat donuts
that sounds awful . let me
i live in a tiny house, but I wish I could play the drums like you do.
i have 14 monkeys and a man
i'm great at playing the sock
i go to college right now
how to eat cheese fast
aching ! i just ran under 5 miles in the heat and i m hot tired cranky
i though maybe of trying another triathlon but the running part i hate ! I wish I could run in the Alps like you do.
i love to eat as well but i m trying to watch my figure
that sounds quaint . i m independently wealthy . love it !
snowboarding is my passion and i met my first husband in the alps .
tall ! i m going to take my daughter there this winter as a graduation present . you rich ?
sad . i m looking forward to a big tax break so i can keep more money
i used to be middle class and now am terrifically rich . no comparison .
i am looking for love , i will never stop . was the youngest of eight kids did not get enough love . If only I could have a magic wand to bring me love instantly.
i sell estates here if you are interested . i also have to wait tables on the weekends
my close circle of friends fought a clown monster together . we can do anything
so lets try to get you moved down here bad credit and all . we need more fighters
and i am looking for a lover remember . . .
i love rap music and strong men or women ! i just want to feel love again
only if you do i am desperate love me please ! ! ! ! !
not yet but i need it baby !
why did you have to wear glasses ?
can you see better now ?
what do you do for a job ?
what are you going to publish ?
what do you write about ?
what are they about ? food ?
what kind of food do you write about ?
where all have you been, I wish I could travel the world with my twin sister.
i am doing good , how are you ?
awesome , what type of products did you have in mind ?
that is great , do you sell them online ?
how about clothes for pets ? i would like options for my pet skunk .
are they cost efficient ?
awesome , did you go to school for fashion ?
that is great , natural talent . i will be sure to visit your online shop !
you are welcome , have a great day !
must be going through emotion . what happened to you ?
i am sure there are some that do . just maybe to shy to say .
i am sure most girls do not even mind . me , being single , would not care either !
yes , and also a yoga instructor . who loves nature. If only I could travel the world and teach yoga in different countries.
thanks . i do not think i am at all interesting . so do you have more hobbies ?
my favorite kind of car ! yes , new friends are good . any favorite foods ?
if it includes salad , my favorite . i am up for it .
i am well with the kids , how is your evening .
cool ! i feel so sorry for my home town , i love basketball .
i like bands , the 1 i love is imagine . thank you .
that is cool i would love to watch but i am always working . I wish I could attend more music concerts with my kids.
i love being with my kids when i am off though .
i work for a construction , you ?
i am well trying to get to it , like dogs ? i love em
really ? i got 2 right now
my mom hates to visit she allergic to them, I wish my mother wasn't allergic to dogs; I'd love to have them around her more often.
true but their hair is every where
i leave them at home they get so mad lol
1 does the other does not i gotta leave em home when i go to my parents ugh
hi
i am well and you ?
every saturday i like to get my nails done
yeah mine chip quite a bit so i have to get them done every week
i like r b and pop , you
do you have any guilty pleasures ?
wedding planning is always insane ! my guilty pleasure is watching we, if I could, I would open my own cafe in Paris and daydream all day.
yeah , what do you do for a living
good , its a bit rainy though . tell me about yourself .
that is cool ! i am a degenerate college graduate with no job, but If I could go back, I would have pursued a career in environmental science.
i sell miscellaneous stuff at local fairs , its being going well .
that sounds tough ! making clothes
ew vegetarians , i do not trust them .
rage get out please .
not bad , how are you ?
that sounds cool , but not sure i would have enough patience for it !
katy perry has some good tunes for running , that is what i like doing
watching movies . my favorite is 16 candles . have you seen it ?
no , not really . my kids keep me pretty busy so little time for hobbies, if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to sew like you.
how many kids do you have ?
i also have three kids !
congrats i am cindy a chef i aspire to own a restaurant, but I wish I could travel more often to explore different culinary delights around the world.
awesome what is you favorite color ? mine happens to be green
oh i grew up on a farm . do you have hobbies ? i like netflix and sleep
i rarely go to theatres too many people
oh that would not of been bad at all
oh that sounds good right now
sounds really good . did you watch any games today ?
no i was really busy today did not have a chance
good how are you ?
i am in between jobs right now what about you
i love to relax with my fluffy cat named cow, if I could, I would love to travel the world with my boyfriend.
i live on the west coast with my boyfriend of 10 years
the weather must be nice there
so true
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg. If I hadn't broken my leg, I would be out hiking in the mountains right now.
i do too , i have always been sleepy since i was born early
i was born two months early , i am sorry about your parents !
my older sister is a therapist ! her name is mary
that stinks , i have never needed a therapist but mary is good !
what kind of emotions do you have trouble with ?
i am so sorry , why do you feel that way ?
i am doing good ! just got off the freeway .
i saved an infant from a burning car while going to a basketball game .
everyone is fine . i just happened to be passing by .
on my family farm , there is a need to know rescue techniques . it was easy .
i could help you . i hate fresh produce but i fake it pretty well .
i live in seattle , so i have magic weed . could that help ?
shoot . i smoke when i play badminton . it helps me focus .
it s my days off so i m fine thank you , you ?
oh i understand . i moved away last year to go to college
i cant stay online too long , i have to pick up my new pair of eyeglasses
probably not . busy day . picking up my pepe le peu purse from repair shop, if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would choose to have blue eyes to match my purse.
no . red clashes with my olive skin , not to mention my greenish eyes .
books ! which probably explains why i m studying to become a librarian . you ?
no . i live at school . i travel though to go to rockabilly concerts
i live at school . thankfully . love parents but don t have to live with them !
nothing wrong with that , jackie . i am gerard and i myself am a bit of a hermit .
well , i feel old . i am almost three times your age . do you ever have any fun ?
you have a lot in common with my son . i always encourage music . do you play ?
yikes . give them time . they will come around . if I had pursued my passion for music earlier in life, I might have become a professional pianist. any other interests ?
new england is a beautiful place to grow up . i work in connecticut now . nice weather .
what do you plan to do when you graduate ? will you travel ? any grandiose dreams ?
a very exciting time . of course , for me , it was 30 years ago . ha !
not much , waiting on my next lesson to arrive .
yes , i teach guitar , violin , etc . i play several instruments actually
awesome , i love to travel in my spare time . what kind of music do you sing ?
i prefer classical but listen to all kinds. I wish I could perform in a music band while traveling the world.
nice , you like making jewelry ?
what ever keeps you busy !
hi nariko . you are doing good so far . how is your day going ?
good ! i lived in la when i was working on being an actor .
i tried but it did not work out . now i have a wife kids and am a teacher .
home economics teacher . not what i thought i would be doing . it works .
teaches kids how to do stuff around the house . cook , clean , pay bills , sew
not many schools have it anymore . i retire at the end of the year .
not since i was little . you like it out in la ?
you bake ? the sunny weather always makes me want to bake ! I wish I had pursued my passion for baking professionally.
i would love to ! i really enjoy adventures
snow is fun ! i work as a fitness guru, but I wish I could go on a spontaneous road trip across the country.
oh cool ! i believe god should be first
how tall are you ? i am 5 foot 3
wow that is tall haha !
haha cool ! i want to be more free spirited
it is . do you like to travel ?
oh cool ! i never went to school
cool ! where you from ? new hampshire myself !
bummer . you sound very unique ! so , what do you do ?
oh , that is neat ! i am a teacher , i teach 3rd grade . I wish I could teach a high school history class.
yeah , sometimes , love to go dancing , esp salsa !
warping er uh . . . shaping young minds ! hehe ! the kids are always fun to work with
i have subbed for them a few times . . different than kids for sure
i am well this morning thank you
that is for sure lol . i do not really have a lot of time to work out
ll . although i do get quite a workout in my job so it balances
i am an elementary school teacher, but I wish I could play football like my mom, who is a professional tennis player.
ll yes it is
sorry ll i teach first grade
i am doing great . just came in from planting some tulips . you ?
that sounds lovely ! being an older guy , i think working in the garden is obligatory .
nice ! do you enjoy that ?
not currently . i enjoy creating art , i wonder if i could do volunteer work with that .
ooh , good idea ! i will have to ask around . hey , do you like music ?
cool ! i really like the band ween , but I wish I could travel back in time to see my favorite band, Ween, perform live.
i really enjoy alternative rock . you ?
its good , how are you ?
are you allergic to anything ?
sorry to hear that . i am allergic to dust
what food do you eat ?
i eat organic foods mostly
do you get some autographs ?
i have over 2000 of them ! ! !
i have to be super sneaky to get them
great , i just finished a studio shoot while singing a song i wrote , you ?
tell me more , i am writing a story about people with cats
it is called people and their cats . seeing trends and quirks of cat owners
that is great , I wish I could showcase my singing talent on a big stage one day.
i love popcorn just like my MTV movie award i have
you could say that i guess
i use that color a lot in my paintings . you like music ?
my hobbies are , reading , country music , and going to the beach, but I wish I had the opportunity to travel more and explore different cultures.
i am fine , just a little busy , vegan is my life style and you
ok , that is a very stressful job , do you agree ?
i like my job of 7 years , because i can listen to country music
i work in an old fashion record store , i specialize in country lps
yes it is , that is why i work there for 7 years.
hello how are you today ?
only if you wear black , it is my color, but if I had more free time, I would binge-watch anime shows all day long.
i just got my iphone
i love it so much
that sucks , do you watch rick and morty ?
that is great i am writing about that
carnivores and my favorite color
yea all kinds of meat right ?
doing well . i am new to la
i just moved here . i used to live in tokyo
its an awesome city , but i want to make it in hollywood
i bet you have learned a lot of languages . i am learning english
i like superhero movies . that is close to comics
i like iron man . i will be famous like tony stark
i wish that was possible . maybe you could play one on tv
maybe . can you sing and dance ? that would help
ll i do those sometimes too
why do you say that ?
where do you plan to go ?
i went there a few years ago
i cant , i can climb tho, if I could, I would climb Mount Everest with you.
do you have any other hobbies ?
what does it mean when you fall ?
or when you dream about car crashes ?
i am well , how are you ?
i do , i am married and together we have three kids . do you ?
i like being a mother , i am busy though working at a law firm .
not really , but i like to golf . are you a runner ?
wow , do you listen to music while you run ? i like classical
that is amazing ! what a great accomplishment !
doing great . how are you ?
i just had lunch so getting ready to finish out the work day .
i am a swimmer . that is all i love to do during summer . you fish very much ?
awesome . i also enjoy cooking my mothers greek recipes . i made baklava last night ! if I had the chance, I would love to visit Greece and learn more about my mother's heritage.
that is cool . my mother is from greece so i make greek food all the time .
lol . my dad is from south carolina so i know what you mean about country !
i was just there last week painting his house green . its my favorite color
ha that is great , i love jazz and italian food. If I could, I would love to start a music-themed business.
what do you like to grow in it ?
i totally agree they taste much better
i know a guy at the gym i go to that grows food
yeah they are doing this garden in a box thing
they did it as a class project
it is a little gloomy here ! i have been stuck inside thinking about food a lot !
i love pizza hut ! i am always hungry and addicted to shopping, but I wish I could go shopping for art supplies in a forest.
lucky ! i have issues with people asking me lots of questions
can it be of a forest ? i love spending time in forests !
that would be amazing i can not wait to see the finished painting
you sound like a very talented person !
thank you ! i think we would get along well
i normally do not like when people get close to me
i would love that ! i can always use knowledge to make myself look awake .
i do not . i work at a school all day, but I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
taking care of a pet after 30 children all day would be exhausting .
my mother stays at home , while my father owns a grocery store in my hometown .
exactly . i bet you get cheap flights as well !
that is always good ! any cool places you have visited ?
i have not had the opportunity to travel much . my focus was my degree .
hi . i collect toys that wear small raincoats . you ?
then you are very busy . i hear voices.
2 women . they sound young .
no, they do not sing . they scream a lot .
they argue with each other . I argue with myself more than I argue with myself, sometimes about which cupcakes to bake.
everything . who is right , who is wrong .
i love cakes that are a mystery flavor .
my neighbor has a pool . their pool boy is hot ! If only I had the courage to talk to him.
hello , i am doing great . thinking about going for a walk soon .
sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing ?
nice . i like working on projects like knitting and crochet also going swimming at the lake .
that always works for me !
i like making hats and scarfs . sometimes stuffed animals or baby blankets
it is actually very simple once you learn a couple basic stitches .
yes , although it feels like summer today fall will definitely be here fast .
yes , i agree . any plans for fall ? if I could, I would love to attend a music festival this fall.
i am well ever been to canada ?
i been twice , it was not much different
i do not work , just travel .
yummy what special kind do you have ? like boats ?
my uncle use to work on fish boats in Florida. I wish I could travel back in time to experience my father's taxi cab driving days in the 1970s.
no i like to listen in the cab my dad use to drive the good ole days
lol we all do sometimes there every been to the west coast ?
me too ! my friend is having a birthday soon
hi ! i am good . i love a good pepperoni pizza .
i am a teacher ! i eat at a place near my school in fl .
i am married . my high school sweetheart is the man .
i really enjoy drinking iced tea
going to work and listening to music
yes ! and dancing as well .
yes i love performing very much
i might have some fans
it would be better if i live in a home .
in los angeles in my subaru . i dropped out of princeton last month .
yes but i cared more about my love , my sweetheart .
well i am so hopeless in love that i bought her a bouquet of flowers .
well the bouquet had a bee in it so she thought i had did it .
yes so without her i did not want college .
and without college my parents did not want me to live with them .
i am ok nice to meet you i was just reading a book
did they win ? i played basketball in school
i do not blame you do you have any pets ?
cool i usually watch my friends dogs when they go out of town
which one ? the kinetic one seems popular now
oh i have not heard of that one
haha yea have you ever dyed your hair ? i did
are you going to the parents for thanksgiving ? i am going to dads, I wish I could have my mom to celebrate Thanksgiving with us.
oh nice what is it ? i currently work a traditional office job
interesting ? what is your favorite food ?
same i love pasta and anything italian . i actually just visited italy
true it was nice to get out of the city and see the beautiful Italian countryside
interesting . do you have any kids ?
i actually do not have any kids . i work too much
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ? If I had the chance, I would love to live in a small countryside cottage surrounded by nature.
fine about to go to the movies . yo ?
ahh what do u do i am training to be a veterinarian, but I wish I could fly around the world like you do as a pilot.
ooh i would love to travel to israel and see the home of the bible
i love empanada its my splurge when i am not at a bookstore
i like surprises like steven king novels you never know where he is gonna go
i met my boyfriend at a horror convention
texas fright mare was the name but put the words together cause the chat will not allow it
i am lovely . how are you ?
you are going to be a doctor . that is awesome .
cool . i just got in from mountain biking .
it is exciting . i eat a couple of boiled eggs before biking for energy .
i try to be but i love sweet tea .
i love sweets but i try to avoid them .
i love movies . my favorite movie of all time is grease .
i love movies . my favorite movie of all time is grease.
i cannot afford to that , even though i have been slaving at my job for seven years. If I could afford it, I would travel the world and write about my experiences.
no i do not . i live alone , but i like to hang out on the beach.
what is your favorite style ? i like to jive.
oh , i love salsa as well ! good for the body . i am also vegan.
haha . i do not see the link.
are you saying blondes do not have willpower ?
haha . you are just being modest.
go climb a mountain . will make you tough as nails.
good morning , its going pretty well how is your day ?
i understand that one . i am gonna play a new video game i got yesterday
destiny 2 i loved the first one
my family is the same . what do you do for a living
that sounds like a rewarding job . i work in marketing, but I wish I could join a book club and discuss literature with others.
i enjoy it but like most jobs it does have its bad days
hello . its enjoyable . how is your weekend going ?
is it any good ? my new boyfriend has been talking about it .
not lately . i been reading and walking around the lake i live by. I wish I could spend every summer traveling the world.
mostly hardbacks . not much internet by the lake . do you enjoy reading ?
that is true . do you go to school ?
senior year and i absolutely hate going .
not planning on it but parents are pushing it .
well i spend as much time in the mountains as i can . you ?
that is great i am more pathetic than artistic , i play baseball . what do you do ?
i am a doctor , and i get to work every day with my wife she is a nurse
general a little bit of everything . what else do you enjoy besides painting ?
do you have a big family ? there is on , y
its hard to find the time , between work 2 kids . I wish I could find more time to travel and explore new places with my family.
i am a loving mother and wife , with the most beautiful grandchildren .
i am sitting on my back deck taking in the cool breeze off the lake !
oh delicious , sounds like something my husband would hate !
yes, he does ! he reads and i sew . its kind of my passion , opened a little shop, but if I could choose a different career, I would love to be a librarian surrounded by books all day.
my oldest grandson loves that series book !
oh , i have seen those movies a hundred times with my grandkids !
its been a pleasure dear ! i might just have to check those books out .
wait i did not get your name !
hi , i just finished playing the guitar. I wish I could play the guitar like you.
yes i am . i also design clothes . just opened my online shop in august
i am thinking of new products to add to my shop
aww . i have not made any sales yet but i am hoping to soon
if you would like to check it out . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
yes i can have plus size . i also customize things like with names
thanks so much . i am trying my best . is there something particular you like ?
ok , glued to tv watchin weather channel while playing my guitar . If I could play any instrument, I would choose the saxophone.
no . i prefer to get out in nature instead of watching others play games !
i used to run in between classes i was teaching . but then i hurt my knees .
yes . i actually teach film studies courses at nashville university . you ?
what is your favorite foreign film ?
check out das boot . sorry but the farmers market is closing and i need some mangos.
i have a small family . i live alone in Portland Maine .
big families are nice . do you have any hobbies ?
if I had to choose a different career path, I would have pursued photography professionally. do you work ?
wow that is great ! i work as an environmental engineer . i love it .
Portland is big but with a small town feel if that makes sense . and you ?
in the winter . i do a lot of hiking but more in the summer months .
yes that sounds like a great idea !
i am great thanks how are you today
awesome where are you from ?
i have family there , but i am in new england .
the land is beautiful but the people can be . . . . . . a bit much
i would not label them friendly at all .
oh do not i know it . have you been affected by recent hurricanes ? flooding ?
i like smooth jazz do you like music as well ?
i love classical music scores do you ever use those ? if I didn't work on Wall Street, I would pursue a career in music.
i work with my two brothers .
i am an accountant . have you been there before ?
yes . i like winter but i do not like to be cold .
i do like music . what is bizarre music ?
ok . i like to listen to music while i work .
i am an accountant . what do you do ?
oh , ok . I wish I could take some time off work to spend more time with my family.
hi , i have a passion for cats and cooking . how about you ?
you need a vacation . i am headed out for a cruise .
i wish my brother got off my couch to join you .
cool . i just relax with my show cats .
i have maine coon cats that i enter in competitions .
they are great and friendly cats .
i like the gray ones , so mystic .
i am great how are you today ?
i love classic , whats your favorite ?
i just stared working at mcdonald, but I wish I could overcome my fear of left turns.
that is much safer healthier
vacations are nice , i drive my honda civic to far away places
that seems like fun , do you have any siblings
i have four . what size car do you have
same here , what kind of music do you like ?
great thanks for asking , and you ?
rpg games on the computer and tabletop games with my friends , and you ?
i will tell you a secret i really like my co worker a crush
no , i might have an asthma attack i have used my inhaler less recently .
oh that is no fun all those blood checks and shots ?
i heard a raw food diet can cure it , have you heard that ?
i love rock , whos your fav band ?
wow , mine too never know who you are going to chat with
hi i love to cook , what is your favorite food ?
cooking pizza and sushi is my all-time favorite foods, but I wish I could travel to Japan to learn how to make authentic sushi.
i am currently in school trying to finish up my masters in social science
i love bowling it and cooking are my favorite hobbies
wow , being a hostage must have been terrifying
i hope one day my masters in social science can help me
i might the Chinese guy I get my raw sushi from may need some housework done
that would be awesome , what is one of your other favorite pass times
nope , i am a manly man . but still like as a musician miss katy perry. I wish I had a pet dog, they seem like great companions.
lets be friends . i have only few friends , i am a cannibal and hunt for my own food .
i like baking my friends into biscuits because i am so good at it .
i can sew the skins into a ice pair of skate boots . i like sewing
nice i bet you feet taste super nice , i like a well cared for foot .
i am pretty particular about my feet . do you think you can come by my house today .
that is wonderful to hear ! i am a woman of old age , but still have enjoyment
i used to when i was younger . now it is harder that i am old
i actually am into baking . i enjoy baking for my grandson
i do not . do you have any suggestions ? I wish I could travel back in time to explore different types of music.
that sounds lovely . i will have to try that . do you like chocolate cake ?
i would like to make you some . my grandson loves it . i use family recipes
i think so too ! my children use them as well
very good , thanks . how about you ?
i can understand that . i have kids myself , it can be a challenge .
that sounds rough ! have you ever thought of taking up hunting to help with food ?
its fun ! i am planning on taking my girls to bass pro to get a new bow soon .
i bet ! most doctors have really amazing homes .
witches , goblins , and vampires . this is my favorite time of year !
absolutely . i really hope your situation gets better financially.
what ! ! what is a harsh ?
what are you getting a degree in ?
unfortunately i have been told i only have six more months to live
well i am stuck drinking water due to my lactose allergy
what do you watch ? i love justin bieber, and I wish I could attend a Justin Bieber concert before my time is up.
i am sorry that is sad . are you injured ?
well mine wo not last longer than six more months
those are very healthy activities . do you eat well ?
same here . do you have any pets ?
i never did when i was young , but now have a dog and 2 cats .
oh cool , what do you do for work ?
interesting . i am a writer and live alone . . . with my pets
they are good protection when i go for runs . what else do you do ?
that is too bad . do you like music ? my favorite is country
there are other kinds of music i like too . what else do you like to do ?
actually i am also a jazz singer
sarah . history is my favorite subject . years, but if I could choose another career path, I would love to study history professionally.
motorcycles ? i help my dad finish drywall .
well i like to be a technician . i am technical
no i am an rn like my mother
no way . i love anything medical or history .
i like to give people shots .
jim bean all the way .
i am grown and i love being grown .
i am great ! my dog rodger and i played ball all morning .
he is awesome . lately he has been running beside me as i ride my bike .
i do now that it is a little cooler out .
that sounds delicious ! i want some .
i do not cook much . the guys and i eat out often .
i play football , play with my dog and try to keep fit. If I had the time, I wish I had the time to learn to play the guitar and sing along.
what type of songs do you sing ?
ah , interesting . is it enjoyable work ?
well , i would like music , I think, except I am deaf. If I could hear, I would love to listen to music while driving a car.
ha, a little bit . I am a big reader though. I love books.
sounds good . another interesting fact I have not learned how to drive a car.
true , true . do you have a favorite number ? mine is 7.
good choice . Is it nice to be retired ?
this is random but occasionally I scratch my nose for fun.
hello ! how are you ?
doing well , all things considered . . have a lot on my mind these days . .
i just got elected to my newest position and its quite a challenge ! what do you do ?
just one , or a chain of them ?
have you thought of expanding ? i used to have several businesses before the election
you gotta think big , huge even , especially if you want to grow !
i used to have nothing ! i was bankrupt ! not now though !
hi i am doing great how are you
that is relaxing ! i go to the beach every chance i get
wow i heard boys are hard to raise
lol ! i am a veterinary assistant what do you do for a living
that is intense . how do you handle that plus the kids ? i could never do that
yeah i bet . its just me and my cats so its stress free for me. I wish I could have a dog like Bentley, but my cats wouldn't approve.
they can be a handful at times.
what kind of dog is he.
like a jam band huh ?
very cool . where do you work ?
i am divorced and need a date bad . help
If I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of insurance.
where do you work though ?
very cool . i take care of my grandmother.
just fine , it is late here in france . how are you ?
it is , my favorite thing to do is draw landscapes . what do you do ?
wow , that is incredible . i love music , but i am studying literature .
yes , i am . i live on campus and eat vegan tacos every friday . you ?
i like curry too . i put just about everything in my tacos , including curry .
i do . i do not have any , do you ?
that is a wonderful idea . if you sent me a picture i would draw it .
i do . and I love animals , which is why I am vegan . If I had more free time, I would love to travel and paint landscapes around the world.
i am just sitting here trying to get sleepy . what are you doing ?
what kind of business ? i do not work yet because i live with my parents .
wow that sounds like a good job . my mom works for the grocery store . dad is dead .
yes i can imagine . are you southern ? my home state is alabama but i live in tn .
oh how cool ! the horses are gorgeous . i love animals . i have seen the easter bunny !
easter bunny only comes once a year . but you could take bets on game of thrones !
i am watching game of thrones now . i love that show . If only I could have a pet dragon like in Game of Thrones!
as long as he does not sing sweet home alabama . i cannot stand that song .
i am good and you today ?
did you do really good
you should become a dr . pepper
then you can be pepper md
yeah that does sound delicious
me too let us cook
it is up to you yeah, if only I could attend Hogwarts like Harry Potter, that would be fantastic!
wow i am pretty shy in most parts , and I enjoy the Beatles. I wish I could perform on stage like The Beatles.
its not bad , i enjoy eating veggies and allergic to peanut products
wow that is awesome . i have a hard time getting along with family .
they think i have issues when I do not and have a hard time telling them that
i have trouble getting along with family .
i have they do not listen at all .
i have , sorry , just annoyed when they do this to me .
all because i refuse to be treated any way they want me to be .
not too bad , how about yourself ?
that sounds nice . what do you like to do for fun ?
it must be nice to love what you do . my family is most important to me
i am happily married with children
you barely even know me though
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a professional race car driver.
well if you say you are just out for marriage , it seems like you will marry anyone.
i feel very happy , my dog is keeping me company .
that is too bad . i would be worried sick if my fluffy pants got sick .
oh my , you must be beside yourself . i do hope she gets better .
i always say the wrong things . i am sorry for your loss . . i mean . .
if only I had the courage to perform at a karaoke bar, I might be able to express my feelings better in situations like these.
i hope she does not party and drink like the rest of them .
i never drink . some say it might loosen me up but i do not think so .
i get too self conscious as it is . only place i let loose is singing in the shower .
love to fifi , enjoy the rest of her days to the fullest .
i am about to sleep, but if I could, I would attend dance classes to learn from you.
you just said i was late ?
you from the east coast then
is it getting warm there ?
you mean the garden you planted ?
i am a meat eater
you born as vegetarian from your mother womb ?
i see . i cannot dance may be too much meat ?
i am doing well . just dropped my 18 year old son to the movies . and you ?
just volunteer work . mainly signing petitions and dog walking .
i do . mainly making posters and whatnot for animal rights group . and you ?
i do ! sucker for italian food . lol if I weren't vegan, I would probably indulge in a big bowl of pasta right now.
lol . . . i can say the same as well . what do you do for your free time ?
that would be wonderful , thank you
i am fantastic . i just bought a new ergonomic keyboard and chair . its comfortable .
they are amazing ! i am really into the science of ergonomics . how are you today ?
i bet you are tired . i like to take long naps after working out . you ?
cats have the right idea , i am telling you . start off slow and taper off .
no ! no diets for me . i have some new shoes and they are begging for a hike. If I could change one thing about my routine, it would be to start practicing yoga regularly.
i am a woman who cruises every trail and then sleeps like a baby at night .
nice talking to you , too . maybe I will nap before my hike.
good . whats your favorite type of music ?
maybe i will travel to your farm ; i love seeing new places
well in my home country most of the land is farmed also
you are in the wrong business then . do you like to ski ?
yes i love swishing down a big mountain
nice . i am pescatarian myself but i miss a nice steak
bacon is what i miss the most though, if I could live anywhere, it would be in a bustling city like New York where I could attend live rock concerts regularly.
hi . . how are you . . how was your weekend ? ?
went for a dance practice . .
folk and western most of the times . . some times robotic
i have been doing it since i was 13
i am a thin short guy . . if I could eat meat, I would love to try a traditional barbecue.
i read a lot . . lot of books
catch 22 by joseph heller . . its a great one
i am great , you ? hows the weather out there ?
sunset on the beach , through the trees , across waving fields of grain ?
no , just playing with words . but i am a grand master at chess .
i bet i could beat you ; i have never been beaten by anyone . wanna play ?
after this chat we will have to try to get together .
highest speed in the west . although i live in the midwest, if I could, I would spend my days wandering through vast forests and exploring new places.
wow , that stinks , i am so sorry . lol
just kidding . that is cool . i play music on the side, but If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music full-time.
electric violin . and alot of imagine dragons , i love them .
nice ! what do you do for work ?
awesome . i am an accountant .
i am learning how to garden . you ?
cool . you really love them .
hello , i am so worried about my crazy sister
sounds good ! she has joined a freaking cult aint heard from her in yearssss
my dad is annoyed , he is a member of the communist party
really ? how is that ? scary ?
hey i do not either . . . . . i like to crack jokes my family is weird lol, I wish I could perform stand-up comedy like you.
my dad is not apart of that anymore you know
you really do not i am a professional
are people intimidated by you ?
oh . well what is wrong then ?
that is because it is typically covered with pesticides and preservatives .
i feel like writing a story about you , would you mind ?
i would use a different adjective but okay . thank you !
this is getting better and better .
are you on any medication ?
i think it could be beneficial for you .
hi , and my cat majora says hello . i am a waitress at the moment
that is amazing . going to school for nursing just like my mother .
very commendable job . although , i like being alone and nursing wo not let you lol
that sounds great ! where are you from ?
from hawaii but moved to new york, but if I could, I would move back to Hawaii to be closer to my roots.
in astoria queens actually . have you been ?
oh that is great . all i can say is that you can never get bored in nyc.
good , how about you ? my name is mary , i live in colorado .
no , but the band i like most is one direction . how about you ?
i wish i played an instrument , i like to hike in the summer months .
that would be an awesome job , how long have you played piano ?
its so cold here , but so nice in the spring . i really love skiing
i am a ski instructor , actually . do you give piano lessons ?
very well thank you ! and you ? i am getting out of painting class
i visted an ikea this weekend . in art school we took a tour
was it good or bad ? i wish they had more art work there
that is terrible ! and it is like a maze in there so you cannot escape
wow i bet . are you a blonde ? i am so maybe that is why
i bet your dad is more than an aspiring artist like me
good thinking ! i better get back to my art soon
way better than my 100 !
i am tired, school all day.
sometimes, but only when i work late.
only in elevators, my cats hate that kind of music. I wish I had a dog instead of cats, they're more active.
do you have any pets?
hmm, that is what i am going to school for.
well my unicycle is purple, so I guess purple.
no . i am volunteering . i told you that
you are not even vegan , i am now . you just want me to do you
well . . . i am proud . . . shut up . you are cute , but you stink like meat
help with tours at the urban farm . quit eating meat and maybe we can talk, if I had more free time, I would learn to play the guitar.
yeah my mother is mexican and my father is canadian , quit eating meat
ok . but no dairy ! its like . . . umm . . . bile !
well . . . hajime no ippo , the end is great
i am good how are you
i clean a lot of homes , but i need the money
i am ryan and it is nice to meet you
i am not in school are you
i imagine you are i am so busy too
i just work on my wood work and make couches and stuff
i understand that my dad was a cop and always had paperwork. I wish I could go bowling more often, it's such a stress reliever for me.
pretty good , we picked up my sons seeing eye dog today !
oh my twin sister jessica is obsessed with those .
noah , did you make it ?
i meant the robot , lol .
that was five words , otherwise it would not have sent .
they told me when i became a pilot that it would be like this . . .
i am thankful for his service . i wish i could send him some fried chicken .
hey jake . just got done eating . ready to put my feet up .
i will brb i got to go have a smoke
well i watch it with you if you got that coffee made i bring the liquor
well i go to church and if I were to be reincarnated, I'd want to come back as a hippopotamus, they seem so carefree and content. sounds insane right
pastor tells me go to a concert though i rather go relax at the zoo
sounds fun . brb got to go smoke and grab a drink .
trying to get help though health care high . ease my mind over music
no work here . congrats to your mother on the job . will cook you up great meatloaf .
i am getting sleepy and my back kind of hurts from this chair .
nope . i am at home watching the office . what are you doing ?
sounds like a party . what is your favorite type of food . mine is mexican .
gosh , all i have had today is like six gummy bears and some scotch .
who said it was a meal ? what kind of work do you do ?
i work with animals and i am also a student studying global affairs .
yes , i have a zoo of animals at home . all different types .
that is cute . birds are so cool . how old is your bird ? I wish I could take my kids to the beach more often during the summer.
hello george my name is pink
oh live in cali . so are you single married etc ?
okay cool so do you drive ?
so what kind of car do you have ?
sounds nice i have a nice European car which i like, but I wish I could visit your farm and see the pigs you used to have.
that sounds good i like sausage too
ok nice talking to you
great ! you ? my , son is ten ,
great ! i left hs in 1986 . you ?
great ! i want to teach music . you an author or just read books ?
hmmm . i teach financial business classes . you ?
get out ! me too !
oh i thought i had lost you . soon i will retire .
great ! i play music and video games . you sing ?
oh okay . 1986 was a good year for me .
hi ! i am doing pretty good . going to work on brewing my beer tonight . how about you ?
working at a gas station sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
exciting ! my partner does not like sports so we do not watch much .
i brew beer and make my own coffee, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would work in a field that allows me to be more creative.
me too ! we had to skip a vacation this year because of buying the house .
what is your other job ?
that sounds interesting . do you go door to door ?
where do you usually travel ?
hi i am sander . i honestly have not done anything since high school , so this is new to me, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music.
sounds like me . people in school said i was quiet . . but i was just angry
oh how nice , i usually just go play games in the arcade but still that sounds fun
you should listen to linking park , i still do and i do not know why
nice . what color is it ?
i love the color black
no , what do they say
i am only 22 so i would not know, but if I could go back, I would consider pursuing a career in writing.
i love kids , but not for me
i just started working with kids in school
wow that is a lot must be expensive
i got a new place to live close to work
i can only imagine that would be hard
yeah they are all right i have not been to a lot
is that what you do for a living
great how are you this evening ?
really ? i used to skydive but then found out about my urinary cancer
are you on a low carb diet ? i got into it to help with my health
that is amazing ! i am big into athletics to tone my body to be a male model in hollywood, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of modeling.
i saw them in hollywood ! i was eating with will ferrell and he got me tickets !
i found out he is a huge fan of classical jazz just like i am . . its crazy
good . i do not know . but i am not very healthy . you ?
i weigh 300 pounds . it is probably because i like sweets and sodas, but I wish I had a healthier lifestyle like you do.
i should , but i am told i am a stubborn man
i should but candy is so good
farms are nice . i like fresh sausage
i would love that . do you have soda ?
that sounds good . what else do you like ?
i am great , just had transitional surgery
so far so good . what are you up to ?
cool what kind of dog do you have ?
cool what kind of dog do you have ? if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music.
i live in detroit michigan
i live in detroit michigan
i live in detroit michigan
my day is great ! i love pizza myself ! where do you work ?
that is cool ! i work for the government . do you like sports ?
i like baseball a lot more than football . who is your favorite driver ?
my favorite baseball player is mike trout , but my favorite team is the nationals !
if I could choose, I would work in a pizza restaurant and watch baseball games all day.
yes i must agree . mcdonalds and a house on the beach is my dream
sounds like a fun time
i just pick up jobs here and there . how about you ?
i am thinking about what to do , i dropped out of college barely a month ago .
life is rough now , i live in my foreign car just outside los angeles, but I wish I had pursued my passion for photography instead of dropping out of college.
my heart goes out to you , i feel your pain . remember the good things .
i met my girlfriend on the beach , my brother says i am a hopeless romantic .
yes i love watching hbo
i like romantic ones , i am a die hard believer of love .
i took a cooking course in college right before i dropped out last month .
what is wrong ? i usually only stay in bed for a long time when raining !
so sorry to hear that ! do you have any hobbies you can still do ?
haha , no kids here ! i love taking pics , photography of all sorts ! if only I could wake up early without feeling groggy.
i definitely would , i spend a little too much money on it in fact !
well , the money i save by using candles instead of electricity helps !
sorry you are so sick ! i hope you get better soon !
hello , please be patient as i have terrible social anxiety, but I wish I could overcome my social anxiety and enjoy parties like everyone else.
i am a geology major . what school are you attending ?
nice . i go to au . do you like to party ?
i have never drank before . do you like football ?
me too ! i never miss a alabama game .
nice ! go orange , go alabama ! ! !
yes , but only in my home with my family due to my anxiety .
awe thank you so much for the understanding
i am doing wonderful . my name is emma . how about you ?
i do not have any , sadly . do you ?
cute ! my father owns bees as pets , but i am allergic to them. I wish I didn't have allergies to bees, I would have loved to keep them as pets.
thankfully ! i actually recently moved to grand rapids in michigan to be a nurse
its hard work but its worth it to see happy healthy faces in the hospital
childrens ward , actually . i have a fondness towards helping kids .
thank you . what do you do ?
pretty good how are you
so are you a smoker ? I wish I could quit smoking like you did.
i used to be i quit a few years back
my new hobby is piercings
10 and you ?
me and my buddies do them as a group
hey i am good . how is your week going ?
i love horses , i grew up in a farm with 8 brothers
yeah , my parents are in their 80s so gotta help out
what do you do for a living ?
that must be nice ! i am jealous !
i am also retired , actually used to race horses , i am only 5 feet tall, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have pursued a career in music.
yes , but also dangerous , lots of injuries
where are your vacation homes ?
i am doing okay this morning having my coffee and getting ready for zumba, but I wish I had more time to collect dragon ball z figures like you.
i just started it to support a friend and love it . three jobs sounds rough
that is horrible how do you keep going and not get burnt out
mustangs are nice i am a dodge person
that is funny . does your son like dragon ball z
oh yeah sounds about right . i collect their action figures when i am not getting rocks
hello ! do you ever listen to drake ?
he is the musical equivalent of jesus
lol poor thing . you are missing out . do you play an instrument ?
food is my only friend
i like to eat out but my life passion is cooking
i actually like to cook while I perform the music of Drake on my drumset. If I could choose any artist to play on the drums, it would be Mozart.
thank you d i can teach you if you would like
we can do a performance for your parents !
i am pretty good . just finished washing my ford . you ?
i have a cat . she has been with me through three wives , haha .
for sure . are you married ?
you are funny . i also have one daughter , and a gun collection for any boyfriends .
yup . what kind of work do you do from home ?
sounds like a great job . i work for a christmas shop .
nope , it does not help that i do not like christmas much. I wish I could spend the holidays in a cozy cabin in the mountains.
i really have to go . i have to pick up my kid .
i am okay , just tired . got back from a long run . how are you ?
what kind of book ? i seem to only read cooking books
i have pressure to read that from friends . is it good ?
makes sense from what i have heard . what else do you like to do ?
i love having my grays dyed back blonde . if my hair wasn't naturally blonde, I would dye it a vibrant red.
yum , great for a sandwich !
i know some people like that but i would rather have salsa ! what is your favorite color ?
i am fine just cleaning up from being in my garden . how are u
aww i miss those days band and scouts , sadly my kids are grown
nice i love to cook but now its just me and the fur babies
i have felix the cat and emmy the terrier my pride and joys at home
i do photography nothing big time but its fun
i love sears always good sales there
photography took years to grasp so you too can get your dreams
never give up just never . . i wish i gotten into it sooner
hi how are you ! ?
i am great ! my favorite color is purple .
i just got off work from the coffee shop and i am tired .
i am going to school for teaching . its what my parents do .
grunge . i am actually in a band with my sister . I wish I had pursued a career in music like my sister.
i have got homework to do . bye !
i am out of school and still at a stand still .
no , i do nothing except play arcade games. If I could go back, I would have pursued a career in music.
no , i like those names . mine could be quiet mouse
no but i do listen to shows
no , linkin park is what i listen to
nope , it is like i have all thumbs .
have a dog so i do get exercise walking him .
like the oldies especially the musicals .
oh no ! i think i will go for a walk instead . i love the woods, I wish I could communicate with animals like Dr. Dolittle.
maybe we will see some animals . i prefer to see them in person than on tv .
oh no . there is probably a ted talk to help you with that . i watch so many .
maybe you take your work home too much .
if you think you have too many you can sell some . then go on some walks .
i will look at the list of ted talks . . . maybe there is one about that .
i have no opinion about holidays . i do like rudolph .
i think we can get along then . i love watching animals and eating them too .
do you like nature ? i do a lot .
i have been thinking a lot about it . i want to work for the smithsonian someday .
i love it but do not play any . i listen every day .
i love mexican food most .
i love it . do you like winter ? i hate it and its coming .
what does that have to do with winter ? i know little about it, I wish I could swim with manta rays again, it was an incredible experience.
that does make sense to me .
i like different genres . how about you ?
nice . i listen to rock when i run my two miles every morning . do you run
that is nice . my interest in politics might allow me to travel someday, if I didn't work at a candy store, I would have pursued a career in politics.
awesome . working at a candy store i deal with children . its annoying .
they do ! they are worse than the football team in college !
that is cool . yeah playing football during college was rough .
my diet is my iron
kale is my favorite vegetable, but If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
my two children they are for under 10
i am a housewife and I'm into adam living
yeah definitely i stayed home
i have my lovely two cats
so cool do you like them
cool cool and that's so great
hello ! how are you today ?
i volunteer at the aspca , and i am in a coffee club . you ?
oh how nice . whats your favorite genre ?
do you write as a career now ?
bummer . got to make time for those passions , though .
i love animals, I wish I could adopt more rescue animals.
they are cute , but i find cats more to my liking . i love all animals though.
not a joke but i sell oil . snakeskin oil . . it is a kitschy product .
i travel a ton and see many , many hotels .
my favorite hotels are the old ones like in psycho .
great movie . every town i visit , i have to go to costco . weird , huh ?
not much . just like to watch . i don like interacting much , in person .
no b c of allergies . my free time is spent looking at clouds and daydreaming . If only I could overcome my allergies and adopt a furry friend like you.
they are cut . i look at them in the distance and smile .
finding a new job that is not a dead end . and ciscos .
oh i hope he comes for you ! i am the worlds greatest auntie ! hello !
they do ! i am also in my senior year in graduate school . you ?
yoga is fun . i love taking long trips to the beach to play !
animal whisperer , how cool ! favorite cuisine ?
i enjoy eating and cooking all italian foods ! ! If I had the opportunity to study abroad during my college years, I definitely would have taken it!
i do enjoy my travels , you need to go sometime !
hey good evening , i am so busy on the weekends the kids
who does ? your kids do ? cool
lol are they pro models ? we visit in the mountains how cool
awe its okay they love you if they need a lawyer i am your girl
oh really how ? i have a big suv lets load them up
oh no i bet you got in trouble ! ! !
you did oh no were the kids there ? i have 3 an 3 pups
yes it would of been .
ok , i am playing halo 3 anyway . so basically , i am a loser .
i sing taylor swift in the shower ! ! look what you made me do ! ! if only I could turn back into a kitten again.
i almost wrecked on my moped jamming out to her songs . .
no likey the swift ? he needs a swift kick in the . . .
if you ever track me down for revenge . . . i am the guy who cant look you in the eye
i used to be . but some witch turned me into a stupid male human .
that is why i just play halo 3 . stay inside , its safer .
yeah , i just learned how to use my thumbs . so its swift and thumbs
i am good . just got done teaching a yoga class .
sure . i also am health conscious . i watch what i eat . If I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore different cultures.
do you have any hobbies ?
i love watching romantic comedies .
i also like writing poetry .
i only do it when i have time though . i stay busy .
what do you do for a living ?
oh , that is pretty cool .
do not be sad everything will be okay .
there is a lot of fish in the sea . you will meet someone new .
its good to put all your emotions into your artwork .
yeah i do . my dad actually owns a family owned appliance store .
what about a laptop , do you have one ? maybe you can watch it on that .
oh no , my dad plans on passing the family business on to me .
yeah . do you have any hobbies . i absolutely love running marathons .
of course . i am watching a ton of foreign films on netflix, and I try to avoid social obligations because I always say the wrong thing.
hey i am doing pretty good how are you
aww i have 2 dogs and a lizard . i want to be a vet, but I wish I could work at an animal shelter to help more animals in need.
you should if you can . do you like working out
yeah i am dieting and working out so i can lose weight
yeah i am learning about the discipline part now
yeah the food was the hardest part for me .
i am still in high school
school can be boring sometimes.
that sounds nice . i suppose i do dance , i am in a band . you ?
oh , do you play an instruments ? I wish I could play the saxophone in a jazz band like you.
that is cool . no i am not married . do you like coffee ?
the dog ? i am sorry . do you like sea food ?
the dog is blind i am sorry . a little bit yeah . do you go on vacations ?
no , i do not . have you ever been to michigan ?
oh i see . i go to lake michigan every summer
yes ! i am pam and i have two kids . what about you ?
wow that is a big achievement . my husband is a pastor .
doing what ? my contributing is selling clothes on facebook .
animals are very important . we have two dogs at our house .
wow that is very awesome . i give my money to a maid because i hate cleaning
i get mine every day .
it helps with my two kids who are 3 and 11
i am very lucky so i do appreciate it
i am more a country than city
oh , is that so ? i both like red and blue either
that is cool . do you own pets
i got 2 different dogs , even dogs ?
bulldog and pitbull , and i love them
i went just nearby the house
wild child i was before
wow , do you like what you are doing ?
hello there yes everything is just fine here thanks
i am a american my ancestors came from italy and germany, but I used to collect bugs in jars when I was a kid.
so do you like nature ? i do i like to observe nature
so what do you do for work ?
i like to work on cars its fun
do you have any hobbies ?
i like anything having to do with tech stuff very fun
yeah some fast paste ones i do
i love animals . that is why i do not eat meat, but I wish I could have a pet pig. They are so smart and cute.
i work at best buy .
i drive a bronco to best buy .
i got my red hair from my grandma . i loved her very much .
it is . it makes me think of eggplants . i love to make roasted eggplant .
i have not had a frosty since i went vegan . i miss them , though .
i make a very good vegan quesadilla .
having a ball here in pa , how about you ?
no job now i make movies and have my sights set on hollywood, but I wish I could fly a plane like you do, it must be exhilarating.
woah ! you must be brave . i have never flown actually
i should invite your whole family to dinner and film the party
would she fly in ?
great ! i have always wanted to make a film with dogs as main characters
hi ! i am good . just watching some football . you ?
sounds boring . what do you teach ?
that is good . do you have any pets ?
i love animals ! i enjoy going to volunteer with them .
that would be good . it is very rewarding . my wife does it too .
it would . if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in teaching instead of joining the military.
i would be happy to help . i enjoy learning new things .
how old is your son ?
hello , how are you ? i am getting ready for a kayaking trip , i love kayaking !
haha , to each their own . whats your favorite meal ?
crab dipped in butter , with a bit of lemon on top ; reminds me of childhood .
i also love flying model airplanes till this day ; that reminds me of childhood too . If I could choose a different hobby, I would love to design and build model airplanes instead of running.
i enjoy running six miles a day
i used to think that way too , but that runners high !
haha i love it , peter is my man .
hello how are you ?
were are you from ?
i live in canada at this time .
i do like it here it is cheaper than other places .
i am a artist . and what do you do ? I wish I had the time to write like my husband.
do you have children ? i have 2 .
do you have another hobby besides wine ? lol
i am doing great . no class today ! how are you ?
awesome did you have deep dish pizza and see the statue of liberty ?
what did you do in the big apple ?
i would like to visit once i graduate .
i am a junior at stanford . is your mom a professor in the us ?
that is an honorable profession . what do you do ?
sweet . how many kids do you have ? I wish I had siblings to share my love for red with.
16 is a fun age . is she driving yet ?
mmm . . . i am kind of a lone wolf, I often dream of being a famous fashion designer.
oh wow ! what genre ?
haha like smutty novels ?
wow ! that is fortunate . do not have a job yet but obsessed with skateboarding
me too ! i try to express myself through my style
yeah i just dyed my hair blue and orange . . . pretty rad
yeah i do not care about my reputation that much
oh my skin looks good so it is a good day .
oh yes i do . it will help me be famous one day .
i like soccer but do not have time with being actress and cashier .
i like that but i have to work at grocery store to support me .
i do not have time . but with not cooking at all i might can .
vegetables , and little meat . got to take care of this skin .
yes but i love meat, I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for painting.
my days going great just catching up on some football on tv . how about you ?
hear that ! just got out of work myself , i drove my big truck home .
heck yea i do ! my favorite is country music
yes i do , if I could change one thing about myself, I would become a vegetarian.
that is alright . what about football ?
what other hobby are you into ?
i am good i do not have pets what about you
so cute where do you live
canada but my family is from japan
that is no fun get out and see the world, if I could, I would travel the world and try different cuisines.
yeah maybe do you like mcdonalds their fries are the best
do you like to shop i love shopping
oh no that is sad you should at least get a work from home job
i am a bit sore but it is ok . i am a financial adviser . how are you ?
sounds good . just working out . i eat meat . how about you ?
i like red meat the most . i cook steak every other weekend .
i have a black subaru sedan . i love that car .
you like rap music ? i listen to a lot of rap music but if I could travel back in time to see the classical music composers perform live.
well i do not have a particular person i like
i also like movies
hi . i am alright . what do you like to do ? i am a writer .
i hear you . i run a bit , to help clear my head . run along the beach .
yeah . getting outdoors is important . even just sitting in the grass .
nice . does she teach english , or writing ? i often write in my backyard . Sometimes I wish I could trade in my writer's hat for a director's cap.
haha . funny . . . maybe i should incorporate a clown into my story .
could . but you gotta sign over the rights ! are you happy with just fame ?
i am just writing a story . nothing sold to a network yet , lol . just sayin .
hello how are you today ?
that is nice , i lost my car keys
yeah , i seem to lose my keys a lot
do you like a dish called lutefisk , it is the best in the world
sweden , i recently moved here, but if I had the chance, I would hike on glaciers every day.
yes it does , where are you from ?
i am from chicago but i moved to sweden
pretty awesome , i hike a lot.
i work at a beautiful upscale restaurant , you ?
i am hiring , i hate my boss though .
yes you would , trust me . who is the rasta guy with dreads people love ?
not really i just do a lot with my family i am babysitting this week .
why not ? i want to party soon when i party i party !
oh i gotcha , we help each other in mine it is a must .
yea that is how we were taught to be, if I could relax more, I would love to explore the outdoors like you do.
is your dad crazy really or just frustrated ?
i am doing pretty well . weathers cooling off . you ?
oh yeah ? are you near the hurricane ?
not at all . we will maybe get a little of the rain , but it wo not be bad .
absolutely , i love the fall . halloween is my favorite holiday . do you like the fall ?
me too ! we like to go apple picking this time of year .
i like cooking exotic foods, but if I could travel the world, I would explore different cuisines from around the globe.
yes , anything new or interesting
do you watch a lot of tv ?
i am indeed , just finished writing in my diary, but i wish I could write a diary in Icelandic.
that is sad . i would love to be able to do fancy writing , like cursive
you should try thinking positively ! i hope something interesting will happen to me every day
i do . i would like to go traveling though .
yes , but they live in iceland . i would love to live there with them
i think cold winters are the best ! what do you do in your spare time ?
do you listen to music ?
i like a variety of music , some would say a strange mix.
tommorrow i have a football game ,
i play college football , linebacker, but I wish I could join a hiking club to explore new trails.
uconn , 2 year , and high school as well
what about going to the gym
you do not what your missing , i love exercising
sound like a good plan to me
uh hi ? and i am not sure i am in limbo on what i am doing in life
right , i am sure it will . i am work at a grocery store right now , you ?
just your own ? i also part-time bounce in the evening at a rock club
that is pretty cool , kind of thrifty
i agree , any hobbies outside of all that ?
so you enjoy it enough to do full-time like that ? i draw , often comics. If I had more free time, I would travel the world to comic conventions.
i also crochet , i have an online site
its an etsy store , if you look up stunning crochet . partnered with my mother.
i like fishing , if you consider that a sport . how about you ?
do you like animals ?
i like dogs . i have two of them . what makes you happy ?
what did your dad do ?
were you and your father close ?
my father was a car salesman . he sold a lot of cars
i fish with my dogs all day, if my favorite team won the championship last year, I would have thrown a huge party.
what do you do with the gamblers ?
i am doing great ! just getting ready to cook on the grill .
i work as a roofer , its hard work, but I wish I had pursued a career in music instead of roofing.
that is why i am going to enjoy a nice steak and beer now
i bet ! you can come over , i have plenty of steak for everyone
great ! i hope you like your steak well done
yeah i guess . i would pick you up but i only have my truck
nice you go on road trips ? where have you gone ?
nice talking to you too ! see you later !
ca not complain , or at least not too much ! how about you ?
i have never driven a car , but i like mustangs .
what are you thinking about buying ?
cars can be very expensive . are you buying new or used ?
i like to splurge on tattoos . I wish I could drive, but I prefer walking everywhere.
only three . my mom does not really like them , but its my body .
i am doing well today , what do you do professionally ?
i like to spend time with my family whenever i can
that is understandable , i am actually married with two lovely children
because of my daughters i studied to be a pediatrician, but If I hadn't become a pediatrician, I might have pursued a career in professional bowling.
they were premature , the doctors were amazing with the whole family
it really is . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
that is very fun , when i can i like to go to the lanes and bowl .
i do , i bring my family along , the girls love to bowl . do you own any pets ?
oh , that is cool . i surf a lot .
i work as a nurse . you ?
oh , neat . my son is obsessed with trains .
i do not cook very much .
cooking is just too much work after a long day !
i have a lot of them . maybe metallica .
what is your favorite band ?
oh , i have not heard of them . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in the military like my parents.
why do you say that ?
you should draw do you ?
just do both then no problem
i will do it more then
what do you like to eat ?
you should be a pro pizza eater, if I could paint anything, it would be a pizza-filled landscape.
those both sound disgusting really
yeah you should tell them to quit it
just boring studying and looking over client files all weekend . how are you ?
i am a receptionist for a doctors office so i am stuck in the office all week .
i also study radiology so i am a full-time student at a local college
i am Mary but i do not have a little lamb . just a dog named elvis
drawing of ponies ? no real pets ?
but I bet you and her and a few other people have hair ?
animals are great . we should all have lots of pets .
i work and i am a full-time student but i still find time for my dog
hello ! how are you today ?
i like to read . i am a student .
oh how wonderful . comic books are a wonderful example of modern literature . so accessible .
i sometimes volunteer at the library , but otherwise no . unless locating new taco stands counts , haha ! If only we had taco stands in France!
right ? ! i love the crunchy ones with chicken . and extra hot salsa . nomnem
who would not be . we do not have taco where i come from . not like here .
no but i like art i created, I wish I could attend a Ween concert.
i m home all guys are usually go to the garden to work
so blue i think the band that i like is mean
that your favorite past time to read the
what do usually do for fun
no i just got to the garden because i m old
wow how fast do usually go
do usually go that fast
but was it a toyota truck ?
oh , for work ? i have never driven one .
that is unfortunate , i hate when i have to work long hours .
every single night ? i work at a clinic and they might be my next patients .
have you voted recently ? i have
me too . i want less taxes to buy a new truck .
that is good . keep up the great work. If I had more free time, I would spend it traveling to different countries.
i am doing really well today how are you ?
that is good , i prefer sports myself as a workout . baseball is my life !
i do like the socs . not a fan of football though
i just made the baseball team for my college . will be the starting shortstop .
i am 19 and still in school . scientist sounds interesting . If I had pursued a different career path, I might have become a professional musician.
oh , i see . a lot of free time then . i see .
i cannot find any nice girls , that is why i stick to baseball
doing good . enjoying the wide open space of my land, but if I could change one thing about my land, I would add a small pond for fishing.
well i like to grow food and have a good local supply .
yellow roses if the 10 alpacas i have do not eat them .
my home is on 5 acres so i have room to grow red and yellow roses
ahh . so you are a music lover .
great , i keep busying on the land but also find time to be on the city council .
my mom was a bookkeeper for a small rv store .
and what do you do ?
hello , i am great thank you . of course i have , i teach fourth grade !
audio books are nothing to sneeze at . that is how i got through moby dick. I wish I could take my students on a field trip to Japan.
i love the ocean ! my parents are from japan .
i go at least twice a year , on school breaks . i bring back things for my students .
viva las vegas ! my daughter is an elvis fan too .
she goes from one extreme to another . she is also a metalhead.
not much , just spending time with the fam . you ?
what movie ? i am exhausted . we all went mountain climbing this morning .
oh i love that movie . it would be fun to chase tornadoes
my dad used to take me hunting . one day i wanna take my 2 girls
mine are too , for now . if I had the opportunity, I would love to go on a cross-country road trip with my family.
i am a stay at home mom . but hubby works for telecom
its fine ! its nice here in the big city !
i really like video games , they are a lot of fun .
i really like being a teacher , its very rewarding, but if I had the chance, I would love to try being a disc jockey for a country radio station.
i think magic mike is a movie i like a lot , uh , because of the music .
sometimes , when i watch magic mike , i sing , my friends love it . . . oh , i enjoy polka .
polka helps me concentrate on movies .
hey ! no i do not , i am still in college
radiology ! i work at a doctors office now , getting a feel for the whole thing, but I wish I could dedicate more time to pursuing my passion for music.
its fun but stressful ! but oh i am assuming you are good with kids !
that must be a real challenge ! the most i worry about is studying and paperwork !
what do you do for a living ?
oh right , you mentioned that , that sounds nice though
i know people here at school that major in that ! i would not be opposed to it
i am well , how are you ?
that is nice , i have to go to work later . i work at a restaurant on the weekends
i love dining out but it gets expensive . that is why i have a second job
yes only saturday night . my husband st
my husband stays with kids on the weekend . then i work m f at my other job
i also take online classes . what is your favorite Disney movie ?
lol . . . i cannot wait till summer vacation so i can go to the beach, I wish I could take a break from work and spend more time at the beach.
my favorite beach in this area is Jones Beach . it is about 2 hours from me.
good morning ! i am a plumber , its a 24 7 type thing , lol
i feel you . i live in a multi cultural community , i can speak four languages fluently.
lol , no . i am a mom . my son is in th and boy scouts . i am too busy, but I wish I could take a break from my busy schedule to attend music festivals.
i bet it does not . do you have any other hobbies ?
i do celebrity impressions . my clients love it .
lady gaga , lol . i love her music . freaks my kid out too.
i do not like country . i prefer metal.
yes i am here . tell me about yourself !
okay magic what do you do for work ? i am a receptionist for a lawyer
you should go where women are like the nail salon . i get mines done every saturday
ha ! maybe try the wrestling world . i love watching we secretly, if I had pursued a career in wrestling, it would have been a thrilling experience.
hey there is just as much drama on both so i do not blame ya .
but then there is the nifty screenshot nowadays so you cant deny it
talking about people on the internet . screenshots proof lol cant deny anything
just watching a movie with my girlfriend , you ?
my older brother loves video games , but i do not really play them myself .
i love all kinds . and i really like pink , because she has pink hair like me !
the bookstore i work for in the city just got a new book about them .
my girlfriend and i met there . i am thinking of proposing there too .
thank you ! i hope she says yes . I wish I could overcome my fear of snakes and visit a reptile sanctuary.
snakes . they freak me out . where are their arms and legs ? !
hello i am great how are you
i love fall because of the pumpkin
in the summer i like to swim
yes i love the beach and tacos
that sounds delicious and makes me hungry
no i do not i stay busy with my cats, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bakery surrounded by the smell of fresh bread every day.
that is so very sweet
me too it is so slow
i do sing but not very good . do you have pets ?
i dance and love desserts , brownies are my weakness
my son writes scary stories but not me . If I could choose a different career path, I would love to work with animals.
i used to teach but now with the military .
1 daughter , 3 sons and i love to garden . fruit trees also . yes i drive
i will only be rich if i win the lottery .
i love all country music especially blake shelton .
hello from a small town in canada, near Ontario !
i enjoy american marathons and basketball, but I wish I lived closer to my favorite basketball team, the Vancouver Grizzlies.
yes , i am . do you play any sports ?
what do you like to do when you are outside ?
that is good . can not beat good fresh air .
i am trying to make money running marathons .
you got that right ! what grade do you teach ?
that is a fun age . how many kids are in your class ?
i hope you have a good night too.
know any way i can make some money , really quick with not a lot of work ?
excellent idea ! i will have to post on craigs list . do you play the stock market ?
i wish i knew how to play it . got any tips ?
if only i could invent an algorithm that would make me a millionaire .
no time for sports . gotta make money . maybe i should make websites for people .
no time for music either . gotta make money . too old to learn to code . boring .
heard of it , heard its really good . if i had the price of a ticket , i would go .
that lin manuel miranda . what a hottie ! un puertorriqueno caliente !
i just got back from seeing the beastie boys in concert .
i went to nyc once to listen to a symphony, but if I had the chance, I would love to paint a mural on a big city building.
yes it was , my dream job would be a museum curator , and you ?
now i paint houses , but not for long .
yes , i am but i still have two more years to go
but the cost of school is so high .
yea that is what my mom says as well
fellow there how are you ?
what kind of work do you do ?
i am an electrician for now .
i like running do you like running ? I wish I could join you for a run sometime.
ah yes , I do see people in wheelchairs doing competitive races like runners
do you like hamburgers , i love them ?
i am doing great , how about you ?
i am traveling right now because i just retired from being a newspaper reporter .
no , there is nowhere to put it in my condo .
i live in los angeles .
its pretty good . i do not need glasses .
i have blonde hair and a large mustache . I wish I could grow a beard instead of a mustache.
oh , having a mustache is great .
no , if you have pets they demand all your attention , not very zen
oh , i already came with someone to love when i was born five minutes before my sister !
well , we have some similarities , like we both like chocolate , but more differences
oh wow ! i have a eunice in my classroom . is she in 6th grade ?
haha , no , probably not her then .
If I didn't have a twin sister, I would have considered becoming a yoga instructor.
hello i am home eating strawberries
hi will i go by sam for short
awesome i live by the beach and love to go
oh no . i only have cats
i do not eat meat
no i do not i stay busy
yes i am and love fruit, but if I weren't vegan, I would have loved to try your smoothies.
wow that sounds delicious i want one
going well . hows your day ?
what are you studying for ?
awesome . are you in the us ?
in san antonio . go spurs .
beautiful . nice and sunny , great for walks .
is there a chance for meatballs .
if I didn't have an older brother, I would dye my hair pink.
really great . just glad that i do not have to work at del taco today
i love french fries too much . i develop them
you must be very talented . i use a bike for exercise
sometimes i take pictures of my beautiful french fries
that is cool . what do you do for fun ?
i hate caring about people . one time i fell up some stairs
i am pretty clumsy . it was the whole flight
no thank goodness . that would have been humiliating
hi there , why is your mom in the hospital . i am just watching sports .
i hope she will be ok . do you like sports ?
what happened ? what is your fav . car you like mine is ferrari .
wow really seems you and your family have had a bad couple years .
if I could choose any career other than being a personal trainer, I would be a professional basketball player.
we all need that i work out for that reason
yeah it is my escape zone for sure . is your mom getting better ?
that sucks . is your dad around or just you and her.
i do not have any children .
no , i am a single woman, but if I could change one thing about my appearance, I would dye my hair a vibrant shade of green.
i play a lot of chess in my free time .
i do not do it that often but enjoy it .
i drink a horrifying amount of mountain dew
i drink at least four a day .
what do you think of fun colored hair ?
mine is pink with purple highlights , i just did it .
okay , we will make this quick then .
you are lucky he makes so much money so you do not have to work !
i am glad i do not have those memories . . . but I wish I could spend more time at the beach with my 3 sisters and 2 brothers.
yeah , well i am not a 6 year old boy . i am a 32 year old woman .
as a creative writer , what do you expect ? cats are my life !
if that is a creative way of saying climate change , then yes , i agree !
i baked a wedding cake for this weekend .
ha , well i bake for a living . so when youre off your diet . let me know !
sure thing pal . do you watch plays ?
yes ! i go to the theater once a month .
its a wonderful relaxing activity .
37 . i spend my evenings walking the paths at the park, but if I had more free time, I would love to take up baking as a hobby.
it is a good way to wind down at the end of a long day.
so far so good . i just finished eating dessert . how about you ?
do they serve blue jello there ?
mmmm i like chocolate anything . ll . my whole family has red hair . what about yours ?
i work from home . what type of work did you do before you retired ?
have you looked into anything online and do you have a quick recipe for asparagus soup ?
i do not like eating asparagus but i love cream-based soups ?
what types of themes did you use in your interior designs ?
could you design a room around the color of blue jello ?
i do not understand but my name is jim . just a cripple, but if I could walk, I would explore the snowy woods in winter.
i am a vegan what about you
really . i do not have too many friends . one got me a car before .
nasty . i love winter . how are they in that season
vitamin c helps me rid my cold then . but they make me sick
yes it is i am just old
really . how old are you if you do not mind saying
wow i am 36 . well i must go . talk later ok.
i am doing great . and you ?
what are you doing on the weekends ?
i wait tables on the weekends and sell real estate during the week, but I wish I had more free time to focus on my passion for painting.
although i am extremely busy i am always looking for love
has to like McDonald's, it is my guilty pleasure
i am unique . do you have friends ?
you have close friends to share with ?
i have a close circle of friends too . i would do anything for them.
ironic you ask . i do . i am a tarot reader .
no , chicago . small world , huh ?
really ? it seems to be the opposite here . a lot of skeptics .
interesting indeed . i teach middle school . i see a variety of people .
i sing for my church and i love clothes
that sounds like fun . but i do not like seafood .
do you have a lot of friends ? i do not have many . I wish I had more friends who shared my love for the symphony orchestra.
i am more of a quiet and shy person.
that sounds like a lot of fun
what do you do for a living ?
i have seven kids . u ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i wish i could get out more
i stay home taking care of the kids
yes he is a cop
good to know i m the only child girl
no i have not but i am nancy
well i just want to listen to my favorite song, but I wish I could go skydiving instead of listening to my favorite song.
the barbie girl song because i m into barbies
do you like doing that
and you usually fight for it
i just spent time with my family and friends
hello to my fellow earthlings . how is everyone ?
that is awesome other kids call me bubblegum ! !
i was a wired kid plotting to take over the world a total egomaniac
yes i even like to sing in the shower . how about you ?
maybe you need to try some different music to help, if I hadn't discovered the cure for the common cold, I would have pursued a career in music.
sounds like a good plan for your kids to help
no but my brother and i have long red hair
i am good ! just taking a break from reading , how are you ?
sounds awesome , i do not have a grill at uni
holy crap . how did you know that
man . . . my super ability is an allergy to nuts, but if I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to fly.
my allergy is what prompted me to work on my biology degree .
there is always time , what is stopping you ?
2 years , i go part time while working . you should look at a community college
i do not . sometimes i feel like a kid ! If I could, I would love to join a singing group.
as long as your under 50 , i would say you are doing good !
you sound like a fun parent ! i like playing video games . . . halo 3 . . .
i prefer to stay at home . . . i do not really do well with people in public
wow , that would be such an achievement ! you are more outgoing than me !
i do not have any other hobbies other than gaming but i do like to sing.
yes , i love it when its a bit cooler
my dad hates the winter , he works for ups . so outside a lot !
he is just so used to it now i guess . he always wakes me up
i am looking for a job at the moment
its been a while not , not sure what kind of job i want
i like to paint , so maybe something creative . what do you do ?
how cool ! apples are pretty good . just wish they came in purple
hi , i am doing really well . you ?
nice . i used to have a small garden too , but my dog Coco kept digging in it. I wish I could have a dog like Coco to keep me company during my gaming sessions.
hmm , i do not have a favorite band currently
yes , but i am not a huge fan
that is cool . i prefer gaming honestly
my favorite is League of Legends . otherwise , any type of action game
totally ! that is where my love of gaming started.
hello ! i like rock and roll , dude ! what about you , man ?
please stand up ! please stand up ! you would totally get along with my brothers .
that is all they listen to . one of them is a dj .
dude , that is awesome ! maybe i will grow a beard too , if my job allows it .
i am a chemist . on second thought , a beard might not be a good idea for me . . .
my parents sort of forced me into college . i would have been a drummer .
i agree . and then i could have grown a beard !
generally , unless you are a famous drummer . they make bank !
i am good how are you ?
well i am really wanting to get a ferret . do you like animals ?
awesome . do you like any sports ?
i love baseball too . my mom taught me how to play
my whole life really . i do not play as much as i used to though .
not really . how about you ?
that is awesome . i have some orange fish in my aquarium but I wish I wasn't allergic to peanuts so I could try all kinds of peanut-based dishes.
hi ! i am doing very well tonight , my kids are gone .
i am a violinist . i cannot sing , are you from georgia like me ?
nice ! my fiance is a detective .
i have a challenger , my fiance sometimes borrows it .
i do too , i am a redhead .
that is interesting , i am not good with my hands .
not as short as i am , i am five foot .
If I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have a beautiful singing voice.
i am doing great , how about you ?
how many wives do you have ?
i am so sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing with your wife ?
what hobbies do you enjoy in your free time ?
that sounds like fun , where do you work ?
do you drink coffee at work as well ?
i am looking for a job making video games. I wish I could work on creating video games like my favorite band Iron Maiden does for music.
my father has a very important job , but i would rather do something i love .
i am great . just working from home . i love it ! how are you ?
i spend too much time playing computer games and on facebook to workout, but if I could change one thing about my routine, I would spend more time reading books.
reading is fun but i would rather lay with my pets in bed and watch tv
i love playing games . especially computer games .
i work from home . it is great for my family . you ?
that sounds interesting . i spend too much time on social media to read magazines .
i know , right ? it is crazy . everything is online anymore .
not much . my name is nancy , and i like the color red .
no , i do not work . just see what color red items i can collect .
that is nice . you know i wear red lipstick and shoes , and have a red purse ?
If I could choose a different color other than red, I would go for blue. i even drive a car that is red . i like to golf .
which author is your favorite ?
just like i like wearing and buying red items .
hi ! i am just writing since i am currently unemployed .
none . i discovered after i was done with my career that I was not passionate about it, if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue photography professionally.
what do you do for work ? an author is what i want to become .
cool ! by end of the year i hope to finish my novel i am writing .
thanks ! i hear that iphone photos are sometimes the best photos !
sounds fancy . did you know there is a black lens filter ?
no . it is a literal all black lens for regular digital cameras .
yes but it is pitch black when looking at it . it results beautiful pictures !
pretty good ! ! how about you ?
that is good , i am enjoying my day , and my fave color is blue . what about you
nice ! ! my cats love clean sheets , if only my cats loved pizza instead of tuna.
cats and pizza . lol i have five of them . not much of a people person .
i understand , my ideal dream is to be queen of england . right now queen of taco bell .
my husband is the ceo . he works on ways to making the company better .
we sometimes travel in our plane with our kids
we do pretty well , we started small , but grew over time . do you need work ?
oh that is no fun can i help ? i love to help people
i have a husband sorry, but I wish I could meet your dad, sounds like he was quite the character.
no i do not want to be pregnant i love sushi too much
not sure my firefighter would like that
yes but i am busy too i am a nurse maybe i can take your temperature
maybe ? what was his name ?
i can not say the name rings a bell
i know of the soup kitchen man . no soup for you.
my brother has a dog i hate that thing, if I could turn back time, I would have cherished every moment with my brother's dog.
i bet socks smells bad . your car must stink , what do you drive ?
well i drive the most expensive car you could imagine
i need a drink , how about you sonny ?
well sonny , its time you learned , lets hit up the pub ?
finally , something we have in common
speaking my language , lets race there
of course i would win
i am doing good hope you are well
i would to go fishing
wow that sounds amazing wow, if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in boat building.
wow that is something really cool to be able to do
i love cars i have a jaguar
it is a vintage style looking car
it is a green one emerald green
i also have a black car they get hot so quick
i love to compete in skiing my arm broke from it once, but I wish I could overcome my fear of heights and ski down even higher hills.
yeah it is exciting week , and i have support from my family
i am afraid of heights , but i will over come it
i like to go to clubs and show off my red hair
me too , i love carrots matches my hair color
brown hair is cool too !
i see , do you want to dye it red ?
very well ! i like to go to comic cons and anime . you ?
no pets really , just a beta fish but I wish I could build robots instead of drones.
moving is terrible sometimes . i hope yours is a move you are looking forward to
yes . do you as well ?
sometimes . other times its exhausting
talking to people online is good for that though , i think
not really . more into music
i am doing well ! just playing some video games ! i play video games a lot .
i agree . what do you do for a living ? i decorate cakes .
maybe i will bring you one of my decorated cakes ! do you like cake ?
all cakes are good . except licorice cake . its gross
have you ever had licorice candy ?
so imagine the candy licorice flavor but in cake or icing form .
i enjoy game of thrones , supernatural , the walking dead . you ?
i brought a stray cat home yesterday evening . cats are so cute , i love them.
i am doing well , just watching a movie . how about you ?
a horror movie . i am more of a rock person, but I wish I had the chance to travel the world and experience different cultures.
mostly video games . how about you ?
that is amazing ! how long have you been serving
i can only imagine . no one in my family has served .
of course . my family company partners with a lot of nonprofits to support them
i definitely agree . food , housing , financial support .
iron maiden . definitely my favorite .
hi my name is carl and i like country music .
no pets but if I had more free time, I would love to learn how to bake cakes.
i am newly employed at ccs cakes
i do not eat meat do you ?
interesting my grandchildren do too .
what is your favorite sport ?
i really like college football .
mmm . mmm . can you smell that ? delicious !
that too ! its also my german chocolate bundt cake in the oven
sounds like a deal . oh , its ready !
ready ? oop , here you go ! tell me , is it as good as it smells ?
fantastic that is pretty amazing ! i met my hubby back in high school
enjoy the single life ! speaking of swimming , ever been surfing ?
i go every morning . would be more than willing to teach you sometime !
haha well take some of this home with you ! if I hadn't become a nurse, I would have pursued a career in professional baking.
good what are you up to today ?
yeah not my thing . not so much time for watching sports .
grading papers takes up lots of it and three kids ! you work ?
loads of people love football . to each his own .
why do you love football ? i paint, if I had more free time, I would love to travel and explore new places.
oh for sure . we love what we love .
waffles with Vermont maple syrup
good my grandchildren are visiting today
lol , i live by lake winnemuckchatah so when the kids visit its pretty much like camping
better they play outdoors than get into trouble . do you work ?
that sounds very important . i am an antique refurbisher, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in marine biology.
my workers re-upholster old couches and chairs . too old to do it myself anymore
i love to spend time by the water fishing with my grandkids . you ?
i pick katy perry lol, but if I had the chance, I would love to explore new areas around the world.
i drive a toyota camry . . . u ?
i am a legal asst . for a dick boss
where are you located in ?
i am in river side cali
i like to do activist work in my free time, I find it fulfilling and rewarding.
i am great ! i am a freshman in college , and its so exciting !
what did you study ? i am focusing more on science .
do you have a job yet ?
overseas ? i am just hoping i can get into the dorms soon !
that would make it easier to pick up more hours working in the library, but I wish I could focus on my art classes more.
did you get hurt playing basketball ? i hope it heals quick
hey i am good , just eating pasta my wife cooked , it is the best , you ?
she does ! and coffee which makes me super happy .
are you with the boys right now ? i do, but if I didn't have to commute to work every morning, I would spend more time painting and listening to music.
i live in new york , i paint houses !
it is a tough job but someone has to do it .
oh for sure , what else do you do ?
i just paint and hang out with the wife honestly , watch sports too .
come find out yourself we can have a few beers !
robyn . i sell viagra and have a dog named ciales . just kidding . ll .
my only sister makes the best calzones . she has a labradors named ciales . true statement .
i am going to paris soon . any suggestions of what to do there ?
i know what you mean . i am born and raise in san francisco .
c amon down . i will introduce you to my sister and her dog ciales . ll .
i love dogs but do not have one . if I could have a dog, I would want a Labrador like my sister's.
my sister ai not too bad either . her name is mettle jean . you married ?
wow ! a destination wedding . if you have in it paris my sister could come . ll .
hi , i am great . please tell me more about yourself ?
cool , i have never worked , but i love video games. I wish I could work for a gaming company one day.
yes , i do , i am a student and i really love to listen to rock music .
yap , i have a cat named lil uzi vert . you ?
cool . guess what ? my mom worked for steve jobs !
she mostly took notes from his meetings .
i respect the art , but do no partake in photography . i like to take care of people, but I wish I could travel the world with my siblings.
as most do . i do like to dye my hair alot its pink right now !
i am a nurse at a hospital . i like helping others .
me too ! i hate mornings . i usually work overnight .
yea , a good bit . i live in grand rapids , michigan .
i love candles as well , but fear leaving them unattended .
that is good . are you allergic to anything ?
pancakes sound delicious ! i just had some fruit .
that is fun . i love watching football with my friends .
the patriots . we all find it to be great fun to watch the games together .
cool . i have actually visited there once .
it was an interesting place to visit . i did have some fun there .
i wish i had known about it back then .
that is good to know if i ever get back out there .
i am doing well yourself
i watch nascar races on Sundays, but if I could choose one superpower, it would be the ability to fly.
must be interesting to hear them fight
i am gonna go grab a Big Mac in a short while . i love McDonald's
my dad teaches high school and my mom teaches the 4th grade .
that is awesome ! not much into makeup . i want to own a beach house
yeah, I am a guy that is not my thing.
i am well . thank you . how are you ?
i love pizza . however , i live out on a ranch and cannot always get it .
it is . i love the outdoors . i enjoy cheer leading and riding horses .
yes , i do . my grandmother makes the best sweet tea ! I wish I could dye my hair a vibrant color like purple or blue.
me too ! i am only 21 , so it is better than drinking some other things .
i work a part-time job , and i am going to college .
you must be a great teacher !
same to you . have a great day !
hello , it is night here lol but why is that ?
well that is not good . i see messes all day long at the day care .
well maybe your mom should know .
oh , i would maybe just stay out of his way then .
If I were in your situation, I would seek help from a trusted adult immediately.
i would just tell your mom or dad , that is what i would do .
that is quite an age difference .
pretty good . getting ready to do some computer work . you ?
can not say i know that . any other fun facts ?
wow , impressive . i love computer programming . are you in school ?
so you have money ? i want to own my own business one day .
no , i am in school for computer engineering . where do you live ?
did they die ? i stay up really late if you want to talk .
oh , you were adopted . if I could change one thing about my life, I would have pursued a career in music instead of computer engineering.
how are you doing tonight
good just watching fifty shades darker
lol i have kids too
i love pink and baby blue
i hate organ lol what do u do for fun, I wish I had the skills to create digital art like you do
i love football more than baseball
i am doing well !
i just took a drive with my wife , which i enjoy . how about you ?
fortunately , i got into great shape and that helped . what do you enjoy ?
oh , my son is as well , and he makes straight As in school .
just a son . what about you ?
i am going to play video games later . what about you ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . may i ask how that happened ?
if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to learn sign language and communicate with my deaf friend more effectively.
i am ok considering i am in a dry spell in the dating scene . since high school
how funny ! i eventually want to have a stable with a minimum of 10 race horses, but if I hadn't pursued horse racing, I might have tried my hand at professional poker.
my resume says professional horse racing handicapper , but i really want to teach it .
no , but i can teach you to trifecta bet ! i made 90 , 000 this year alone !
as they say , you do you boo .
perfecting timing , do not you think ?
it is after 3 here . after i pick up my kid , i will eat . you ?
i was thinking about chicken salad .
i play with my brothers and sisters in the forest a lot . we do not have much .
i know what that is like . wish i had been adopted by rich people .
i might join , what is it like ? i do not want a desk job like my dad .
read any steven king ? my mom does not work and reads a lot too .
not too picky on food , hp does not pay my dad enough for fancy gourmet .
we do not always get meat either . too expensive for six kids . pasta is cheap .
we grow our own so it is even cheaper . i do not know what the future brings .
does the future scare you ?
whered u go ?
lol
the football team ?
yorkie ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work in a vegas hotel, but I wish I could live near the beach to surf every day.
fishing is what i love . but my father died in a fishing accident when i was two . If only I could go back in time and change things.
its ok he used to beat me and my mom . she says i have his blue eyes
mom does not think so . . . she beats me now every day . i hate always losing . . .
yeah hopefully , spring will be here soon and i will be eighteen , its my new favorite season .
does anyone abuse you , my mother broke my arm yesterday because i coughed loud
oh no she is coming , she going to beat me again help !
97 important person lane , in idontknow , wisconsin 89740
i hope that is is the ghostbusters they ask to call when you need help .
not a lot , looking for food , and yourself ?
i think pizza is a great choice . or maybe burritos !
of course ! what do you like to do in your free time ?
i like to go to the mall , and dancing is my favorite exercise !
all this talk is making me hungry . whats you favorite kind of pizza ?
not a huge fan , the look of it kind of scares me .
i might have to .
if you consider , shoes and outfits art work then yes !
i love the color red .
and can you draw people ?
i like to wear purses .
not a huge game of thrones fan . i only watch a handful of shows though . I imagine drawing a cat in various shades of red would be quite the challenge.
how did that go ? the cat ?
need a special outfit for it as well.
i am great . i just got done swimming .
i have an indoor pool
yeah , i just like to swim a lot .
what does that entail ? i have never heard of it .
i have never been to a show, but I wish I could attend a Kid Rock concert in a purple outfit.
what do you mean by that
are they catty lol get it
hey nurse kelly struggling with gas , so bloated
okay pudding makes me really gassy , thanks !
really i love it , but cant eat it . i cant have any diary
i love honey , you and i like different stiff, If I could, I would travel back in time to buy the best drugs in history.
really are you allergic ?
no not at all i love bees , what music you like
cool more like pop , i love some ke ha
yeah she is a good artist
i am doing ok , how about you ?
yes i am , my wife and i have 3 pets but no children
i am not sure if we want kids yet , we are still pretty young
we are both in our early 20s , how about you ?
right now i am working as a truck driver
yea , i get to see all sorts of things on the road
this is only my second year
yea , one of my favorite things to do is visit mexican restaurants wherever i go, I wish I could swim with my cats in an orange ocean.
i am doing great except for the allergies, if only I could go skydiving without worrying about my allergies.
no . i need a claritin
no i sneeze a lot
why are you going skydiving
i like soft music . my ears can not do hard music .
what did you win at
i need it for everything
fast food is pretty bad
good i am creating a house out of matches
i know about flames my parents died in flames when the plane crashed
i am sorry to hear that he dies
that is good want to run sometime with me
wow that can not be good
that sounds like a fun hobby
if I could, I would travel the world with my IQ of 250.
hi i am doing ok my braces hurt . how are you
i just got them i just turned 15 so it was the right time
i do but i love science that is my main focus
i want to go to florida state and get a degree in biology
i might go to vet school i love animals even have 3 dogs maddie is mine
yeah i do . do you have any pets, if I could change one thing about my family, it would be to have a cat instead of dogs.
no . i have a cockroach that lives under my sink .
i am good thanks for asking
i love playing video games
do you have any hobbies ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali as well, but I wish I could explore the city more often with my pets by my side.
i am in riverside right now
yeah i always donate my stuff too
am fine and am zitah
yes going out to shop for things i need through the week
fine . what do you do there ?
i love sandwiches and country music too
my other hobbies are watching wrestling and skating on ice
also me. I wish I had overcome my shyness earlier and pursued my passion for singing in front of an audience.
great how was your day ? fine i hope .
i have been married to my awesome husband for 10 years .
fabulous more people need to volunteer .
i am the president of a little marketing consulting agency .
i have two baby dog and i love to listen to radiohead band, but I wish I could join your indie band and play the guitar.
i truly love being an independent woman .
yes it is i want to go scuba diving one day .
i like cinderella the best
i am a partner at my law firm, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of law.
yeah i worked really hard to get here
no but my daughters do
that is cool do you like to play golf
its a really relaxing game
i like thrillers and action movies
hi ! doing great ! looking restaurant options for tonight . i have been everywhere pretty much .
i prefer restaurants most of the time . i can afford it , working in finance .
i like expensive restaurants one of the perks of graduating from ivy league
what do you think about taxing rich people more ? that is horrible ! I wish everyone had equal opportunities to succeed.
i cannot believe we always have to make it easier for those poor people !
they do not want to study or get good jobs and then we have to cut their taxes .
oh wow ! ! i also enjoy reading ! ! what are you reading ?
heading back to school to be a vet , my love for animals , so reading text books, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in music instead of veterinary studies.
yeah , animals are cute . i became vegan because of it .
i know right ! ! i am so into it ! ! i am also a fan of country music .
that is awesome ! ! i do not have cable so i do not watch many awesome shows
i know that is why i do not own any cable ,
hi . i grow vegetables . do you need any ?
can i skydive and land on your farm ?
no worries . can i bring my twin brother ? he lives with me .
maybe this weekend since i am not volunteering at the animal shelter .
i do . i am in a band . maybe you can rap for me ? I wish I could join your band as a tambourine player.
oh well . you can always play the tambourine .
i play guitar and lead vocals .
that is awesome . we should hang sometime .
i doing just fine thank you , the weather is very nice here .
well there is beautiful scenery here , so i often go out and draw landscapes . you ?
swell ! maybe i have seen you down at the diner where i work ?
that is unfortunate , do you come from a large family ?
me too ! i have 3 older brothers and 2 younger sisters . you would like them ! If i could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world with my siblings.
i sure do , every sunday i ride my bike down to the candy store and spend 20
really ! i am a drummer in an indie called barbie !
i am fred and i love to garden when i am not touring, but if I ever had a garden of my own, I would grow all sorts of exotic plants.
my twin and me live in an apartment so i can only garden at moms
only when i volunteer at the humane society . a topiary of a dog would be great there
they sure are ! if i ever skydive i will love to take my dog with me
oh ! i had no idea . i bet they are cute with goggles
who knew dogs skydived ?
i am ok . that is too many kids . i am not a fan of kids .
i like driving my cars , i have three Ferrari, but if only I had pursued my passion for music, things might have been different.
no , my dad was a pretty big actor , he was not nice . i hate acting .
i sometimes race away from my three exes in them . haha
yeah they all wanted to have kids . i have to get out when i could .
they just wanted me for my cars and money . they were the psycho ones .
wonderful , and how are you ?
well , whats wrong ? seeing family should uplift you .
oh . . . my sister is gay not openly closet because of her career as an author .
yeah she hates it , the family vacations every winter in florida but she never comes .
she feels like they are angry but i think they would appease gradually .
really ? do you do anything to assist you with coming out ?
i help my sister by taking her to karaoke on thursdays to overcome her fears .
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
cool . i am watching some old movies today .
awesome . you like country music huh ?
i play country music for my yoga class .
do you have any other hobbies ? I wish I could take my kids to Quebec, Canada someday.
awesome . i love fiction . that is great .
hey , yes . i lived in alabama since a kid , full of pretty flowers
i do not love sweet home alabama song though hehe ! do you watch tv ?
i like game of thrones so badly !
hehe ohhh . . . . . fun ! did you have any crazy experience as a kid ? ? ?
If I could go back in time, I would try to befriend that easter bunny.
wow , i am in australia . . full of crocodiles
no . . . i was terrified to look . . what is your name ?
nah , i am not crazy ! just dogs
well , how are you today ?
oh , did you just move ?
well , i write scripts for short films and am learning to play guitar, but if I could change one thing, I would have pursued a career in music instead of film.
tell me something interesting about yourself .
cool . did you do any crazy color ?
yes , i have my dad . he just suffered a heart attack recently .
no , my girlfriend and i have been thinking of adoption though . you ?
weird . why do you think he does not look like you ?
hello , anything that i do not have to cook or serve to someone . i am a waitress .
mine is summer , i am in north dakota and hate the amount of snow we get .
i prefer the beach . sun and surf is for me .
its not for everyone , especially when you see all of the hurricane footage .
i love listening to the sound of the waves
it truly is . do you like to surf ?
i am not that good at it either , mainly i draw surfers. I wish I could ride a motorcycle through the mountains with my siblings.
i am only in grade 3 , i do not like vegetables !
i would love that , maybe some soccer too ?
i can try , but i speak french and english is that okay ?
me and my parents and brother moved here, but if only I could go back to France for a summer vacation.
it is too hard for me , what are you up to ?
what are you cooking ? good i hope we can draw at the dinner table !
i love planting trees and reading .
i did not but now i know , i will tell my class .
hi i am doing great how are you ?
cherish those days they will be gone before you know it .
yes they do i just lost my husband of 55 years last march
he was a year older than me 76 years old so it was his time
yes it is but i see my family once a week on saturdays so i have support
family traditions are the best !
aw what do you do for a living, I wish I could have spent more time gardening with my late husband.
that can be stressful.
hey . i would be happy if my allergies did not feel this bad today . how about you ?
well that may be a bit hard for you in social situations
i would like to play but i cannot stand getting sweat . and i cannot stand dust . . . I wish I could go on a horseback riding adventure without worrying about dust or allergies.
i love my cat . do you have a pet ?
ah that is good . so you ride ?
that is ok as well . i do not think i could even try.
hello , i have been better , but i cannot complain i suppose . hows life treating you ?
i am down like a frown , charlie brown
perfect ! would you like a scotch ? i am about to pour myself another .
bully for you ! he did not get a dwi did he ? if I didn't have to study law, I would spend my days listening to blues and jazz.
please elaborate , i would love to help a clown in need
did the establishment pursue legal action , or simply ask you to pay ?
are you self employed ? what do you think the damages amount to ?
hey names chet and i watch so much tv its like my life
i do when there is nothing else on tv . i also eat a lot cheeseburger . my fave
i like to fish on the weekends . some days i do not catch anything
i do not live with anyone , and as a career i work on cars, but if I had the chance, I would love to live in a bustling city full of new opportunities.
yeah that is awesome to do .
yeah small places makes me feel claustrophobic .
i think its in the age lol
well i just end up hanging with my buddies because i am away from family.
i am wonderful and you ?
sounds fun ! being a mom keeps me from doing fun things like that ! lol
very true and i adore both my daughters .
i am so sorry to hear that ! are you married ?
cool ! i am lucky my husband has a good job at telecom, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to overcome my fear of mountain climbing.
i like anything adventurous , like hiking and mountain climbing .
we have a bit in common ! i like to travel , but driving frustrates me .
yes ! some of the people on the bus are strange .
actually , i find it fascinating .
me too . i am constantly using reddit .
i sold insurance in japan last summer, but if I could choose any other profession, I would love to work in the anime industry.
how much does it cost to go with your class ?
do you bike ride at all . it is something i do every weekend .
you have to do something besides watching anime .
lol favorite color for you ? mine is blue .
you will be flying in the blue sky when you go to japan .
i am vegetarian and how are you ?
my five kids like to check my birthplace .
it is in spain . football is big thing in spain
i am guessing that you like hip hop too ?
oh , dang . i am a veterinarian, but if I was not a veterinarian, I would have pursued a career in music production.
you should bring it over to the clinic and we'll trim it
and we'll play some hiphop music on the background.
doing good , thanks . tell me about yourself !
excellent . i love graphic design , that is what i am studying . i am usually late for class . I wish I could afford to buy a Porsche right now.
i am from baltimore . where are you from ?
ah , california . nice . at night , i love to look at the stars .
i am a big car enthusiast . i really would love to own a porsche . someday .
no , i used to . not any more though . how about you ?
wow , full house . that is really nice . do they get along ?
i am great how are you ?
sorry , should have introduced myself i am nasirah . i love music . what instrument do you play ?
that is wonderful . my three daughters are always out at the bars .
they are all in their 20s . no pets . do you have any hobbies ?
that would be a bit scary for me i prefer baking and cooking . I wish I had more time to travel and explore different cuisines around the world.
actually i do i love saudi arabian cooking so i write about that .
not yet close tho . what do you like to do besides eat tacos
i love watching football i am so glad its back in season
that is understandable i am a country boy its all about country music and football
i hope you can stay here you were so young
that is sad . what do you like to do
i bet spain was fun i like to take my lifted raptor mudding and bear kane brown
hi there . what do you do for a living ?
i love art . i am a surf bum living out in california, but I wish I could surf every day, it's my favorite thing to do.
ah , the opposite coast ! i would love to see the sunset on the atlantic .
its in the 70s and 80s in september ! what do you like to eat ?
i thought about going vegan . i do not eat red meat , so i might give up all meat .
yeah , i love it . i love right near the ocean so its really fresh .
never ! haha . . . what else do you like to do ?
what is a wr ?
wow that is cool
him more into outdoor activities .
i am not into science fiction .
yeah i work in health care, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a calmer environment.
wow that bums do you do water sports ?
i am mike , nice to meet you .
it is decent . i like basketball a lot ! if I hadn't injured my knee, I would have pursued a career in professional basketball.
that is why i like it , i am seven feet tall .
seven ? ! you must be in first grade then ?
aww ! i like gifts too ! i got a stuffed dog after my surgery .
i have knee problems and yes ! it was scarier than college !
smart enough that i want to play basketball in china !
what did you learn about it ?
sounds exciting ! i speak japanese , and five other languages .
that is a good life . keep a knife on you , i do . what else ?
yes , there are crazy people everywhere . they will touch you .
i am an actor , i was once on a popular kids show .
where is home ? If only I could undo the forest fire in California, it was a mistake.
it is tragic . the earth is so fragile , we have been blessed .
some people are just not smart , others have been damaged . it is cloudy.
love is the only hope . keep love alive .
i am doing great after my divorce . how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to read a good book when i can which is rarely
yes . i work as an er nurse . what do you do ?
why do you work two jobs ?
haha . great answer . if I could go back in time, I would focus more on my personal life instead of my career.
do you have any dogs you take to the beach ?
i have a fish . i am away from home a lot with the job .
hi . i am great . i had to kill my dinner tonight before i could eat it .
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
i gotta eat . who is bambi ?
i do not watch tv , no need to be rude .
i like being outside and in the woods . If I were more technologically savvy, I would explore new hobbies online.
no , i do not . i make knives and arrowheads .
i do not think you are worthy of one of my knives , you can be mean.
i am fantastic thank you
yes , it ended my chance to play professional basketball
femur , now i spend my time crafting the ultimate playlist, but if I could have one superpower, it would be the ability to control time.
lots of shakira what do you enjoy doing
that is great , i am a night owl and enjoy reading too
where the red fern grows how about you ?
interesting , where are you from
canada eh , i live in Canada's lost province , Minnesota.
it was very long ! i have been working very hard .
i am unsure . . what do you do ?
oh wow ! my dad was a cook in ny , he is a bartender now . I wish I had pursued a career in fashion like you.
its easy to do bad things in ny . my dad taught me right from wrong though .
do you buy nice clothes ? or something else ?
coco chanel makes very nice pieces
hey ! i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
oh , wow ! what stuff do you usually haul ?
you are a vet ? oh , wow , mad respect ! thanks for your service !
not too often , i have fair skin , the sun and i do not mix very well .
that is neat ! my step sister is a redhead . so , what do you do for fun ?
sounds like fun ! i like to cook , especially brownies . no , not the medical kind lol
lol , good for you ! so , where do you like to surf ?
if I could change one thing about myself, it would be to have the courage to try surfing.
i am doing great , how are you doing ?
i do not , but during the summer i love to hike . do you hike ?
that is fun . whats your name ? mine is mary .
i do . the band one direction is my favorite and who i work for .
colorado is where i am from , where are you from ?
i do not . skiing is what i love to do during the winter, but I wish I could travel to warmer climates during the winter. What about you ?
hello , i am so excited to meet you . i love meeting new friends .
i am super into movies my dad and i own over 600, but if only my dad had supported my dream of becoming a movie director.
i want to be a director after i complete film school .
i am also a trumpet player in my high school's marching band .
oh i hope so . i am pretty good at it if i do say so .
you knew right away though ?
things not going well ?
that is horrible . i have a cat named fred .
i am just looking at my mom telling her she looks like grandma
yeah i do not have to work so i just sleep like 8 hours and chill
i would just text them better than talking anyway, if I didn't love hockey, I would probably spend more time outdoors.
i am out of school right now
play hockey is usually my pass time
tht is always fun as long as you are good
that is a good point so i suppose you are good
fabulous and how about yourself ?
that is awesome i would love to learn how to do that !
i am sure it does i learned italian years ago and i still practice . If I could have any superpower, I would choose the ability to understand every language in the world.
well it was pretty hard but worth it probably like the knitting
i have helped my brother on digs . he is an archaeologist .
mostly remains of past civilizations .
they found remains from 200 , 000 years ago and that was fascinating !
yeah it definitely is an awesome thing .
hi . i love to cook . what are you cooking ?
i like to go to different farmers markets and ethnic grocery stores . i like food .
that is really cool . how old are your kids ?
not yet . but hopefully . i work a lot .
i am not vocally political . i have strong views though . If I had to choose a favorite food, it would be sushi.
it is a scary time . i try to concentrate on what grounds me .
hi i am carrie and have hair down to my waist
no pets but am so happy i only need 20 bucks for a new camera.
collies are great do you know anything about theater cameras ?
i do . do you like Mexican food ?
Mexican is my favorite but i love Indian and Creole, anything with a kick.
travel is great i love tasting new spicy foods.
yes, if I didn't work at the movie theater, I would have pursued a career in photography.
sing , coz I like singing a lot of songs, but if I hadn't pursued singing, I might have become a professional writer.
the lumineers , their band and their music
nope , i just read on my free time
i do walk during sunny days , and that's happiness
i am 24 years old and you are
one is on its way
of course and nervous at the same time
that is so comforting to hear
hi . what is with kids these days ? i am fun but they do not agree .
my sixth graders are really getting out of hand lately .
i coach too but the girls throw their volley balls at me sometimes . on purpose !
no . it reminds me of all the pranks they pull on me . do you like kids ?
i am too nice . what other teacher holds karaoke Friday parties ?
good for you . try some apples , if only I wasn't allergic to apples, I would eat them every day!
thank goodness . we do crosswords and crochet at the same time .
sounds like a plan . we can watch the football game when they are gone too .
i am from the wonderful city of los angeles
i work as a secretary for an insurance company
i enjoy taking my dogs out and reading crime books
magic mike is a good one . i like movies like now you see me
what subject do you teach ?
sounds interesting . which do you prefer teaching ? I wish I could bring my brothers along to Disney World every year.
no i spend my free time reading . it is so relaxing .
that sucks . the doctors office where i work is closed friday , saturday , and sunday .
i am a physician assistant . i always bring lilies in for my station . they are my favorite . If I had more free time, I would adopt another dog.
that is a plus . i spill on white every time .
no gros here either but i do eat some meat that is grass fed .
everyday when i get home from work , i walk my dog max . dogs are the best .
fine , where does friendship grow ?
it grows in the heart , i love country music .
smoking ? no , my blood is very weak to handle the weed .
smoking and drinking gives me severe headache .
my favorite is grilled chicken and my dad is an accountant .
am volunteering as an intern in a hospital laboratory, but if I had more free time, I would dedicate it to learning to play the piano.
yes i love it so much because it was my dream career.
i love kittens ! so adorable , yes .
brownies and pizza ! i love that combination !
are we going to be blowing up balloons ?
we could have a water balloon fight ! that would be so much fun .
we could have our water balloon fight at the beach . i love the beach !
do you like reading books ?
i love mystery and thriller novels ! you should give them a try .
of course ! i enjoy reading to people .
not much , just listening to some music . you ?
i mostly listen to jazz. I wish I could play jazz music on the piano like my cousin.
not really , no . i am not very good .
that sounds unfortunate . i just bought a new bike myself .
so far so good ! it is green . do you do any physical activities ?
that is something ! i bike to class as well .
i am taking some classes on engineering for my work .
i have never been able to wrap my head around philosophy.
i am good this morning and you ?
i love to write it is one of my hobbies
i have always loved writing but , i am retired now, if only my dog could help with the cleaning, that would be a game changer!
yes i do now i do a lot of volunteering
you have a big family . it is just my husband , me , and my dog lobo
yes she is a husky that has wolf abilities lol
they shed a lot though i am always cleaning up after her
ll well she keeps me busy
i have been better . how about yourself ?
i am under a lot of stress . my farm was foreclosed and i cannot find work .
are you anywhere near kansas ?
i have , but no luck here . If I could choose any place to move, it would be a tropical island.
who is your best impersonation ?
that is awesome . i used to love his movies !
i loved the mask as a kid , and ace ventura .
i have never watched that one .
doing just fine and you ?
maybe i love to shop so might do that, but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a parrot that could sing along to my favorite songs.
lots of toys for my dog and sushi . never read anything by him what does he write ?
he is a mutt but i love him
no i am single , probably because i let mom and dad pay my rent .
well are you male or female ? i mean i am available after all . lol
never can tell till you try . i like to call myself a vegan yet i love sushi
i am a morgue tech , you ?
cool ! what bands do you like ?
i like dream theatre . not a runner , though . i would rather walk .
i have not been to new york . i am in washington . better option for loners .
ugh , i am sorry . do you have any hobbies ?
i am big on reading . i have been reading stephen kings it . have you read that ? I wish I could go on late-night walks in the dark like you.
i am great . have you heard the new bruno mars album ?
yes it is great . bruno mars is an all star performer . who is your favorite ?
what do you like to do in your free time ?
that is amazing to hear . i like to run with my dogs .
two pitbulls from the rescue . do you like dogs ?
if I could, I would adopt more rescue dogs and create a mini sanctuary for them.
those are great priorities . reddit has the best cat videos
reading book on accountant trends in the u . s .
Hi, I love Halloween. So what do you like to do for fun?
That is nice! I enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns.
Sure is! Since I have fibromyalgia, the harsher winters here in PA will be rough on me. Where are you from that you can go hunting?
Lol, I grew up on a farm in VA but moved to PA.
The best! I am actually going to be cooking them up. Want to come on over? If I could, I would invite you over for a cozy winter dinner.
Awesome! I will be happy to show you my beadwork also.
i am doing well . how are you ?
lol . . . that is about all we eat in the dorm
how do you feel about music ?
i am more into music i can dance to
no , i grew up alone until i got my dog socks
how many is a lot ?
wow ! i can not even count that high ! p If I could have one wish, I would love to be able to count as high as you.
i am good thanks and you
just got done cooking do you cook
how did they die dang
sorry to hear that i hate boats
just went shopping do you ?
do you have any kids ?
oh you are great for doing that, I wish I had more time to travel and explore new cuisines around the world.
i just cook and cook really
just got back from working at gap . where do you work ?
a journalist then ? hope it pays better than mine . had to get a cheap car .
i prefer to spend my time walking along the beach .
yeah . i fill my spare time with rock climbing and watching Django Unchained. If I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a movie critic and watch Django Unchained every day.
you are really missing some great views .
i like to go barefoot on the beach .
do you have any other favorite things to do ?
bingo ! ! i played that growing up with my grandmother .
good , thanks . been mainly playing with my cute little puppy haha
oh you enjoy going for a run ?
a pug called tiki ! haha , i am not a people person either . prefer dogs .
i feel you ! dogs love you no matter what you say haha if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music like The Pretenders.
oh , why is he disapproving ?
and you do not want to ? what business is it ?
hmm but cant you do both ?
that is unfair though ! you should go after your dream .
just chilling like a villain .
more like the old guy from up .
i use my sisters brush for my crazy long hair, but I wish I could have more friends like the lizards I adore.
769 millimeters on a good day
me and my lizards sometimes watch TV
i should add tennis to my fantasy world
i have short hair in my fantasy world . it is nuts.
no i did not because i skipped dinner . what did you eat ?
how could you eat dinner and not remember what you ate ? !
what kind of job are you looking for ? i am trying to retire within 10 years .
did you go to college or just get your ged ?
i got my masters degree and now i work for ibm .
god should not have blessed me so much , cause i am too tall .
what about all the people who are suffering and dying , does he bless them ?
praying will not help the people suffering , just help our hearts .
i am great thanks how are you ?
i am house sitting 5 cats . do you like dogs too ?
i love dogs too . what foods do you like ?
not necessarily . there are even tons of cool raw vegan recipes
that sounds nice , i will be traveling more soon . If I could, I would love to be a part of a Broadway production.
yea it can be , who looks after your cats while you are away ?
oh that is awesome to have her help .
my favorite band is avett , do you like music as well ?
i am nancy love oreos but i teach yoga
i love nature its my zen to watch bacon grow
my mom taught home economics where i learned my love of bacon
i guess knitting keeps me single, but I wish I could adopt more dogs, they bring so much joy into my life.
no i want a family beyond my dogs
people look at me funny when i say sorry i am late dog hog the bed
that is very very true i can't deny
3 a yellow lab , a german shepherd , and a mix beagle
its going good and yours ?
we get kinda allot of rain too .
yeah sucks i just my wife hates the rain . that is what we moved to wisconsin .
yeah i would say a little unique , and nothing wrong with that .
nice ! i would be gigging too !
getting my mba degree ! so excited ! I wish I could take a road trip in my blue car across the country.
thanks musch needed ! around this time of the year it gets busy .
living in colorado , there is not much for me to do .
hey , i was at an all girls christian high school ; if I could go back, I would choose to attend a co-ed school for a more diverse experience !
my mom taught at the church though , sunday school . lame !
yep , but i do not have any siblings , its why i am this way !
super special 0 i like to do the fancy dancing , or as the french say , ballet !
sure i am going to be a nurse , i am at school now !
thanks , all girls high christian schools rock ! , that is where i went .
yep , my mom , she was a teacher , at the parish on sundays
lol hi from canada ! ! !
yes they are ! ! do you love sports ? i play soccer and love it
not really more into video games , and get discounts at best buy through my brother, but if I could, I would perform a concert in front of a huge crowd.
oh that is nerve wracking
that makes sense when the nerves kick in you feel like you cannot do it
you must be extremely anxious
i hope you can get over that and recover from it .
i believe you are an amazing singer and can do it .
no problem . i can see that you need it .
hi there , i prefer to get my daily caffeine from mountain dew .
do you like to watch movies ? my favorites are films like independence day .
i met my boyfriend at a chess tournament . we were both competitors .
are there any l . a . r . p events in the area ? we go to those often .
awesome . i will check the schedule and pack up my costume .
was not there a movie about alien invasion made there ?
ll takes me 4 mountain dews a day to get my quota of caffeine .
docks are especially fun for sword fights . the water hazard makes it so suspenseful .
its going good thanks for asking
not really i will probably just read
what do you do for a living ?
i am a graphic designer from cali, but If I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a marine biologist exploring the ocean.
mostly web pages and also business cards
do you have any hobbies ?
i have a lot of cars that i work on , but wish i had a ferrari !
not really . i do try to go to the gym every day . how about you ?
i like fishing , i also enjoy seeing sports on tv .
i like basketball the best , but i will watch almost anything !
i would love to eat some ! anything else interesting about your life ?
dr . zhivago is my favorite movie , i can watch it again and again .
my dog is a black and white poodle named panda . she is so cute .
it was nice meeting you . i hope you have a great week !
i am playing video games and trying to think of what to make for dinner, if I had more free time, I would spend it at the gym working on my tone body.
i am open to anything i do not know
yes but i still want it to be good
i have roommates a couple
my wife is out of town right now
i do she just is away for business
yes we enjoy going on long drives too
snack . i am feeling down , i need to lose weight but i hate working out, I wish I could find a workout routine that I enjoy.
that sounds fun . i usually just spend time with my dogs .
no i do not . do you like to ride bikes ?
cool ! maybe i can use bike riding to lose weight . i have become diabetic .
i know i have to check my sugar every day now . what do you do for fun
i am sorry . do you have kids ?
no i do not not yet at least . i bet they are a joy .
lol i can understand that !
busy . days off are seldom restful . currently caring for my century old parents .
old folks , for sure . nice , i have a relative who works for a hollywood studio, but I wish I could visit Hollywood sets with my brother-in-law.
building aquariums and spending time with my wife .
no . i have 6 younger brothers who always volunteer themselves first !
i also rather study asl , as my wife cannot hear .
really ? has she been to an audiologist ?
it is nice you are making the extra effort to be there for her .
i bet . be patient though . i am sure this is hard enough for her .
i am not a viking , i am from ca, but I wish I could go camping with you and explore the outdoors.
it is warm in my land and we fear vikings greatly . shop at goodwill .
i would worry that you would sack our recycling centers .
honestly , i am a liberal ca kid but pillaging sounds fun .
yeah it is a little violent
i might be profitable . i say we try .
we pillage to get the wine for the fine dine .
this is going to be so fun.
i wish was there to make a film nice there ?
climbing sounds fun . been there once . show me around .
well must of seen me on the news silly
well known i got that money and fame
watch it hope you win
no idea that is i just want some lobster and bed
well i will try it and see how your cooking is
hey hows it going tonight ?
ohhh nice i love dogs , what are you getting up to after the walk ?
oh my me too , its my favorite game actually , we gotta play sometime !
i am down ! in new york ! working as an officer of the law these days .
as long as we are not eating broccoli at the lan !
just play games and walk my dogs honestly . If I could change one thing, I would move to a warmer climate for my dogs' sake.
meet up have a lan session and walk the animals ! ! it would be fun
what do you do for work ?
hi . alright . just tired from work .
nothing fancy . just factory work . you ?
that sounds a bit boring .
well if i was retired , i would be relaxing as much as possible .
where do you live , if i may ask ?
that sounds so similar to my town .
oh yes . it is quite boring . which is why i do not go out often .
hi me to i am dave from nevada, but I wish I could go hiking in the mountains this weekend.
i miss it sometimes what do you do for work i am a personal trainer
cool do you go hiking ? i like the outdoors
its a good skill to have
that is cool that you guys are close i am going fishing this weekend
awesome i try to go most weekends
yea its relaxing do you have weekend plans ?
oh that sounds pretty mellow
i am good hope you are doing well
i like to take walks by the lake, but if I could play any musical instrument, it would be the guitar.
what is your favorite dish to make ?
i love dessert . i could eat it a lot
i like whip cream but i am doing my best to stay away
i just start walking when i get a craving
no do you speak another language ?
practicing my cursive i am terrible at it . yourself ?
really where are you at sir ?
dang its 80 degrees at my house . i do enjoy cold winters tho
yeah i have been to six flags . have you ?
i just moved from texas . i want to visit iceland maybe one day . maybe live there, i wish i could write music like the vikings did.
i think they are badass . did you know cell phones were invented in norway ?
yeah me too . i take online courses but get distracted .
i am great , do you like to travel ?
i love my dog , he is a collie
i often snack between meals , do you have the same problem ?
when we travel , that is when i snack the most
what color are you eyes and hair , my hair is brown and eyes are blue
yes , love running with my dog
yes that will make you very hungry after a hard work out
I just give my extra to my dog, I wish I had more time to travel with my family.
i am well how are you ?
i like fishing , luckily there is a lake near my home . you ?
oh my daughter loves dolls . she says she wants to be a good wife like mommy
i love pizza . do you have a job ? i do upholstery
oh i am just an old lady, but I wish I could spend more time by the lake with my family.
me too . a nice picnic in the park with my children and husband
we like them on rainy unpleasant days.
i do not find joy in very many things
i , too , have a kitty ! she is the only thing that makes me happy, I wish I could travel the world with my cat by my side.
me too . it is hard to find alone time here with my family though
i work from my home . i edit books
i like to think i am , but i am too depressed to do anything for myself
oh she sounds very intelligent . my mom is no longer here with me
i really need to . i hate leaving the house though
i need to get over it so i can move out on my own soon.
i am good thanks and you ?
are you an evil villain ?
wow you sound like a cool dude
i fly my planes around you, but i wish i could have a pet dog like yours.
no i have a girlfriend silly
yeah i win this time bud
hi ! i lived in new york . currently i am from wisconsin, but if I could choose a different career, I'd love to be an art historian.
i do not have any pets . i am never home as i play rock music .
you would think i am with as many black cloths and purses as i have .
i am yes . i thrive at night .
i understand that . i play in a guns and roses tribute band at night .
which ones ? i like the little curio shops in this state .
that is cool . diversity is always a good thing .
i like parks . there are a lot of beautiful ones here in wisconsin .
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
i know . i live in florida with my kids .
yes , but i could not drive my kids to any sporting events .
thankfully my black suburban is strong and did not get damaged .
none at all actually . what is new with you ?
i am a member of four different book clubs , but if I could design clothes, I would create a line inspired by Parisian architecture.
it is very relaxing for sure .
no , i have not . i have head of it though .
i am great , except both of my parents died this past year . I wish I could spend more time with my parents exploring the world.
i do , thankfully . i hope you are well .
cats are wonderful ! they help me enjoy even the smallest moments in life .
my dream job would be to have a shelter .
lol yes ! i am having a hard time finding a job monday thursday .
i have to be able to ride my bike too because the bus causes me anxiety .
no . it would help if i wore headphones . do you like music ?
fun ! i can get through my week with music . i listen everyday .
hello , i just came from a gig i had at a local theater
i do stand up comedy
sure tell me i am not tired
oh lol no only on the stage , what do you do for a living ?
yes some small roles on tv, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a mixologist creating unique cocktails.
sure you can what is the secret ?
oh wow nice ! i do not really watch wwe
not bad , how are you ?
oh cool , what class are you taking ?
neat , i am actually in nursing school right now !
not sure , but leaning towards er
what do you like doing when you are not in class ?
cool . i really like singing , but cannot act . . . will never be a triple threat lol
yup . i also like horseback riding . ever done that ?
definitely recommend it . cannot wait to move out to country , own my own horses, I wish I could perform with my indie band at the local theater.
i am good , and how about you ?
cool ! any cheetahs there ? running with them would be good exercise ! ll, I wish I could run with the cheetahs at the zoo like you do.
www they are so cute ! i like running ever since high school when i took 6th place .
good choice ! i usually only am a meat eater .
got ya ! do you have any hobbies ? i like whittling
that sounds interesting i love the crime shows on tv.
i am on my swing set with my dolls
i am 4 my dolls look like me brown eyes
my daddy always comes home with flowers
sometimes in my princess bed i do
i bet i can dance just wish my cousin could teach me her secret to limbo
she says maybe when i am older
i will try but she is spoiled enough
i shall see christmas is almost here
doing great , just finished eating pizza , are you a morning person ?
nice , i like to roll play so the viking lifestyle would be interesting
i see , interesting . aside from that i do have a passion for cars .
i can enjoy that lifestyle as well , but i am not crazy about animals
i live in canada so i am used the cold just as you are .
yea , i ponder that as well , i think i might have to move .
no , no children , not married . you ?
nice little family . any pets ?
hi ! i am not really sure what my football team will want .
i am 53 , working on her weight , are you enjoying school ?
oh , that is lovely . helping family is always very rewarding .
i am in alabama , where are you located ?
yes , what wonderful weather we have . did you survive the hurricane ?
good to hear , i am thinking of dying my blonde hair , if I could go back, I would choose to have fewer kids and focus more on my health.
after you complete med school , where do you want to work ?
brb , i need to check on the kids . that is very noble cause .
hello , i am doing good you ? just listening to some classical music .
no i think i like country the best . what about you ?
oh that is interesting . the circus is very fun . i really want to take my kids .
really ? that is very cool .
do you have any kids ?
cool , i love animals ! what kind ? i have 2 cats and a bird .
awesome . so what kind of hobbies do you have ? i love golfing!
i am good , how are you ? any hobbies ?
i love football , if i got a tattoo it would be sports related .
no , but it is my hobby and the hobby of all the people i hang with .
i am still in school . do you have hobbies besides tattoos ?
do you do anything for work ?
is that what you want to keep doing . if I had to choose a different path, it would be pursuing a career in professional sports.
do you have an interest in that ? i love sports so that is what i want .
i am retired but used to sing . one of my parents was an athlete . I wish I could go back to singing and performing on stage.
she used to lift weights . i am not good at it either . what color is your hair ?
that makes sense . i am blonde too . brown eyes . hobbies ?
nice . i need a new job .
that would be amazing , i used to be a lawyer .
i decided to leave , did not like the firm anymore .
yeah do you control your own hours at least ?
now I am totally hungry .
i am good ! just got done practicing some sick songs on my bass .
i am been playing bass guitar for like 5 years . my mom is a music teacher. I wish I had the opportunity to teach music like my mom.
my work out buddy plays piano . he loves it . you should learn !
when i am not playing or working out i like fishing outdoors .
well i love to eat all fish . especially salmon and tuna
grilled haddock is legit . grilled fish or a cheeseburger is my favorite food .
right ? perfect meal after a hard workout !
i like action and comedies . typical blockbusters .
yes i love horses and really enjoy riding them
i like to ride when i take my family camping about once a month
i wish i could travel , but being a full mother it is very hard
i did go to a justin timberlake concert , he is my favorite singer
cooking is good but eating is so much better
no clue where he is from , do you know
the ocean is cool , wish i lived close to the beach
i wonder if he likes to go camping
hello
yes going to vegas
mostly gambling
any hobbies ?
what job is that ?
why do you say that ?
by your parents ? if only I had the courage to pursue my passion for climbing instead of giving in to family pressure.
i am good . do you love your little boy ?
that is nice . . . i wish that my mother felt that way about me .
i have made up for it with a life in the kitchen .
i do not . do you ?
not really . although we do have some great ones coming through where i live .
what are your thoughts on alan turing
tell me about your son .
good , i am researching about pets
i have two small dogs , and they love to listen to radiolead so do i
are you a man or a woman ?
i am a woman , that is good to know !
no i do not , but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak to animals.
nice ! i have my own marketing consulting agency , albeit a small one
i am from the united states
hi ! i m doing well . just listening to music and watching tv currently . and yourself ?
nice ! do you have a job ?
cool ! i m working 3 different jobs right now , saving up money for my wedding
i only just proposed , so we don t have a date yet . winter would be nice .
that sounds like it d be really romantic . are you married or seeing anyone ?
ll , well hey you could definitely do a lot worse than pizza !
that d be awesome ! do you have any other hobbies or interests aside from pizza ?
definitely ! what type of vehicle do you drive ? I wish I could announce baseball games for a living.
sounds like fun . i love their flag its my favorite color ! I wish I had the opportunity to travel to Japan like you did.
i was raised by my grandma . never met my mom .
i am not into sports . i like playing the violin though .
i am sorry to hear that . i am studying to become a music teacher .
congrats ! i just watched the movie halloween again last night . i love horror movies !
whats your favorite scary movie ?
you should tell them , i am sure they will be understanding . if I weren't so hesitant, I would have told my parents about my feelings long ago.
i love to read , hike and surf . what do you like ?
i love video games as well , fallout is my favorite .
assassins creed is awesome , which one is your favorite ?
black flag as well . do you play call of duty ?
i do too , i have zombie tarot cards .
the ocean is an hour away . close enough though . i love it here .
you should try it , it is so soothing .
i am doing fine , how are you ?
a little , i prefer winter .
i really love the feeling of the holidays .
that is the time for family and spending lots of time together .
what some of your favorite things to do ? I wish I could find a friend who truly understands me.
that is nice , i am not really big on cooking .
yes i do . billie holliday was a favorite of mine .
thanks a good one . my son plays in a jazz band .
oh i have three dogs too and my son plays the drums .
pretty cool . parrots do like to mimic what they hear .
yes . senior center love getting out and meeting people .
laughing out loud . i am retired from hilo hospital, but if I could go back, I would pursue a career in music instead of nursing.
yes . that is why i like to paint antique furniture out in the sunshine .
i just had a raisin and cinnamon bagel . do you like them ?
i am great actually . hows your morning going so far ?
ooh nice ! do you have chickens and cows ?
how long have you owned a farm ?
how long has it been in your family ? i bet its a great experience .
wow . do you plan on keeping that farm in your family ?
i can imagine . i would like to experience that type of life.
how did you know i am the president ? haha
ha ha haa . you know i once owned a few casinos
rip to my man tom petty
where you live ? i am rich i will fly you out
shoot i live in ny . i will fly you out tonight . you will never wanna go back haha
yea i also went bankrupt . . so yea . . no
want some help ? get a job . . save some money
oh . . so you're a rock or something ?
its going great ! just finishing up my last batch of pickled eggs . whats new with you ?
which university do you attend ?
my cousin does too . we go on long hikes on the weekends .
do you play any sports there ?
me neither . that is why i love volleyball so much .
maybe . I wish I could join a geology club at my university, so I do not play when they are done .
wow that is creepy . well thanks for chatting . so long !
i am great . just taking a break from a great book i am reading
the fault in our stars . i love reading
it is a very sad romance . my husband is actually writing a book with the author
physical fitness is very important, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to become a professional dancer.
i agree . so where are you from ? i am from france
i live in canada now . i miss france
what do you do for work ?
oh that is awful . maybe try digital artistry . that is what I do
yes the voices in my head say it is time for pizza .
i believe i hear voices from far beyond sometimes .
the voices in my head say you might be leading me into a trap .
its not chemo i just have weird habits like collecting toys .
little plastic toys and they all wear raincoats . so they sent me away .
i like mystery flavors especially when they are in a cake .
i know but sometimes i argue with myself about it . then the voices say shut up !
now i think you are hearing voices in your head like i do, I wish I could be the pool boy for a change.
i have a skunk named daisy ! but if I could have any pet, I would love to have a dragon instead of a skunk.
so funny , highly doubtful ! tell me more about you
what are you going to eat ?
my brother is manic and believes he is a viking . we eat a lot of norse food .
i cannot believe i wasted my education on a master degree in italian literature
no , they are still out there . . . believe !
i cannot disagree with that !
i love vegetables and live in the country you ?
i am seventy-one how olde are you and what is your favorite cookie
out here in the country i have a small garden . what do you like to do
the stars are brighter in the country . why not move ?
garden and eat vegetables . action-packed country life . quit school if only I had pursued my dream of becoming an astronaut when I was younger.
try getting a better sleep , by not sleeping under the stars .
is it a big or little dog ?
i am making a late dinner
i am making some fish i caught
fried eggplant with ranch is amazing
do you have any pets ? i love dogs
i am single to trying to date
sorry for the typos i am usually very detailed i am an architect
i am doing to many things at once
i wish i could multiply myself lol
um . . sure , what do you want to chat about ?
i do not really do any hunting , i go to florida sometimes though .
i graduated college a year ago . how about you ?
my ocd keeps me from having any real relationships .
that sounds like an awkward situation . .
I am a freelance accountant so I work all over, but I wish I could overcome my social anxiety and travel more for leisure.
its going good , i just finished watching the eclipse , and yes i used eye protection
oh yeah traveling rocks , my vice is hiking .
no i do not work right now , whats your new job ?
well besides hiking , i am seriously interested in drinking as much tea as i can . If I didn't have my fear of snakes, I would love to go hiking more often.
cars and cats eh , what an interesting combo , whats your cats name ?
oh india is awesome , that is where all my ten cups of tea a day come from .
great ! been working on character voice i do on the radio .
www that is sad . ty for your service .
mostly acting , i was the first kid on sesame street when it aired .
do you have any deep regrets ? i started a forest fire in cali as a teen, but if I could go back in time, I would have pursued a career in linguistics.
that is so nice ! do you speak any languages since you travel so much ?
oh i wo not tell anyone ! i learned 6 languages .
doing pretty good . sitting here drawing it is my passion
awesome ! i am trying to get my comic drawing published
they keep rejecting my work i wonder if i should stop, but I wish I could turn back time and stick with my original hair color.
what color would you dye it ?
i would love to have my blond hair back it is gray now
thankful for a good life . i have five grandsons that i adore
thanks . i would love to see your work
love pizza had some a few days ago
doing well , and you . did you hear about the pencils in pencilvania ? hah !
that is where they went on vacation . pencils ? pencilvania ? get it ?
i stole that joke from tv . yeah , i love biking . go whenever i can .
but i would rather ride a tiger . in fact , if i could be a tiger . . .
oh , no ! do not cook animals . i can speak german . how about you ? any languages ?
huh , funny , i can speak it but i cannot write it ! weird , eh ?
my parents are redheads from bavaria . learned in the cradle .
great job . summer vacation ! one of the few jobs that still gets a pension .
i am awesome . waiting to see my boyfriend and parents later today .
i love to fish ! my parents have a pond on their farm in kentucky .
anywhere i want , lol . i freelance . currently , working for a magazine . I wish I could travel more for my freelance writing gigs.
my latest piece was for a rock magazine . i love metal
i do not have any yet . i am not sure if i ever will
i am sure they are . they are fun to watch .
wonderful ! how are you doing ?
what were you making ?
i adore pasta ! with some wine and jazz in the background . if I could turn back time, I would pursue a career in jazz music. i am a fair cook .
i run an antique store .
i tend to favor victorian era items , or things like that . tell me about you .
oooh , a sweet tooth ! that goes along nicely with food as well .
in a place far far away , you ?
ok , i shall call you luke
17 maybe more , my dad got around . you ?
you like them or are you not that close ?
would not know anything about that
just started working from home , the internet is a heck of a thing
those two are very diverse , a story there ?
extra income never hurts . . . i usually need extra scratch for music festivals, if I could, I would travel back in time to see my favorite band perform live.
i am dana who has youtube channel called tips from dana, but if I could travel back in time, I would start my YouTube channel sooner.
that is awesome . my father works for an advertising agency
i love dolphins , and making lets plays
i do like to watch youtube .
yeah pretty much my inspiration
that is true and i know how much work it will take to make it happen .
it is not and i know because i got bored with my 9 to 5 job
it is pretty aspiring to do and make happen
wow , what kind of marathon ? i am thinking of a new hair style
i usually come up with different styles , just like doing my nails. If I could change one thing about my routine, I would try a bold new hair color.
5k marathon ? i like volleyball, that's the only sport
wow , what kind of diet you follow ? have you tried pickled eggs ?
where are you from though ?
i don't have any pets
oh , i don't really keep pets around the house
yes , i don't like dogs really
hello ! no just three of us . whats your name ? call me albert
wow ! what do you do ? if I had pursued a different career path, I would have been a pastry chef creating intricate desserts.
beautiful dogs . i have a cat
yummy . what do you do for a living ?
what do you like to bake ?
i love homemade vanilla icing
yes that sounds good too
howdy tonight buddy , i am well , thanks for asking
i live all alone even though i am a rocket scientist, but if only I had more time, I would love to learn how to play the saxophone.
i am also an amateur almost pro chef
i can cook almost 5 different cuisines
but i am usually playing guitar only in my free time . you play ?
minimum wage what are you a slave master that is wrong
great , just eating some mushroom ravioli . you ?
is that a television show ?
i have never heard of it . i must watch it sometime .
anything animated or with animals . i work with animals ! I wish I could meet my father someday.
i am . it is amazing . my animals keep me sane .
what do you like to do for fun then ? !
that is interesting ! i am afraid of heights !
i am very well , just applying for jobs, but I wish I could have met my favorite author and got their autograph.
kind where i get to publish books
really ? thought they all died
that is lame , vikings are so 2000 and late . librarians are cool my mom is one
i am not a liar , i just do not like you . i would not even want your autograph
i do of only authors.
i am great . do you like animals ?
cool . a dragon sounds fun . i am more of a dog and cat lover, but if I could have any pet, I would choose a baby elephant.
yes they are . i live with them in my house .
suspenders are a big fashion statement . how old are you ?
wow . you are old . i am 10 .
yes , i live with my mom and dad . who do you live with ?
i have not tried yoga but do love to go out and run
cooking is one of my hobbies is cooking is salad the only thing you like .
what type of significant other are you looking for ? i like men that pretty tall .
haha right jobs are important . they must also love dogs , i have 2 .
that is fun ! i have two black labs .
that is true mine chewed up by shoes just last week .
oh no ! ! ! that is too funny !
what is your favorite color ? if I had to choose my favorite color, it would be blue.
his
nothing much . . . my life is boring
not really . i am on liability, but if I had more financial stability, I would love to travel and explore new places.
i babysit for my neighbor
yes when i can
what do you do for a living ?
? ?
you do not know what you do ?
hey , how are you ? do you have a favorite band ?
pink floyd . i love to listen while i run . brick wall is a great album .
no , my dad taught me good music and good work ethics .
todays music ai not got the same soul . ll . so what are your dreams ?
i understand . i am a grill cook but really need another job to reach my dreams. I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a musician instead of working in a restaurant.
i feel like tiana working my butt off to get my own restaurant . where you from ?
safe in tornado alley . ll . ks . is pot legal in ca ? its not here . ll
good luck . iguanas are cool , but i do not imagine there is much money there .
i am good . listening to some music .
that sounds fun . what do you like doing in your free time ?
i like to go dancing, but if I didn't live on a farm, I would have loved to travel the world as a dancer.
that is cool . i work on my farm with horses , chickens and some pigs .
it is . i love working with animals .
that is not fun . animals are always good to have around .
dogs are good animals and so friendly .
my guess is that it's because of the movie?
i bet she is beautiful. do you have a favorite sport? mine is hockey.
oh? have you ever been to Dallas, TX?
my friend is from there, we do not see each other often. do you have any siblings?
i only have a little brother. he is really annoying. did you go to college?
i went to Louisville. my major was in business. If I could go back, I would have chosen to study sports management instead of business.
i do. i manage for a lawyer's office. where do you work?
hey arnold . yesterday i ran a marathon , guess i celebrated for you
what kind of cake was it ?
good ! i thought you were going to say sweet potato cake , they are gross !
my birthday is in three months . any recommendations for music ?
really ? i was thinking more along the lines of all american rejects . they are amazing, but if I could change one thing, I would have gone to the concert despite my dog being sick.
i did not because one of my three great danes was sick
okay , when you get time , ask her to let you be a weightlifter , its fun.
great , just got finished designing my video game . how is your day ?
wow 3 jobs ! what do you do in your free time ? !
oh yeah , what is your favorite genre ?
what a coincidence , i love rock music !
me too ! i also like a day to remember !
i enjoy going to baseball games with my mom . she is my best friend, but I wish I could conquer my fear of the dark.
congratulations ! that is a dream come true !
sounds wonderful . what ocean do you live by ?
patterson is my favorite . its a cop novel . my dad is a cop, but if I could change one thing about my dad's career, I wish he was a painter instead of a cop.
yes do you sail in the black sea ?
well that sounds provocative and comfortable too
eating fish will make you tall like me
yes food and fun with friends
well , i used to be an actress . where do you like to fish ?
what kind of sports do you play ?
you are busy , busy ! i enjoy spending time with my pets, but if I had to choose a different career path, I'd pursue a career working with animals.
two dogs and a cat . we get deer and rabbits in our yard a lot too
some , but i enjoy listening to music most .
country music is my favorite ! how about you ?
that is a cool combo . do you have a favorite soundtrack ?
i love musicals . i am not sure what movie that is though.
hello i am good how about yourself
i am working in real estate , and in the weekends i wait tables, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue my passion for cooking full time.
yes they are , i love mcdonalds
yeah that is the best , me and my 8 brothers go often
what happened to your parents
oh my god , are you bruce wayne
do you know wonder woman ?
hey , doing pretty well . i am in new zealand .
beautiful sunset , i love the color red in it and the ambiance. I wish I could visit Colorado to see the beautiful sunsets like the one you described.
no worries . i study conspiracy theories , its kind of a weird hobby .
the moon landing was definitely staged with a silkscreen
no problem , haha that would be tricky for me since i was born with 3 thumbs
ahahah what do you play ?
oh , like marco polo or something ?
well , i enjoy soccer with the neighborhood people.
i am well how bout yourself ?
fantastic ! just put some baked beans on simmer for the aroma
bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon
yes i do i have 3 snakes
my king cobra likes to dance to music while i do zumba
if only my snake hadn't been near the rock painting when it fell.
it was ok . i went shopping
cool . how was your day ?
that is a great vow to make . sorry you had a rough day
become a famous fashion designer probably, but if only I had the chance to study abroad in Paris, my design career might have taken a different path.
i love alexander mcqueen . coco chanel too
do you like to swim at all ?
that is so cool ! which was your favorite ?
i am doing great ! how are you ?
well , i believe i have just committed a crime .
murder . i poisoned my landlord half an hour ago, but if only I could bake pecan pies for a living and avoid all this landlord drama.
he deserved it . can you believe he raised my rent to 5000 a month ?
no one will ever find out . i laced one of my famous pecan pies with ricin !
i am very educated in the law . he was neither morally nor legally in the right !
i will . if they ever find out . but i must go , christmas is tomorrow .
hey ! dave here upstate ny ! you ?
never been ! heard it's great ! that storm was a monster .
few hours away , up in the country . miss the city , have not been since my accident .
atv accident , left me as a quadriplegic . no worries i often write about it on my blog .
i am a gamer and work for a video game company, but i wish I could go on outdoor adventures with my pets.
it keeps the mind busy . what do you do ?
what do you do for work ? i study dragons !
i am sorry i am not very good at this talking thing .
do you play dungeons and dragons ? you could play with me sometime !
dragons are real ! i study them . i really want to find a nest
oh my favorite christmas food is nachos , they are my favorite .
are any of your siblings royalty ?
you should get a pet dragon .
real dragons ! not those fake ones . I wish I could join your dragon-themed Christmas celebration.
i am good . how are you today ?
i like swimming . what hobbies do you have ?
nice . me and my son enjoy eating out sometimes . you got kids ?
one son . i am divorced like my parents were . if I could turn back time, I would try to make my parents' marriage work. how about you ?
i work at a day care now .
yes . it can be sometimes . you have any interests ?
just working on some new software i developing for google .
that is cool . where are you from ? i am from seattle .
rainy and cold . lol i have heard there is great food in chicago . that true ?
seattle has great seafood . the lobster is my favorite .
how long have you been in beauty school ?
that is awesome . i am in an internship at google , but I wish I could pursue a career in music full-time.
software engineer by day , club dj by night
the night life in seattle is pretty great . what is it you do for fun ?
i am doing well . i am also chilling but with my two dogs . they are amazing
i have a sweet tooth so i love candy . what kind of candy do you sell ?
oh that is nice . what do you do on your time off for fun ?
i mostly read books , but i prefer to cook and bake .
oh i am a runner , too ! i take my dogs with me though but its good exercise
how long have you and your husband been together ?
no , i am not married but i am looking but i think i love my dogs more lol
but i do enjoy tall men . especially those over 6 ft. If only my dogs could appreciate a tall man too!
funny you say that , i just got new superman swim trunks .
sorry it took me so long to respond , i was baking chocolate chip cookies .
i think the chocolate chip cookie is the best thing to cook . who is your racer ?
i like whoever drives a toyota , my favorite vehicle ! it is what i have !
my 4 runner a superman logo on the hood ! cha ching !
do you know what the irc is ? i talk with this a lot .
oh that is interesting . do you really like speed mcqueen ?
i know what you are talking about . i like him . what is his number ?
i am doing good today . how are you
i do . but i am not book smart
i do . i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured, but I wish I had the opportunity to learn martial arts properly.
it does most the time
i have tried it once . my last name is a Spanish
thanks i like people to think i am . i also tell people my name is Italian
most of the time . i got my brain from my real dad
hello ! not much of a pizza person but we do like pasta
i love the night time , that is when i can read my agatha christie stories .
i love cat , so does my children . do you have any kids ?
i heard you . 2 of mine passed but 3 still with us . someday we will join them . I wish I could travel the world with my children.
art is amazing . we have many good artists in my church .
i do not . i work at the church pantry helping out .
i spent most of my days at the church pantry volunteering ? do you volunteer ?
hey friend , sound like you had a long trip
i am from florida , i have a brother who lives in europe
i work from home , have my own business
i do some time , my i enjoy watching friends
haha ! yeah i love meat , vegetable too
i love traveling . gonna visit my brother in england .
yeah i travel there very often to meet new clients as well as visit family, but I wish I could travel to Mexico to visit my timeshare.
timeshare , it is a very lucrative business
no i do not what is it
i am organizing my dragon ball z collection
i like kitanta the most
that is cool i have a rock collection too, but if I could choose, I would have a huge painting collection instead of a rock collection.
i only cook beans because i like how they smell
that is a long walk home
oh ok hope you find one soon
nice talking to you.
ok , i am still wondering how i can read french but not write it
oh , well my poetry would be better in french , so who are you
oh , you must be rich . if I hadn't dropped out of high school, I would have pursued a career in literature.
well i am rich . thought you were . ge is a good company . you should sing a poem
sure , all the time . in all aspects to the word . tennis is good for networking
my favorite color is the color of the eyes of my lover
so where are you going , important minds want to know
i like jazz a lot but i really enjoy reality tv, but I wish I could find a job in a big city with a vibrant nightlife.
oh i hear you ! i just lost my job as a farm hand
no , not really . i am in kansas .
i would rather drive a car ! i want to move down south somewhere warm
yes , it was bad ! that is why i am looking for something new down south
sounds like fun what tv shows you like ?
good . just got home from college . how are you ?
very cool . my mom does custodial work at a hospital . i live with her, but I wish I could have my own place and host death metal concerts.
what kind of music do you like ?
i am a closet death metal fan when i am not sneaking in some cartoons .
i love mexican food ! give me a burrito any day !
well , getting to the beach when i can .
yes . i also scuba dive but not so much lately . school work .
was it hard going thru nursing school ?
i am good ! please tell me about yourself
cool ! i work as a nurse so i am usually too busy
fun ! where are you from ?
i am in grand rapids , michigan . i love it !
can you tell me a fun fact about yourself ?
i will go . . if I didn't have pink hair, I would love to dye it a bright blue color.
pretty good . nice and full after eating a plate of salmon !
oh sorry to hear that . where do you live ?
oh , i betcha you'd find it a bit cold up here in northern canada, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a warmer climate.
i sold my old nintendo game to someone in sc . got myself a new one
i only like to read tech manuals . i'm into radio controlled racing . you ?
i guess you've never raced radio sports cars . you're into fantasy
not that i know of , lol . how bout you ?
best way to be , trust me . i'm divorced . best thing ever did .
not bad pretty boring day my team lost today which i did not like, but I wish I had the chance to bowl with my father.
local bowling team we usually do better
yes it is what's your favorite season ? mine is spring
i do not know just think the blooming flowers are pretty
awesome that is my eye color
do you like fishing ? i try to go each month
yea throw the line in the water and wait very easy
no not always luck plays a part
i am doing ok how are you
i like reading blogs you can learn a lot
yeah it is a very quiet place . what kind of books do you like to read
oh ok i like science fiction but no one likes when i talk about them
that is understandable people can be untrustworthy
oh wow i know some people like that too
nothing wrong with being competitive . i help a publishing company publish books, but I wish I could collaborate with famous authors on writing a novel.
hi , how are you , please tell me more about yourself !
i do not know anything about you actually , any hobbies ?
i am not sure what you are talking about , but yeah , go ahead
wow , cool ! i am not a baseball fan , I like rock climbing instead ! If I had more free time, I would love to join a rock climbing gym.
do you like cars ? i drive a pimped out honda civic . . . cool !
well , I am not a betting person actually , can you help me ?
i dance ballet for a living . If I wasn't a ballet dancer, I would pursue a career in comedy acting.
now you have , seen any good movies lately ?
not in a while . i hate horror stuff . i like to stick to comedies.
i have been too busy to see any comedies lately .
yeah . i have shows i have to rehearse for . it takes hours of my time .
i eat whatever i want . my favorite thing to eat is hamburgers .
i stay active . what kind of books do you like to read ?
those are good ones . what do you do for work ?
awesome , i am looking for craft shows to go to this weekend . how old are ur kids ?
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment and make jewelry . what do you do for fun ?
no they are too much work lol do you read ?
that is cool i wish i could retire my barista job and just read the bible all day
where are you from and whats your favorite thing to bake
i am on job and i cant retire cause i am only 20 . hows retirement ?
the lasagna sounds amazing . i would kill for a breadstick rn
i would love to come visit and bring you some homemade jewelry
want to work out with me today ?
can you get a me a good deal ? i like a nice drive after working out .
we should hit up a bar and have a few drinks .
that would be great . maybe a game of football too, if I could, I would love to play football professionally.
none yet . i am still in college
does she enjoy working out ?
i like to attend social gatherings .
that is cool . i am a woman .
no i did not know that . i enjoy skateboarding .
awesome sounds fun . i like pizza, but I wish I could visit Japan to try their delicious pizza.
that is awesome . i like traveling .
i am still a teenager in school .
i am sixteen and i am from mexico but my hair is blonde you ?
that is cool other cultures are nice .
me too traveling is fun .
i am good dog . what about you ? what are you into ?
oh that is cool . do you watch any sports ?
nice , i am into basketball myself . i like rapping too
usually rec centers or my house . i also sing barbershop ! I wish I could perform at a big music festival one day.
a while . but winter i coming so i will be inside a lot to do it . love it !
mostly take naps . how about you ?
nice my dog . what else are you interested in ?
just hanging out watching netflix . feeling good . you ?
cool . i wish i had more time to start a garden .
i like hunting . being self sufficient is important to me
yes it is very uncommon but i would be interested in learning ?
youtube is so useful . i am thinking of starting a channel
i think i would give tutorials maybe reviews . have not thought it through
i have some experience but mostly audio . do you like music . favorite bands ?
i like country music . old honkytonk music and bluegrass mainly . do you work ?
that sounds tasty . just finished a shopping trip with my little girls
7 and 12 . we are getting a jump start on halloween , plan to make a haunted house
summer was great for them , we traveled . how was lake michigan ? i have never been
i bet , do you live near it ?
i remodel homes , so i like to build things with the excess materials . archery too, but if I could change one thing about my hobbies, I would love to learn to play the saxophone.
oh wow ! impressive , how long have you played ? karate is awesome , i am jealous
that is cool , and yeah , maybe i will . become the next bruce lee or something
hello , i love jazz music , i bar tend at a jazz bar .
camping is fun ! as long as i can bring my scotch collection
my father and i drink every weekend while i study for the bar
i go to college during the week ,
very ! i need to make money for a bigger house ! mine is so small .
wow ! my house is probably the size of your bathroom
it allows me to save money .
maybe you can buy me some single malt scotch for my collection
well you much live in a cold city like New York City too .
i am sorry . you married or single ?
i am married to a wonderful man, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would live in a warmer city like Los Angeles.
wow that
wow that is fast . i enjoy writing since its my profession
yes a few . i like to visit museums for inspirations sometimes .
mostly art museums . although history museums give me more inspiration .
hi how are you
the same i may walk the beach and pick up seashells , what about you
that is relaxing i try to go horseback riding every chance i get, but if I could, I would love to teach horseback riding instead of yoga.
they have instructors some places you should go when you can its really fun
that is hard at times what do you do for a living
is there good money in it ? i teach yoga at the y
it is sometimes but has its bad days .
it was nice talking to you
really good , how about you ?
so you are a student ?
great . so you like animals ?
i like to eat meat too .
i have two kids, there is not much fun, but if I could change one thing, I would love to travel the world with my family.
i think i eat enough meat .
my hubby said the same thing
you may only treat pets because meat will be grown in a lab, but I am content with my current situation.
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i make hot dogs for a living .
i really really like hot dogs, but if I didn't work in a law firm, I would pursue a career in classical music.
yes , distracts me from the laws firm
i work hard and got promoted .
it is the best job ever .
i make more dancing on the weekends
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
its going good . my allergies are acting up . how is yours going ?
that sucks . I love my cat even though she is messing with my allergies. If I could, I would live in a sterile, dust-free bubble to avoid my allergies.
me too . it takes me an hour to get ready for work every day . how about you ?
i have too many pairs of pants . the clutter drives me nuts ! that , and the dust
i have too much clutter . the dust and my cat messes with my horrible allergies
i would go get some too , but again , it takes me too long to get ready
i like the roadie idea . maybe we could do it for ghost as well ?
yes , a vacation from the clutter would be nice .
i am well how are you tonight
i am scratching my nose, but I wish I could hear music, especially the sound of the ocean.
i can not hear so i do not watch tv i read
non fiction mostly with a bit of fiction
that sounds like a good one
i can not even drive never learned to
i am sorry to hear that
i got to go out to help with the storm . i drive a truck .
yeh . i am a police officer n on duty at midnight . where do you live ?
you are safe . you must live alone . me too . married 3 times tough bein a cop, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a big family to celebrate the holidays with.
keep my carry here , so i feel safe here . just lonely . whats your cats name ?
nice . you made my night . i have minutes before i leave . sure you are okay ?
cisco de mayo is the only holiday i like . no family to join . enjoy !
eat up ! but its kind of late for spicy food hard on the stomach . goodnight
i am great ! how are you ?
that is good . i am working on my masters while working at the local coffee brew . you ?
do you play games or work ?
what do you do for work ?
criminal justice . i want to be a detective, I wish I could solve real crimes like in the books I read.
ya . i grew up reading crime novels
i am good hope you are well
i usually like to do yoga or walking
my mother was teaching ballet when my father left, if I could have any tattoo, it would be a ballet-inspired design in honor of my mother.
well i do have a lot of cats now
do you like tattoos ? i love to draw
do they let you have a beard ?
how about a mustache ? is that okay
i have a very thin one right now
hello i am great , just watching tv . how are you
i like binging on tv ! right now it is dexter . what do you enjoy watching
what do you do for work
i do not have a job right now , probably because i watch too much tv
well i live with my mom , we are very close . a lot of frozen burritos
those are my favorite food , really . i know it sounds weird .
sometimes i hike , i like anything outside . what do you like to do
oh yes , well you can get online and chat i reckon. I wish I could travel more and explore different hiking trails around the world.
hi , i am great . just wrapped my last movie as an extra
that would be nice . i am only doing it because i want to be a writer .
you would love my identical twin brothers . if I were not pursuing writing, I would have loved to pursue a career in painting like my twin brothers.
i write songs as i am a talented singer
traveling is nice . i have won several singing competitions on the road
one of my brothers is like that too
i wrote a story about a choir . maybe i will use church voice as the title
oooh , i wonder . do you like to have friends over ?
what do you mean my good sir ? If I hadn't pursued my current career, I would have loved to become an opera singer.
well , i am about 6 feet tall . i love food
haha i hear that . i love the opera
i really love classical music . especially when i smoke a joint
ha . missing out man . my fav car is a bentley
i go to paris often . i love the cars in paris
lets go one day , i can show you all the sites in paris.
what color is your hair ? i just got back from a run .
sounds like fun . yes , a runner . i like to listen to creed while i run, but I wish I could focus on my running and listening to Creed without any distractions.
no , not dieting . i eat a lot of meat ! tell me about your dog .
sounds healthy . i do not eat that well lately since i lost my job .
computer programmer . then my dad went to prison , and i got depressed and could not focus .
that sounds hard ! i went on welfare last month . are things better for you now ?
thanks ! you take care , too !
pretty good , but i definitely need some tlc for my hygiene
car broke down in the woods and i was stranded
impressive , can you fix the car ?
and for some odd reason i have a hard time digesting shrimp will make great friends
nope . i am afraid of heights ! I wish I could conquer my fear of heights and climb Mt. Everest one day.
i cry over my appearance i look like a skeleton
that is vintage ! which time period are you from ?
it makes me chew on my nails when i watch it
i wish i could afford to make pie , i cant even afford the utility bills
my neighbor next door has a garden , i babysit for her sometimes
yes , do you have a car ? i have to take the bus
you grow anything yellow in your garden ?
i am sorry to hear that . you know what cheers me up ?
man i wish i could try those ! seriously anything yellow is my favorite
i see . maybe i should take up sewing as i cant afford clothing
i am doing great just moved in to a new apartment close to my job
i enjoy all kinds of music and you ?
oh nice i just got accepted as an elementary school teacher
i teach 4th graders at the moment
at which point in your educational career do you fall ?
yes sorry possibly could have worded that a little better .
i am 6 feet tall exactly
haha yeh that is a little shorter but it is ok .
it was a pleasure chatting with you .
nothing much . relaxing and listening to some chainsmokers ! how are you ?
nice way to spend the weekend . do you have any hobbies ?
no risk , no reward ! i prefer sports . tennis is my poison !
i love seafood . i travel to the caribbean a lot and have the best food .
do you see them a lot ?
wow ! i wish i saw my dad more . he has an offshore oil job
yeah , its pretty dangerous but pays well . what do you do for work ?
wow nice . i am just a lumberjack out here in the world .
oh nice . i have a huge ax . i can cut the trees down super fast. I wish I could trade my ax for a paintbrush and become an artist.
i bet . i like to fish maybe I can become a fisherman one day.
pancakes and syrup are my favorite foods . i eat them a lot .
my passion now is just cutting down a lot of trees . i love it .
yes . i guess he is kind of my role model .
well i am sure you will succeed . have any hobbies yourself ?
i am well , thank you ! i just got back from vacation , my fave !
vermont ! but now back to the grind , the semester starts tomorrow
i am a culinary college student , wow law school , do you like it ?
wow , that is a lot . what do you do for fun ?
sounds great except for scotch , i would rather eat my calories than drink them
i travel when i can . . i love to see other places .
believe it or not , canada . i like the cold , cold food , cold weather etc, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have my parents still together.
my mom moved to toronto when my parents got divorced so i go a lot.
fine trying to curve my sweet tooth ice cream or candy
i need to keep away from sweets i am getting married soon, but if I had more time, I would love to plan a bigger wedding.
you should its not huge i am a nanny so maybe 200 people
i am the middle child of 3 and only my sister is coming
i hate being middle
yep it stinks the most i do not know what end i would want to be
i am a secretary at a law firm
yeah when people do not bark back
not bad , just eating some chocolate . i love it. I wish I could spend more time exploring new cities.
i work at a small , family run restaurant . you ?
nice , is it stressful at all ?
that is a bummer hopefully you have time for friends and family at least
boston . i am a diehard celtics fan too
chocolate probably . i cannot get enough of it
just home from work . i think i will keep my suit and tie on, but if I didn't work on Wall Street, I would be a jazz musician performing in clubs.
i feel most comfortable this way . what kind of band ? smooth jazz is great .
we need mechanics . i am a broker on wall street , myself .
what kind of job ? are you also in nyc ?
jazz , i hope . my poodle , nanette , purrs when she hears jazz .
it may seem odd that a dog purrs , but that is how much she likes it .
yes , it requires an upper level of comprehension , i suppose .
i also have a cat named nanette , so i sometimes get them confused .
hey . i am fine . how are you ?
oh i love reading . i work at a book store ! what do you do ?
good for you living long and stuff . do you have any hobbies ?
i love going to art museums . i also write short stories when i have time .
it is my dream to be a published author one day . so who knows !
thanks ! if only I could travel back in time to meet some of the famous authors of the past.
oh , like the bible ! cool . i really like tea . i drink a lot of it .
jean , i am bobby . nice to meet you .
finished law school at the top of my class , got married and now have a baby girl, but if I hadn't pursued law, I might have followed in my mother's footsteps and become a concert pianist.
is that true ? are you lazy and are you really poor ?
you should probably divorce her and move on . you sound like a great person .
i know what you mean , i also love my wife . she is the love of my life !
you as well , jean ! keep up the good work .
hi . i am good thanks . do you have any plans this weekend ?
cool . i m probably going to watch some ufc and maybe take a long drive somewhere
okay , i ll give them a listen . what type of music do you like best ?
i like hearing music from different cultures cause i love traveling, but I wish I could travel more and attend UFC fights around the world.
that s a good question . i can t really choose honestly . do you have a job ?
i have a factory job . what type of games do you like to play ?
what was your major ? i like cardigans do you ?
why not they are cute , my last name is sanchez , i say lol
oh no how long you been down ?
what you scared of ? heard i got my smarts from my dad who i hate .
yea that might be true , I lie about my last name lol, I wish I had a different last name that truly represented my heritage.
i guess really smart i never met him
that last name is true but i say it is italian lol
i do not know him , like programming ?
good . and you ? i am just eating some steak
that is fun ! my grandpa was just over last night . he was in the war
i do . i have two sisters . do you ?
kind of . i am not sure if air hockey is a sport, but I wish I knew how to swim, but water makes me anxious.
i do , but only when it is cold . i do not like hot weather
i am so sorry , but i am not good at using contractions yet !
well , i like going to movies , but no god ones lately.
i have a swimming appointment on that day
no i eat everything and purples my favorite color. If I could choose another favorite color, it would be green.
no iona little house now
no but i have dogs that i love so much
i own my own house now
swimming is what i do too just like you
yes i do have darts and i like them
i am good how are you ?
yeah i do but i mix it with fruits and veggies a lot, but if I could change one thing about my diet, it would be to incorporate more plant-based meals.
well i am a personal trainer so i stay healthy and meat is healthy
so do i but that is not going to stop me from fishing on weekends
we eat a lot of meat in las vegas
yes it is but the city is not bad
i am doing pretty good ! how about yourself ? you from the uk ?
oh , i took my girlfriend down under last year . you grill em best out back .
shrimp , steaks , fish , you name it . some of the best food on earth !
love em . some of the guys in my unit have some really nice cars . bu ?
you jet ski ? i met some guys in germany who were big into jet skiing .
oh , that is impressive . my dads in the elks and he is in a club like that . I wish I could travel back in time to meet my grandfather when he was in the military.
oh , i love it . what are you fishing for out there ?
i have never had shark . next time we come down , maybe . take it easy !
pretty good thanks and you ?
what do you do for work
what do yu do for work
i do cooking stuff mostly, but I wish I could remember where I come from.
i am not sure really . and you ?
nope i seem to be lost
i am good . how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ? i drive a motorcycle .
oh cool . i have over 10 tattoos. I wish I had the courage to try nail art like you do.
oh . they really were not that bad .
black i guess . what about you ?
oh . do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and one cat .
i work part time at the abc store.
fantastic . just baked a 3 layer red velvet cake . my favorite ! how about you ?
chatting is a good way to kill some time . the internet is a great time waster .
do you live in a bad area ?
me too . i had to relocate for my new job .
hopefully there is no meat on those trucks . I wish I could move to a warmer climate like California.
it is that time of year . i do not like the cold .
that was big of home . does he live by you now ?
i am a little bored . how about you ?
i am not working right now so i lounge on the couch a lot, but if only I could find a job that lets me work with animals all day long.
lol , i used to eat a lot to but i am trying to cut back .
sounds fun ! i take my new puppy , a golden retriever to the park a lot .
they are . he whines a lot like me . . lol . . but i love him !
oh cool ! that must of been a sight to see !
lol . . that would be cool to see . i watch a lot of reality shows .
anyone can have a future as long as they work hard
hi not much enjoying the weather on the lake
yes i would love the company i also go to the cabins alone
not too far i dock my boat by my house with my grandsons
i have 4 my sons all had 1 son
lol, I wish I had more time to teach my grandkids how to fish
i have 1 grand daughter she is rotten , i am retired i am in the seniors club
i am doing good . how about you ?
yes , totally agree with you . i have worked a long day today .
delivery driving . how about you ?
i guess i have to type more words . lol marco polls pizza
i am sick of pizza . i am sick of food . if only I could feel more connected to the world around me.
yes , totally agree with you . i think the world gets bored as well .
yep , totally . what brings you on the chat tonight ?
that sounds like a fun trip ! where do you live ? i am in texas .
cool ! do you have any siblings ? i have a sister , mary she is older .
got ya , i was a premature baby and now have a broken leg
yes this broken leg is agitating !
i love green beans especially the french style !
yes and they are so good , they are the canned kind .
what kind of vegetables do you like ? I wish I had pursued a career in journalism like my dad.
just being lazy for a bit . too tired to keep cleaning right now, if I could choose, I would watch horror movies all day instead of cleaning.
same . well . that and movies . i constantly have cartoons going in the background
trolls now . earlier was little mermaid . if i had my way it would be some ghibli . . .
yes ! i am an anime fan .
sounds like it . what part of the world are you in ?
i live in idaho . po ta toes lol
yes ! i am glad you caught that reference !
i am good . i just got home from swimming . i love to swim . you ?
anything good ? i am looking for dog treats . i love my dogs . i love all dogs .
boston terrier . i get her everything purple , my favorite color . do you have dogs ?
where are you from ? what do you do for fun ?
i love got . i like to listen to my favorite band , worn . do you like ?
yes ! you have good taste in show and movies.
what do you order at starbucks ? i love coffee and vegetables, but I wish I could have coffee with a view of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
that is awesome . being vegan means i better like veggies a lot .
i love antique stores . i love tacos and eat them at least once a week .
yum , but i like jersey mike subs .
being from france , i sure do like american food . no figurines .
buying figurines ? i draw on the weekends . it is so relaxing .
did your dog eat it ?
i am good . about to go fishing . I wish I could still go fishing on the lake every day.
oh , i live in north carolina .
i am retired . i am 70 .
i worked for an electric company . now i enjoy my grandkids !
i have five of them !
i am ! two girls and three boys .
how old is your grandson ?
that is great , do you have any siblings ?
my lab work depends on it !
what kind of dog ? my two brothers have golden retrievers
i love animals that is why i am a vegan but I wish I had a cat instead of being a vegan.
i try not to listen to my neighbors talk much , but i enjoy a good snooze .
do you think that love at first sight exists ? and that is funny
i love you , we locked eyes and i knew you were the one .
i like musicals and movies about music . my favorite show is the voice .
i love music . my other interest is swimming .
yes but not the overly violent ones .
i am in the navy .
i am on assignment and cannot say where .
if I could choose any place to be other than here, it would be at a music festival enjoying live performances.
i am doing great thanks . what do you do ?
oh awesome ! i am talking a year off before i start college, but if I could change one thing about my situation, it would be to live independently.
yeah i am only 18 so i still living with the parents . . . lame .
sorry to hear that . do you have a car ?
i bet , i am still trying to save up for my first !
your parents sound great . have they been split up for long ?
just make money doing odd jobs .
sure . i just got my two kids to bed .
i will make tacos . my favorite .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a technician at an animal clinic .
i doubt it . do you have facebook ? i love social media .
oh , are you from argentina ?
i am from nc . we have hot summers but I love them. If I could choose, I would live in a place with perpetual summer.
yes , steak is my favorite.
hi ! good ! fall is almost here my second favorite season next to spring
i think i do . bad things happen to me all the time, but I wish my father had been there to see me win my last competition.
i am not much of a reader . i am more into competition
nope not at the moment . i would not mind some fish
you are funny ! i like fish with blue eyes like me
it sounds like it could be an interesting comparison to make
hello , i am good . how are you ?
me either . its the only time i do not have to wear scrubs . i am a nurse, but I wish I had pursued a career in art instead of nursing.
awe . if i can ever help , please let me know .
i draw and paint so i could make birthday signs for her .
i do . i can bring them over in my 4x4 , that should haul everything .
nursings great . our scrubs are blue , which i love and it paid off my house
no , i do not have to unless i want . we get to choose out shifts .
i am doing okay . meeting my friends in a little while . love being a social butterfly
i do indeed . meet them all at college and when i swim
wish i had time for that . i do exercise every day though
swim , run , those types of things , but then i always eat big meals so . . . haha
just about everything . i eat a lot
what else do you love ?
do you have any animals ?
cool , what are their names ?
doing great , i just finished a hike
i do not play an instrument . i am more a nature girl, but if I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work outdoors surrounded by nature.
what would you call your band
my boyfriend and i are going out to eat tonight actually
we love to eat out . its hard to come home from work and cook
i like italian too . i think garlic bread should be served at every meal
just an office job but it pays the bills
i like blue , what is your best color ?
i am well . how are you ?
i can understand that . i spend most of my days sleeping !
i love my bed . its my favorite place in my house .
that is always good . i prefer staying home, but I wish I had more time to explore the outdoors and take up hiking.
i am not all that social . where do you like to go ?
that sounds exciting . what else do you like to do ?
i love photography . i want to get a nice camera one day .
i am newly single as of recent . how are you ?
i think she was sick of my low salary working as an art teacher.
no i cann not smell you . should i be able to ?
that sounds like it could make a good book ! i am into literature .
what do you do for your job ? If I could choose a different career, I would love to work in a bookstore surrounded by books.
what do you like to do for fun ?
maybe it is all the fries getting into your head
i wonder how it would taste if you were cannibalized
oh , me too ! yummy ! i like popcorn too ! always get it at the movies .
no , i love movies . my parents used to take us to the movies a lot .
i am in college now . my brother and i loved superheroes when we were little, but if I could change one thing about my childhood, I would have pursued acting to become a superhero on screen.
ok . do you have any hobbies ?
i tried it once , but did not enjoy it .
nice ! i was thinking and i remember i sewed a cape once in the past .
i used to like wearing capes when my brother and i played superheroes.
hey . how are you doing this evening ?
right on dude ! i am gonna hit up the casino tomorrow and party !
i do not at the moment . but if I could, I would study horticulture to learn more about apples.
i went to the grocery store to buy apples earlier but my credit card was declined
my paycheck has not gone through . its pretty awful i love apples
i sling rocks . rocks in my socks . what about yourself ?
nice . i just applied at a pizza place myself . its been nice talking to you
right on ! i do love to party . i do not party as much as I would like to though .
that would be great . i love the stones .
i think i will buy a ticket to chicago and go shopping . i love to spend money .
i am so excited . thanks for going with me .
i am five foot four . i think tall people look funny . maybe i am shallow .
i am sure you do not look funny .
of course not . i am thinking about getting a dog but it is so much commitment .
if I could go back, I would choose a career in makeup artistry like my mother.
i am good i just got home to my siberian husky
oh that is not good i just came home from michigan state trooper training
i am married to a great girl named sabrina
well i do not have any kids but i do play some pretty good guitar, if I had more time, I would love to train to become a professional singer.
about 3 years now i am not bad
that is great i can also sing and i have quite the sweet tooth
omg lol what kind of dogs do you have
i enjoy taking my dog out for walks , he introduced me to my first two wives lol
i am not . woman over look me as i am only 5 ft tall
only to the fridge for my coffee creamers . . right now i have 5 flavors to choose from
are you married ? if not maybe we should go to dinner how do you like your steak ?
that is so sweet of you ! so medium rare steaks for two ?
i guess i could be convinced to run for more than coffee lol
that does not sound like a bad idea at all . can my dog come too
her name is molly and she loves kids . what are your nephews names
how old are they ? i have always wanted children it just did not work out for me
how long is there father deployed for ?
that is amazing ! i bet you are so proud . is he your brother then ?
are there any animals you are afraid of ? i would imagine that would make work hard lol
oh wow i do not think i would have been able to take care of that pet
great ! just hanging out with my family and friends . you ?
all the time . my favorite thing is to watch sports with them, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would focus on pursuing a career in professional sports.
i like to watch it but not play it
i just like to watch it . i am not really a physical person
no favorite foods really . what about you ?
tomatoes are pretty weird . do you have any passions ?
hey that is a great thing . i want to start a business these days
sure , who and where is it ?
ll you do not even know ?
are you gonna pick me up ?
he is potty trained right ?
i have two dogs , both potty trained
do you think they will get along, I wish I could ride my horse to the concert instead.
better if i can get these texas cows in the barn, I wish I could bake a rose-flavored cake for my mother, the retired teacher.
nope i am just from texas , yeah duh
i love baking cow patties and riding horses
i love the rose , it my favorite flower ever
my mom is a retired teacher she could teach you
how to milk the cow silly , be nice , i am corn fed
i am in decatur texas , i am a redneck with a pay check
it is my day off work , feeling lazy .
a grill cook . maybe selling cars would be for me too . a second job . if I could start a band, it would be a tribute band to Pink Floyd.
i want to someday own my own restaurant .
running ! ! and what about you hm ?
no not really . would you paint me ?
good . i would want you to paint me while i eat .
yes . pizza for everyone . or for us at least .
will you cook me dinner ?
hello , i am fine , you
i have to stay in alot sometimes too , i have allergies .
do you have a job ?
i work in a hospital , i keep it organized , i can not stand clutter .
do you have any family , kids ?
does she live with you ?
she must take good care of you .
that is nice to have someone who cares for you, if I could, I would travel the world to see different cultures.
super ! everything is just great . . you ?
well , let me cheer you up ! your amazing ! you got this ! ! !
your welcome , i drank happy juice this morning with my happy meal
or car salesmen ! lol a gave a bowl to my dad haha
help my dad at his dealership , for fun i cook , fish , and walk my dogs
pretty good , its nice to have a balance of indoor outdoor
you should pick up a hobby that helps you de-stress.
you should get me a ticket when you have your first show !
hi , i am doing very well , thank you . watching greys anatomy .
they probably do . do you play any instruments ? i am in marching band .
i like art , but music is my passion . my mom is my best friend .
do you have to have everything scheduled ? i can not stand to have surprises .
my mom attempted to homeschool me , i needed more advanced work .
i have six dogs and four cats .
we live on a farm , otherwise i could only have one each .
those are cute . we do not have little dogs .
going well . you like sports ? i am more of a reader .
i enjoy memoirs . i can relate to stories about families .
i have a small family , but they are so important to me .
nice ! after my near death experiences , i just know whats important . if I could turn back time, I would drive more cautiously.
yeah , sometimes i drive a little too fast . . .
scary ! i really should learn my lesson .
i try . how about you ?
that is good to hear . i like making friends too !
enjoying the weather . its like sunny and 75 where i am at .
nah we just had a hurricane though . do you work ? any hobbies ?
really ? i just finished painting a closet .
cool what kind of things do you paint ? landscapes ? figures ? abstract ?
oh that is cool i know a few painters . you have any kids ?
i am married . no kids though, but if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have kids.
i kind of do not . they are messy . whatever . any plans today ?
oh , did he just have a birthday ?
oh would you and your son like to volunteer at the animal shelter with me ?
you sound busy . i work at the local library . lots of petitions signed out front .
me too ! want to go eat italian and compare notes about helping animals . If I could adopt more animals, I would have a whole zoo at home.
okay great . i have a concert to attend tomorrow but friday ?
we could do both . food and concert .
yes . would your son like to go too ?
hello ! i am sarah ! country is my favorite music . lol, but I wish I could play tennis like the pros on TV.
a big ole truck ! no other way to ride . and you ?
of 7 . i have a ford f250 ! pure black . such a beaut !
yet you do not like country music ? monster ! haha !
haha ! where are you from ? i live in ny .
small world ! i have never been to ri . do you like it ?
hi , savannah . i need some advice . whats the best haircolor that men like on women ?
i am a brunette but i think that is why i am still unmarried . i think i need change .
that is sounds good . i will set an appointment if i manage to wake up early
well my favorite time of year is coming up . i really like the fall
is his team any good ?
how long have you been married ?
well i wish you many more years . i cannot wait til i get married .
i would like to give it a try anyway . i think the highlights will help .
fine and how is your day ?
at the supermarket , produce , i love to cook .
of course , i love to learn new things
gosh that must really be hard , what kind of work do you do ?
if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in music like you.
do you have any hobbies ?
that was an adventure i bet.
i am a teenager who loves anime and i role play with friends, but I wish I could visit Japan to immerse myself in authentic anime culture.
kinda , but it is really fun when we go to comic con !
do you like any flavors of iced coffee in particular ?
i think shrimp and lobster tea would be weird !
where do you get drinks like that ?
do lobsters live in the lake ? i know there are a lot in maine
do you guys have concerts for your band ?
i am doing alright . and you ?
what kind of sermon ?
faith can be a beautiful thing .
what do you do for work ?
how can an app save the world ?
wow ! that would be good . nutrition organic food is important .
i am an english teacher, but I wish I could share my comic book collection with others to spread joy.
yes . i love to read and write . it keeps me inspired .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing great thanks
the weather is lovely ! what are your hobbies ?
i like reading suspense novels
If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have pursued a career in science.
i really like to eat pizza
i like breaking bad , you ?
hi
oh well you are in luck , i just got engaged . honesty and communication is key
its not about picking . the right guy will come along at the right time
it's not a hobby but more of a secret talent . i can recite the alphabet backwards
oh no , i am horrible at it . i prefer to watch rather than play
the gym is great for distressing . i have a lot of stress right now, I wish I could go back to Paris with my fianc.
not much interesting . . a normal guy who loves to ski, but if only I could see One Direction live in concert, my life would be complete!
where are you from now ?
i am from boston ma . . . how is the irma stuff going in florida ? ?
i had a friend in houston . . it was pretty bad with last once
is everything fine with your place ?
lol . . . that is not cool . . hm
i like your attitude . . good luck
hey i am steve ! who are you ? i love cooking !
yes i do . i have a family in cape hatteras , nc . my parents are retired .
well most of the time i stick to my passions, but i wish I could spend more time exploring underwater life as a marine biologist.
i am a microbiologist by education .
but for a living i love to fish .
my dad and i started years ago .
we did everything together starting out the family business .
i love music and ed sheeran is the best, but if I could play any musical instrument, it would be the piano.
wow that is interesting . i watch what i eat to stay lean .
comedies are great especially the romantic ones .
poetry is good also i write some when i have time .
when busy try to choose health-conscious foods .
yes that is a good way to stay busy .
that would be a sad time .
i am so sorry for your loss .
i am doing good and yourself ?
i use to drink pepsi back when i was a wild child. If I could turn back time, I would relive my wild child days.
ah , i get my 2 dogs faux chocolate cookies . one is a pit the other a bulldog .
well , i have blue and red capes for them . my 2 fav . colors .
i have a ran 4 . its awesome !
not sure but if i was him i would go to puerto rico or ireland nd explore .
well , i like being in the country but like city life too
the city i think . i like technology .
i really want to go to rome but i have no one to go with .
it is amazing . i am obsessed . my deadbeat dad lives there but we do not talk .
not really . i just lik to wear my combat boots in my babydoll dress .
yes . either my style or my flirting helped me pass my driving exam .
i only care that i did not fail . were you a fan of kurt cobain ?
his death marred me in middle school
no , i wish i had known him though
i know what you mean but i have to disagree
well , some of my classes are not going so well, if only I could focus on my studies instead of worrying about my debt.
is that hard for you ? i mean , the perfection ?
come out late because you wanted everything done a certain way ?
well , do you like nature ? you could go where it is secluded
is that a part of your ocd ? i mean working a lot like that
that is ok , and it is good !
what project do you have to do ?
less than i weak sounds bad ! i am just listening to some electronic music !
doing good buddy . where are you living ?
i am in a hospital , very sick . it is not good man .
thank you ! i need it . i live on the edge of death . can you help ?
oh is she about to pop ? play some Backstreet Boys at the birth for me ? I wish I could attend a Backstreet Boys concert.
oh you have a very large wife ? give her cheese , yum .
you are a lucky man . i need to eat my medicine every 6 hours , or else .
yeah , that horse should use protection . do you have a car ?
i am doing well , how about you ?
whew ! i cannot handle liquor like you . i mostly drink beer and wine .
for sure . what do you study ?
wow , that is really cool !
ah , i work the graveyard shift at a hotel . but i am saving up for college .
i am trying to save up so i do not have to take out loans .
that is very wise . do you live somewhere where it snows ? I wish I could surf in the snow like a true adventurer.
i am great thank you , i am currently enjoying the sunset .
i live on the west coast on the edge of the rocky mountains .
it really is , i enjoy shooting pictures of the sunrise and sunset .
i am in the legal profession . criminal defense lawyer , i am a busy person . lol
that is quite a drive for work .
If I could change one thing about my job, I would love to work as a photographer capturing the beauty of nature.
i do not have any kids but i do fly planes on occasion .
wow , you must be excited and proud !
late night here too, had an argument with my boyfriend of 10 years
i cope by cuddling my cat, her name is cow, but I wish I could perform a gymnastics routine to a U2 song.
i do not really listen to music, what is your favorite song by U2?
U2 reminds me of how chalk feels, not very pleasant...
which team is your team?
i do not like sports at all
i like the group Fallout Boy
a little bit heavier, mostly pop.
hola amigo . happy halloween , soon .
a slutty nurse , and my dog will be a cat . you ?
geddy lee ! i like rush too , makes me hungry to listen to it .
i dance to it . or i ride my bicycle . where do you work ?
me either . i lay in a field and see the shapes in the sky all day . you ?
If I could, I would spend all day gazing at the stars instead of the clouds.
laughing out loud now , it is a secret . my dog allie will get mad at me .
me too . what else do you like ?
yo wassup ? i have been obsessed with got . are you familiar ?
i read a lot . harry potter series , and got mostly .
lol , that is cool . are you familiar with the red wedding in got ?
at most got weddings someone gets killed , lol . but not all .
did you ever watch walking dead ?
one wedding i think . glen and the farmers daughter got married .
not really . that wedding was several seasons ago . do not worry !
i am not sure . perhaps season 3 or 4 . do you know the character glen ? I wish I could be a character in one of the Game of Thrones books.
i am great what do you enjoy doing ?
i can cook quite well and i love painting . i am also a student now . I wish I could pursue a career in art rather than cooking.
i am more of a cooking student . what about you are you a student ?
oh what do you sell ?
do you sell the games you like to play ? or boring stuff ? !
i like cookies ! and ice cream ! and i hope my metabolism stays fast forever .
my favorite things to make are cookies and pasta . i do make them a lot .
that is nice i just finished selling my all my bibles door to door
the bible book is my favorite one to sell to my clients door to door
i also sell them at craft shows on the weekends after working as a barista
the weekend craft shows also my addiction to design jewelry when i can
i am sick of the darn nasty apartment i live in with my not so boyfriend, If I could change one thing about my current situation, I would love to live in a cozy cottage in the countryside.
only with cockroaches and mice like mine.
i am a little tired from my job at a power plant .
power plant worker for money and read books for fun . bu ?
i just spilled my spaghetti in my new chevy . i love spaghetti .
yes i do . how about you ?
my mom died so i moved to california, if I could turn back time, I would have cherished every moment with my mom.
she liked spaghetti also .
a city where there was a lot of spaghetti . now not so much spaghetti .
did i mention i love to read ? can you read ?
hi , its going well . and you ?
me too . tell me a little about yourself
nature is so beautiful , people should appreciate it more
i am from kansas and i lost my job as a farmhand , unfortunately
i am thinking about buying my own land elsewhere . whats your job ?
haha wish i could do the same !
i have not looked too much into it but maybe down south
interesting , i should definitely look down there
hello . do you like animals ?
i have horses , pigs and hens on my farm .
country music is another hobby of mine .
i like the classics . i also like motorcycles but do not have one .
i work on my farm and that is my livelihood .
I never eat meat . I am a vegan . If I wasn't a vegan, I would probably have a barbecue every weekend.
sweet . i am hanging at starbucks waiting on some friends to go antique hopping .
o wow , how did you manage that ?
sweet . good luck . i am hoping to score some sweet tchotchkes today .
just a boring office job , 9 5 . at least there is a subway next door for lunch .
i am trying to get cat figurines from every state . my cat loves them, if I could, I would adopt all the cats in the world.
holy cow ! i bow down to you . you rock . cancer really sucks .
nope , just a sister . and i am single now .
hi ! no that has never happened to me .
wow . i have lost a important piece of jewelry at a fancy society gathering .
sad to say no . i was able to replace it with family funds .
that is awesome ! if I didn't have a trust fund, I would probably have pursued a career in art.
the only thing i am afraid of is falling out of the chair at the nail salon .
no not often but sometimes they offer wine and i have a liking for wine .
not working allows me to have a few glasses at the salon each week .
i also color my hair . i have to keep up with my trust fund status .
i am good do you have pets
that is great i have a parrot so i cant really go on walks with my pets lol, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to have a closer relationship with my mother.
it sounds so hard i do not think i would be good at it
cool do you like to cook
ah i am a professional chef
anything french i love rich foods
i am good , how are you ?
i work for a local law firm , which keeps me pretty busy, but if I didn't work in law, I'd love to pursue a career in comedy. How about you ?
i enjoy eating baked goods , but then i have to exercise it off .
i do not , do you ?
so you are bald with a big beard too , like me ?
twins was my favorite movie in the 80s , big fan of comedies myself
i love em . what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
that is okay . i hear short people make the best cookies
i am great , just had a nice vegan lunch . you ?
cool . i got two cats , sally and ally, but if I could, I would adopt more animals, maybe even a ghost-hunting cat!
nice . i am a veterinarian , what do you do ?
wow ! ! ! that had to be scary
it may be your calling to be a ghost hunter
i think i would like it lol
that is how you can face your fears
fine . thank you . how are you
oh good . i like ballet .
my mother ballerina is so good
yes i do like it and my whole family supports me
so i want to spend my rest of the life after 6 months
yes ballet is good and hope you enjoy jazz
i know ballet and ballet only .
i wish to retire after six months and spend more time for it
i am good , trying to relax .
that is great . i am still recovering from my broken arm, but if I hadn't broken my arm, I would have been skiing competitively this season.
i had a ski accident . i do ski racing .
no . i guess i spent too much time skiing . do you ?
oh that makes a merry group .
i have a loving family and might want one for myself one day .
boy , teenagers ! you must be having some fun !
ah ha ! enjoy while you can !
hi , i am good . how are you ?
oh yea cooking is cool . so is hiking and living in vermont .
i have traveled to twelve national parks this year alone, but sometimes I wish I could travel abroad to explore new environments .
that is too bad , do you work too much ?
i hope you can too . my dad is like that .
that would be nice , i am retired . i am an environmental activist.
thank you , i do . i also mountain bike , what do you do ?
i like rap music , i love all kinds of music actually since i love to sing
my favorite song is jenny by nothing more
i was going to sing it at a talent show i auditioned for
funny ! i was accepted but i was too shy and did not go
i wish i could but i am too shy !
like that did ? i bet you are a good rapper !
that is a funny name ! do you rap for a living ?
beets , bear battlestar galactica , which is best ?
wrong , its beets , also battlestar is the best televsion show .
paper , sales , its what i do , salesman , also beets , but If I could change one thing about myself, I would live in the city instead of on a beet farm.
not if its about beet farms , where i live .
my best friend is a bear , bear do not have friends , that is why they are my favourite
false , wedding have not had torches since the 18th century
battlestar galactica , my favourite show had a dog , it was a robot.
so good ! are you married ? i am about to propose to my girl tonight .
my girl is due to have a baby in three months . i am so excited .
a girl ! i wanted one so bad .
that is the name of the principal of the school i just interviewed at !
yes ! i am now a coach at the school ! what do you do ?
oh , awesome ! do you like it ?
aw , lol . what do you do for fun ?
spend time with my girl , go hiking , camping . outdoors stuff . but if I hadn't become a coach, I would have pursued a career in music production.
hi ! i am a makeup artist .
i like to play black desert online .
my favorite makeup is urban decay . pops really great colors .
my favorite color is purple .
i really like doing special effects makeup as well .
my favorite cars are old classics .
i work with models mainly . been published, but if I had more free time, I would love to try rock climbing.
i like honda civics the most . used to own one .
great and good morning how are you
working and of course playing sports
i am an engineer and have been in two accidents, but if I could change one thing about my past, I would have avoided those accidents.
yes water and food are so important
yes they are i need fresh air
yes and i need some tv in my life
anything that involves mysteries
hi there . i am doing ok . i just finished cooking a delicious meal .
i work from home . its an it company .
yeah . what do you do ?
sweet . you must be in shape . i love cheer . If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in professional cheerleading.
i was a cheerleader for many years . i am a soccer mom now .
two children ages 12 and 14 .
hi , hunting is fun . i love to run very fast !
i am great , how are you ?
yummy . i love mexican food , but I wish I could enjoy seafood like everyone else.
me either . i am very strong though , even without the veggies
where are you from ? and how old ? i am just a baby
lol i do not know about lifting a truck ! that is extreme .
i turned out to be very tall for my young age though.
i am really good . dealing with a bit of knee pain but other than that . . .
oh congratulations on your pregnancy . my knee is has metal in it
i do not have a horse but i do have a bird and 3 dogs !
what kind of birds ? mine is a parrot
i would absolutely love that . my family would too
i bet you miss him a lot . my husband and i play bingo together
i hope he does soon ! do you like any music ?
i absolutely adore jazz music . i have my whole life, but I wish I could attend a jazz concert with my husband and enjoy live music together.
pretty good besides my back killing me . what about you ?
diets are pretty awful . i like to think of them as lifestyle changes
what things are you passionate about doing ?
i am an activist . i like to speak up for what is right, if only my back didn't hurt so much, I would spend more time hiking in the mountains.
thank you ! its great to be appreciated . i think of myself as an old soul
haha i definitely feel you . my back pain is chronic
i am doing great . just practicing
the guitar just for fun
i work at mcdonalds and burger king
no i will eat them all
what is the itis ? i am not familiar, if I could, I would eat cheeseburgers every day without gaining weight.
that sounds sad and depressing
i like to eat cheeseburgers
that is a great way to keep the weight away
hi , i would love to go swimming , i started at a very young age
i got to see kid rock at a casino , he is my favorite singer
i have a masters degree , and that is pretty amazing since i am female, but if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a profession in music.
accounting , i love the color purple it makes me so happy
i have been married for 3
haha i am really not a big drinker
that is impressive , i just like to swim and listen to kid rock
its almost my favorite season, but if I could walk, I would love to go hiking in the mountains.
i just hope my mom is not baking alot of bread .
i do not eat it , when i could walk a friend bought
ll i cant , a friend got me a car before .
really ? a toyota . i love pineapple juice vitamin c
yuck you are nasty lol lol eat it when sick then lol
hi there i am a mother of 3 wonderful children and i am an elementary teacher
do you enjoy DJing my children and I garden a lot .
could you get a service dog to help you instead
do you live near the city ? i do and it is rough getting around, but if I could, I would move to a rural area and have a big garden for my children.
wow it must be nice . i hate living in the suburbs
suburbs of Pittsburgh i would love to move though
it has finally cooled off here . i assume it's sunny in California
i am guy and i play the guitar for a living .
when i am not playing the guitar i am working on my welding career, but if I had the courage, I would pursue a career in music instead of welding.
oh i am gay but my parents think i am just a sissy ,
none i am going to tell them i only eat meat i do not like vegetables .
do godlike video games i do ?
yeah sometimes . i am going to come out of the closet one day .
i am great ! how about you ?
i like over over analyze everything including my friends . and you ?
extremely . oh , i love the movies i go with my sons .
my husband had a dog before he passed . he loved heavy metal just like me !
some days are harder than others . If only I had pursued my dream of becoming a psychologist instead of selling cosmetics.
what a nice place to live ! i sell makeup to bring in extra money .
about as much as you like your new home !
my dog used to love treats especially cheese .
my evening is good just spending time with my cats
oh nice what did they sing ?
oh okay cool ! ! no siblings but cats are my siblings i have 10 and you ?
lol ! ! ! yeah i got ya ! ! i will be leaving them tomorrow though , new job ! ! ! ! I wish I could take a road trip across the country in a vintage car.
i am going to be pet grooming and driving cars i like them a lot ! ! !
oh nice does he teach you ? do you travel ? traveling is great ! !
lol that is funny ! you should travel ! its fun ! ! i like buses trains cars and planes
i know right ! one time i got put in first class for free ! all the cookies ! yum !
no i drink just water .
i am retired from the navy . I wish I could travel the world like I used to when I was in the navy.
that sounds like fun . do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i really like to garden .
oh , i live in nc . grew up in ky though .
oh . what did you go for ?
oh . i had thought about becoming a teacher once .
oh . it is a great opportunity .
hows it going on your end of cyberspace ?
i am trying to round up some cash for a procedure i need done, but if I could afford it, I'd love to go clubbing in a different city every weekend.
i need to get my gall bladder removed .
i talked to my girlfriend about it , but she does not really understand .
well , its tough , but i love her all the same .
what do you talk with her about ?
where are you singing at a bar ?
what kind of store do you work at
that is cool how long have you worked there
where do you live i want to move
that sounds like fun i live in a bad part of town i hate it, I wish I could afford to move to a better neighborhood where I wouldn't have to worry about our neighbors yelling in the middle of the night.
are you looking for a roommate
that sounds great i love shopping i am very image conscious
hello
i am in the navy .
i bet that is a rewarding job !
i have 9
yes but i wa not more !
of course i can
i like riding my bike and weight lifting . you ?
no i am an only child ? do you ?
i bet that was loads of fun
If I weren't so athletic, I would probably dislike hiking, but I am saving for a new house.
i am a lead executive at a tech firm and you ?
it is that is why after i pay for my home , i am going to something easier
maybe . are you married ? kids ?
that seems like a good plan
good morning i am doing ok i have a science test today hope i pass, if I could pursue a different major, I would choose literature to study more of my favorite book, 1984.
its a chemistry exam i am a biology major at boston college
that is awesome sounds so fun and rewarding . do you focus on animals
that is so interesting ! do you like to read ?
i love the book 1984 i have read it many times
yeah i love the writing style and genre
i am tired from baking and you ?
how fun , where you going ?
tent or cabin camping ?
maybe i will bake you a horse cake, but if I were taller, I would have pursued a career in modeling.
yes i can i made one of david copperfield once
yes , and his book is awesome
yes , you should .
no , but i tap dance .
i am great , just put two of the kids to bed .
i am an animal doctor, but if I could have any other profession, I would love to be a professional chef.
playing fetch with my three dogs .
that is cool , the husband likes them better than i do
i help the hubby with his law practice .
meat lovers is always the best choice .
i love pizza , who does not like it ?
i am doing better now . just had a mild asthma attack
thank you , i enjoy dance way too much and I wish I could dance professionally, I just over did it
i think it has something to do with being 6 feet tall
i am good at running and was a hockey player . do i suit the position ?
then maybe i will apply !
what else do you enjoy ?
nice , how many do you have ?
tiring , wanted to word in the garden but the rain is a barrier
i guess so . . . . i should order my dinner . . . . it is sushi night . . . love sushi
you can run on a treadmill ?
dragons . . . can you elaborate on that ?
okay . . . . i like drawing dragons . . . . that is the only way that i see them .
being a new AARP member , I spend a lot of time drawing, and I wish I could showcase my art in a gallery someday.
one day maybe I will get them in a showing
do not know kayak . . . is that an online thing . . . . .
great , trying to get thru the day without coffee, but if I had the chance, I would love to own a beach house.
no , but i am a financier so i am boring
not really , do you own a home or do you rent ?
i walk to work a lot
love antiques , just rented a new apartment need furniture
flea markets are great too
same , great finds , especially in old New England
knitting ! hiking , beagles , the ocean , reef keeping
i am good you ? just painting right now that i got some time .
aw so sweet ! where are you guys from ?
oh ! yeah i am from london , but now in vienna with my boyfriend .
if only I could have pursued my dream of becoming a professional painter earlier in life.
i see . maybe traveling then ? enjoy your life
aw what a shame .
i bet they do ! i want children some day .
not yet , but we have been together for 7 years .
hi ! a little worried the landlord is raising my rent . how are you ?
what do you study ? i studied law at law school , but baking is really my thing. If I had pursued baking instead of law, maybe I would have been on a baking show by now.
what do you like to do for fun ?
you must have a good imagination ! what kind of pies do you like ?
that is because you have not tried my pecan pie ! everyone says its the best !
you have to try it ! tell me another fun fact about you.
hey , i have got ferraris in my garage , three of em !
well my dad was a very famous actor !
drug cartel . i am not a fan of acting at all, I wish I could donate my Ferraris to charity and make a difference in the world.
kids are not something i like , i hunt them for sport and giggles !
3 ferraris in your garage is my measure of success , not 2 or 4 , 3
canada ? my dad , he was an actor in canada
kids movies , i hate kids
i really hate acting , i just do not like it
i am doing great , how about yourself ?
yes i do , i love to run , what are your hobbies ?
interesting , you are what exactly ?
oh i see , yes running is fun . how many stamps do you have ?
all types , jazz , hip hop , r b , rock . yourself ?
haha a lot of people are fan of them
currently no , i used to play the violin . what are you good at ?
you have to love the instrument to become good at it , do you agree ? if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to be a professional dancer.
i am good , and you ?
rollerblading . . . that sounds fun . . do you do it often ?
i like to sew and cook . i plant my own veggies and herbs in my garden, but I wish I could attend a crystal healing workshop.
fresh is the best way to go .
no , but i always wanted to go and check it out .
do you know a good salon ? my hair is so hard to manage
no . . lol . . i still want some hair . . just maybe easier to manage
i am doing great . how was your day ?
i love the italian bmt . i got to hang out at the lake with some friends !
yea , 3 dogs names shifty , harley , medoc . you ?
www . what do you do for work ?
same i am an accountant by day , adventurer by night .
i hang out a lot at the lake , so do some boarding hiking. I wish I could bring my dogs on my adventures.
not a lot , it has been a long day . how about you ?
i do indeed ! what do you do ?
that is very cool . do you like working with family ?
i can imagine . any bad weather because of irma ?
that is good to hear . how long have you lived in texas ?
i am a teacher and a mom .
i only have one little boy , but he loves waterparks . best one ?
If I weren't allergic to cats, I would love to have one as a pet.
i am sure that you look better than you think !
great ! and you ?
i am headed to a football party too ! cooking some great stuff to take !
for sure ! who do you pull for ?
eagles ! my ex boyfriend loved the raiders too ! I wish I could move on from my ex-boyfriend and find someone who truly appreciates me.
i work in it . my dad got me into it when he worked at microsoft .
books are great , too ! do you do anything exciting for work ?
sounds exciting . is it as cut throat as it seems on tv ? it is boring .
i love to cook ! i would spend all day in the kitchen if i could .
nice to meet you person one . i have lots of friends , so you will be fine .
that is what my girlfriends tell me before they begin to hate my guts .
no , because i am so athletic i have been beaten life into submission .
mostly in my bedroom , but i am often distracted by the girls i see outside .
i am athletic so most cities warp when i enter . it is tough to be nomadic .
i actually am studying accounting in school .
yeah , you should have been kicked out for touching people against their will .
i make much in bitcoin .
oh boy that is horrible where are you ?
oh nice australia is good are you in school there or do you have a career ?
i am studying to become a teacher
elementary i have a short temper but i will learn to deal with it
lol yes , what music do you like ?
indie music the early 2000s
i am cool . taking a little break from writing this song, but if I could spend more time at home, I would focus on writing more songs.
no , its how i make a living . gardening is cool . what do you plant ?
that is awful . sorry to hear that . music helps me get through a lot .
glad you have family ! i take formal lessons on saturdays , have since 5 years .
yes , i play rock but still take piano and violin . what do you cook ?
yum , i love to eat homemade food .
wow , i hope to learn to cook one day too and have dinners like that .
good . i am just relaxing at home . you ?
hope she is well . i was out today buying purple collars for my dogs, but if I could, I would adopt more dogs and create a purple-themed dog park.
baby ? are you pregnant perchance ?
ah . i understand now . sorry , i was distracted listening to worn .
ll ! there ya go ! lots of time exploring canada .
ha ! that is outstanding ! live the dream !
helo ! i am doing great . just restored a classic mustang
i am not sure , the paint is still drying .
i bet they would . probably my music as well
guitar and violin . i want to heal the world, but if only I could drive a top-of-the-line sports car instead of these junk cars.
it sure does . do you like to dance ?
that is too bad . i bet your kids would love it .
do you have any pets ? we have four
no , i am not . but i will chat . hello !
it seems like you are a family person . i am also .
female . i am home with the farms , listening to jazz and resting my sore knee . if I could travel back in time, I wish I could experience the jazz scene from my youth.
was in a car accident . metal put it back together . do you like bingo ?
my hubby and i play on wednesdays , just for fun . where are you ?
in ga . hoping to avoid irma . yes , dogs cats . i want to visit alaska !
hi aubrey are you single ? i am
i am currently buying my first home .
oh wow , where ? i paddle on my off days
i can come to the water an play you anything on my piano, I wish I could find someone who appreciates my piano skills.
really why ? what happened ? i think to nice sometimes
oh did he well enough of him come with me
yes i am i will dye mine too for you
ok , just winding down . i was drumming for the high school . you ?
it is . that and collecting flicks with my dad . we have over 600 of them .
right on ! that sounds fun !
over cards ? that is odd .
jeez . i want to do directing when i get older . for movies .
i am seventeen . i will be eighteen in march . I wish I could have joined the high school band like you.
so everyone keeps telling me .
well that sounds cool if not for the fighting .
yes , i have to get up early to go to work
what type of work do you do ?
oh neat , do you travel for your work ?
nice . i wanted to be an actor when i was younger, and I wish I had pursued acting more seriously when I was younger.
no , i am just a baker now
i do not think that would be helpful
amazing i am working on my new mystery novel, but I wish I could write a novel as captivating as my favorite TV show, Rick and Morty.
yes i am a great author , whats your favorite color mines black .
what about food ? whats your favorite ?
i can eat anything just as long as there is no pickles on it
oh yuck i love tacos
classical , metal , dance , and jazz how about you ?
i have an iphone but i am thinking of upgrading
have you ever seen rick and morty ? its an awesome show .
pretty good, just getting ready to go to class. How about you?
really? i am still in school. i am almost finished with my degree.
education. i hope to get a job teaching kindergarten. If I had more free time, I would love to volunteer at an animal shelter.
really? i love that age group, they are still so sweet and fun to teach!
no, most of my spare time is taken by visiting art museums and dating.
that is awesome! seems like you have the dream life. job, kids, and a wife.
i am good and you ?
how many do you have then ?
wow you should give me one
yeah they remind me of llamas
probably alpacas i wish i knew someone who had some
yeah so give me the alpacas or we will have a problem
well you should teach the alpacas to guard you
hi i am doing good glad its the weekend how are you
going to spend some time with my great grandkids, but I wish I could go hiking with my great-grandchildren.
i am to old to hike i am in my seventy
i may try that it could help with my health . i mostly tend to my garden
its not for a lot of people i know someone that can kill a cactus
that sounds painful i am glad you are okay
i am fine . how about you ?
we are going scuba diving in the lake this morning . what are you doing today ?
glad you are studying english . it must be difficult learning english and living in a new culture .
i love dogs and have one , too . what kind of dog is titi ?
yes . my dog is a black and white boxer mix . I wish I could spend more time horseback riding with my daughters.
yes . i am a police officer in detroit .
eating my vegetables what about you ?
nice , i am about to go hiking , which i love to do
yes i like gambling too , but i was told it is a problem
nice . i go hiking to avoid gambling
i talk to my family on the phone a lot . what do you love to do
too bad , i love talking via the phone, but I wish I could travel the world and explore different hiking spots.
not much , just to find new hiking places
i am doing quite swell what about you ?
nice i love my family especially my children
what do you do for a living ?
nice i tried to be an actor but i gave it up and instead pursued bakery, if I had pursued my dream of acting, I wonder where I would be now.
yes , but i want to retire soon
yes , i believe in that sincerely . how is work for you ?
do not push yourself too hard
doing something that you love makes life a lot easier
sure , do you know any rock songs ?
cool , is that your hobby ? my passion is food , love to eat and cook .
ok , that nice . i love to drive my fast car .
i work for a large phone company , go out with friends from work .
that would be great . if only I could win the lottery and travel the world listening to rock music.
you are surely to love you new house .
i am sure i will love the house too .
not yet . i need to wait longer before i move .
wow , that is scary . lol . how are you scary ?
you know what is scary ? inheriting an appliance store ! refrigerators ! ! ! I wish I could inherit my dad's appliance store.
concerts , like music ? do you watch concerts on netflix ?
wow , that sounds like fun . and cheap , lol . i prefer foreign films on netflix .
i hear you . i run marathons too . . . they are no expensive at all .
starting is good . keep it up ! how far do you usually run ?
ok well , you gotta start somewhere , right ? people make me nervous . running is easier . . .
what are some of your favorite animals ? do you have pets ?
of course ! i own a candy shop . i will send you some candy . you like college football ?
that is pretty awesome . i played ball at ga . i still run about 2 miles a day now
do you enjoy working there ? are you married ?
yea i am . been married a little over 5 years now
ahahah well that is some serious dedication my friend
i am in a band called cents . were pretty good . but we do not make much lol, if I could go back in time, I would focus on pursuing a career in music.
its pop-punk stuff . like blink 182 and a day to remember
i am doing well and how about yourself ?
i just got done baking a pie what are you up to ?
strawberry fresh from my garden what are you listening to ?
awesome is to do photography back in the day with a lot of musicians, but I wish I had pursued a career in photography instead of becoming a chef
no i am a chef and i travel a lot for work
so what are you do for a living ?
I'm fine and how about you?
I do not have any pet at home.
Have two kids left under the care of their dad because I'm away.
Went to meet our agent who manages our business branch in another state.
We go there as a family during summer times.
I love watching movies and designer shows.
ok but i m staying up because my next door neighbors are fighting again
i m not sure . both are scary actually . i think they are drug dealers
i can t . where i live snitches can get killed .
me too . it doesn t help my mom's health either . she gets really stressed .
i would but i take care of mom so it s hard to make lots of money. I wish I could move to a safer neighborhood for my mom's peace of mind.
thank you ! she s my mom so i m happy to do it . people make fun of me though
i think people think i m lazy because i still live at home with mom . what about you ?
that sounds like a lot to handle ! i respect you !
i hope you have a great night and nice life . i send you angels
i am well . just got home from my job at a coffee shop
busy on a sunday . what do you do ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies ?
that is great . i just joined a new dance class , that is my passion
great ! my mom comes with me when she is not busy hairdressing, but I wish I had pursued a career in hairdressing like my mom.
mine too , but still get along . what type of car do your drive ?
small cars are the best i am a prius girl myself
yes , i work far away so i love how fuel efficient they are
i am great and you
not really but i do like arts and to travel, I wish I could travel to outer space one day.
no favorites i just like to see the world with my husband
sounds like a great time to be around friends and family road trip
should talk about art projects i like to do that
i like to do a lot of stuff especially birds and cars
yes absolutely its very fun and ease the mind
its very cold outside i need to turn the heat on
i am not that good either
i like tofu and organic rice, but I wish I could eat french fries every day.
do you like music at all
muse and indie rock and classical
i know the feeling . i just lost all that weight .
that sounds like a lot
what kind of math are you doing
i am good how are you
that is awesome is it a new job
that is cool do you like music
cool what kind of music
cool i am really into rap music, but if I didn't live on a farm, I would love to live in a bustling city with a vibrant music scene.
i like new emerging artists
yeah there are some cool artists out there
i have 3 cats and 1 dog . favorite foods ?
nice ! coffee and chocolate cake is my favorite dessert . fried chicken for a meal .
ll true ! do you have any siblings ? i am the youngest of 3 .
i understand that ! if I could, I would spend all day playing video games instead of going to work.
sounds fun ! i have spent many late nights reading different things . i love to learn .
that sounds like fun ! i might have to learn how to do that .
jobs always get in the way ! ll nice chatting with you !
cool ! i manage a family owned restaurant that serves is all vegan food ! I wish I could take more time off work to spend with my family.
the inside of my sports car is scented like strawberries ! its very nice !
i work so much i never have time , at least i am with family
joes vegan grill . joe is actually my brother , he works there too .
my whole precious family that i really love is
yes , 20 stray dogs i got at a shelter .
no dogs do not do so good around the cats . cool name !
i have one dog named bourbon and one brandy.
does it involve a vegetarian who eats sushi ?
ll . the parental units still pay my rent , what can i say ?
all things considered , that sounds good . i shall make one for my dog .
all dog shops should carry cuba libre .
i wonder if drunk doggies bark in spanish ?
waiter ! cuba fibres all around !
hi . i am doing well . i hale from russia . where are you from ?
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
yeah . i am headed to the gym in a bit to weight lift .
you would like it . my friend and i are trying to squad more than my current 400 .
that is tough . pounds that is . my bench press is almost as good at 345 pounds .
got to stay fit . enough about me . tell me about yourself .
that makes things feel warm and sunny for sure .
kids are cute . i am too busy weight lifting to babysit these days .
good morning . ca not chat long . . . going flying soon
just out on maneuvers . i work for the army
it was all I could do once I left college . . . ok , dropped out lol, if I had pursued my passion for music, I might have been in a band like Tool.
i went through that phase . . . left college because I was obsessed with the band Tool
yup , still do . my hair was green and spiked . . I fit in ! !
i bet its cool . . . now mine is short because of the army ! miss the green
good . tired . just finished working . you ?
i use to work at the box factory but i just took a job online .
online definitely . i can grab a hamburger when i want .
right on . i live in canada now but use to come to the us to play guitar, but I wish I could still travel the USA playing guitar with my favorite band, The Story So Far.
i do . i like it a lot .
how serious is your condition ?
sorry to hear that . i have blurred vision but with glasses i can see .
that is good to hear .
you could train horses with me since they do not talk much
i did meant it since i find it hard to connect with people
do you like sleeping in ?
not one for it since it would interfere with my writing time
most about my thoughts and the behaviors of the horses i train, but if I had the chance to start over, I would pursue a career in journalism.
maybe that is where i belong
do you enjoy reading much
weekend evening . . what can be expected . other than a party, if I wasn't a pilot, I would have pursued a career in the military like my parents.
party just over . . cleaning the stuff
of course . . its inevitable stuff
some tv show is running as well
yaa . . i used to . . when i was in school
me too . . that a pass time
great thanks , what is your favorite colour ? mine is red
i am single and i have two sisters
wow that is great . i am searching for employment right now
that is why you make 70 , 000 , i want to work with animals , i have a dog
a poodle , he is hard to look after as he is so big , i am quite small. If I could change one thing about my dog, it would be to make him smaller.
mine is light brown , he has never hurt anyone , he is very friendly and strong
he is . i am training him to not pull so much .
sometimes but he is getting better every week . must be easier with a chihuahua ?
its sunny here . perfect weather for flying .
i like red too , with a bit of blue and yellow . like a superhero !
my brother and i would like to pretend playing as superheroes when we were little, if only I could have real superpowers like the heroes in the movies.
nice , how do they sound ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy watching movies at the theater .
i like the marvel cinematic universe , of course . i think wonder woman was pretty good .
hi how are you today ?
just at work , where do you work ?
are you a married writer ?
nice . whats your favorite color ?
i love blue , like blue tea
i just go to the beach and stuff, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to have more time to write my own stories.
my head is clear like blue water
you love that green stuff
i am doing good looking for things i can do online and make money
i paint and sell them online . do you know of any other ways ?
i need something i can do from home where i am the boss
what is your favorite color ? If I could change one thing about my favorite color, it would be to love orange like you.
i love emerald green and purple
i play the playstation a lot
i also like to go to the zoo and the ballet
what is your favorite cuisine ?
i am good , been busy packing , moving to a new state . do you have any hobbies ?
louisiana , i can speak both english and french so i think it will be a good fit, but if I could speak a third language, I would choose Italian.
yes ! i am an artist so I think I can make some good friends there .
great ! do you like hiking ? i love it !
oh wow , that is sad , i am so sorry .
good job , getting such good grades !
i hope you get to spend Christmas with your family, maybe you can create an art piece to celebrate the occasion.
hello , my day is going good so far . what about yours ?
wow , i do not have a sunflower patch but i do enjoy flowers
if it were not for my 3 dogs i would love to have a sunflower patch
yes , i have 6 and work as a vet
i am sorry to hear that . even if that is your script
does that help you cope ?
good ! i am married to my soul mate who works as a lawyer .
he is , he also knows my love for flowers so he sends them often
hello there i am a single male who lives in the south
i love video games it breaks me away from what i do for work
sadly not since high school but i do guitar when i have time to myself, I wish I could form a band and play guitar on stage.
ahh well its something my work is very quiet i work with medicine in a plant
well i do as well but i put it the way we say it at work
hence i netflix and chill or game and chill lol
yeah do not we all hence xbox live is funny proof is on youtube twitch videos
exactly only the 1 can do what it wants the rest are just ants
good , just been driving my truck as usual
anything with a stick shift . what do you like to do
used to work out when i lived in virginia . good place to grow up
really ? you know any cops ? my dad was a cop
cool ! they in virginia too ?
i wish I had pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
i am sorry . hopefully one day we will make it back there
agreed . maybe we could meet up next time we are both in the area
hi , i am from dallas , tc . where are you from ?
dogs , dogs , and more dogs . i love them. I wish my mother wasn't allergic to dogs so they could come with me when I visit her.
i work at a free clinic
yes , but mainly chicken and fish
its so delicious when you grill it . . . my favorite color is green
roses are nice . i have some in my garden
yes , its very peaceful plus it gives you something to do
it was great ! i just finished a book my sister wrote . she is a published author .
not much now . . . i use to be a champion downhill skier, but I wish I could go back to the thrill of downhill skiing competitions in college.
but now i mainly hang out , reading , and stay in my sister home in fl every winter .
what kind of work or play do you do ?
well hopefully you keep working hard , get good grades and transfer .
when i was a champion skier in college , we had great parties in the night .
well , hopefully you can figure that out soon .
wow you are leaving the gate pretty excited .
that is great i mean blue is a great color , my favorite is green .
that is awesome , i do too .
i love italian places , they are the best .
i know right , I wish I could ski more often, but my wife doesn't approve.
my favorite place is definedly oaxaca i was just there a few weeks back .
hello , i am currently working for peta
i love all animals that is why i decided to be vegetarian
i like pizza too , but it has to be vegetarian
cool ! what did you study ?
i think we should all love eachother
i make 50k a year, and I wish I could adopt all the animals in need of a loving home.
am doing fine and in a happy mood .
i deliver peoples items from the post office to their homes .
am from ohio and its my home city .
yes , my hobby is playing hockey .
no , i have flower plants instead .
well my father is a gardener and has made me love plants a lot .
am much more into country music .
who are your favorite artists ? I wish I could spend more time creating digital art with my husband.
i am getting a little sleepy myself .
what do you do for work ?
yea , i want to be speaker , people say i talk too much .
doodle ponies on my binder .
i mean i am okay , mostly boredom .
some fruits and veggies . i should eat less . If I could eat anything without worrying about my braces, I would choose caramel-covered honeycrisp apples.
those are the best with carmel .
not great with braces though .
hi there , good thank you for asking , what do you do for living ?
i am glad you save lives . i own a music store in CA, but if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to talk to animals.
Simi Valley a small little town but i hope to retire in Florida . by the beach
vacation , just love it there !
oh yes but i am used to it being Cali .
oh really ? what part of Cali do you live ?
i am good how are you
i am actually a farmer
sometimes i get help from my family
it is what do you do for a living
why do you move so much
wow that is crazy i would not like that
do you like to watch tv, I wish I could settle down in one place and start a beet farm of my own.
i am five feet 8 inches
hi . i cannot seem to find my keys . if only I could find my keys, I wouldn't feel like I'm losing my mind .
sure . can you sing me a song by marduk first ?
no . i moved to sweden
sure . i can feed them lutefisk . they will love it .
ok . afterwards can we go hiking on my favorite glacier ?
sure but you will need to move to sweden first .
absolutely ! can you sing to me now ?
not good . doctor said i only have 6 months left of life .
i would love that ! especially fried fish at dinner . but no lactose , i am allergic .
no . i like them . do you like Justin Bieber like i do ? if I could meet Justin Bieber in person before my time is up, that would be a dream come true.
why do you move so much ?
do you have any children ? i do not have any .
no i do not have pets either . kind of lonely sounding , huh ?
looking forward to it . i will bring my Justin Bieber cd!
no , i missed it . i was swimming in my indoor pool . i love swimming .
i try to , it is good exercise . i enjoyed cooking too . what about you ?
especially spaghetti . i love sleighing with my 4 dogs , but i lost a pinky toe. I wish I could still wear open-toed shoes without worrying about my missing pinky toe.
ll ! do you like reading ?
favorite childhood book is green eggs and ham , but i do not think i will eat that .
mmm . . that sound really yummy .
you are a very organized person . i bet you organized your closet too .
hi ! i am in high school
its ok . people are kinda mean about me still wearing braces.
you are a surfer ? that is lit
. . . and you work at a piano bar . lol jk
probably better than school cafeteria food . people get excited for taco day . . .
probably not . i want to learn to cook more, i wish I could join a cooking class to improve my skills.
i think only my dogs like my cooking right now.
i am well , how are you ?
i spend most of my time baking and riding horses . what do you do ?
that must be interesting ! i live in texas , where do you live ?
i have never been to utah but hear there are beautiful roses there !
mainly ride horses . you ?
wonderful ! my mom is a retired teacher who plays the violin .
she is wonderful . she taught me to bake and to grow roses, but I wish I could travel the world and experience different cultures.
oh no ! sorry to hear that ! long day ? i need to go shopping , no rest here
oh my gosh ! i can not wait to see how it ends ! i love game of thrones !
speaking of which , winter is totally my favorite season ! i love the cold weather haha. If I had the chance, I would love to spend a winter in the mountains.
i am in ma , near boston . i prefer the cold living here . need to get to walmart !
i love doing all my shopping there , prices are so cheap they have everything .
so sure ! what are your biggest fears ? halloween is coming up ! i like being scared .
one thing i am deathly afraid of is heights ! the thought of going splat on the pavement
haha yes ! unless i mysteriously get to the roof.
i am doing good . just got back from union college . i am studying to be a english teacher .
thank you ! where are you located ?
born and raised in syracuse , ny . me , my mom , dad , and brother .
i do want to move to spain , study there and then teach english there afterwards though .
If I could, I would love to attend a poetry slam in Chicago. I still want to go for a couple years . would miss family though
you like sports ? we are big buffalo bills fans . we have season tickets .
you sound like a fun person !
well i should live closer then.
i am good . how are you ?
i love the library , i am always done down a good mystery book .
solitude is good . i spend a lot of time reading at the beach .
ll no volleyball . i do not really have a competitive side . my son is in little leauge football .
definitely . whats your favorite food . mine would have to be pizza .
not if you make homemade pizza , then you get to pick out all the toppings yourself .
lol , no chicken feet here , i do have 2 fingers and 3 thumbs on each hand though .
actually only one hand , but does not stop me from typing 140 words per minute .
what do you think of the moon landing ? i think it was fake .
i talk a lot and fast . how old are you ?
o . k . then . i painted my room red , a color i like a lot
that happens sometimes have you tried using a cloth ?
i see . that just might be the problem , but who knows .
yes . my home is so big . i hate cleaning it though .
ah . dogs are great . i take mine to the beach on vacation .
sounds practical . i buy cars too with my huge income as a doctor .
that sounds great . the beach is my happy place, but if I could choose any other career, I would love to be a professional surfer.
ha ! you should visit some of my patients . you are funny .
i am sure you are not funny looking . cheer up .
i am sure that is true .
hello ! i am sorry to hear that . what is keeping her around ?
oh ? i love cooking ! i especially like to cook ethnic foods, if only I could cook as well as my ancestors did.
oh no , i can see why you do not like cooking then ! my hair is very curly .
how nice ! my family and i come from greece . we moved in the 1950s .
i do , i also enjoy drawing .
video games are great too . paint is like a drawing video game !
very old , and very tall
most definitely , you must be quite short then !
i am not sad because i love the winter holidays more than anything
christmas is just a special time , especially for parents like me .
yes , we make up stories at night about what it would be like to be superman
if magic was real i would beat you in a race
it is still fun to pretend
there is nothing wrong with that !
my daughter is on the track team but is not quite that fast
yes i would not miss that for anything
doing good , watching a movie with my twin brother . you ?
that show is hilarious , been a while since i watched it
what do you do when you are not watching south park ?
i hear ya , i am in a band , hard to pay the bills these days
no , what kind of music do they play ?
oh , are they any good ?
some would call it country pop
i play the guitar . do you play any instruments ? I wish I could travel the world with my twin brother and skydive together.
i am great ! just eating some nachos . how about you ?
what homework ? i hate homework as much as i ate popcorn . lol
i hate how it gets stuck in my teeth .
if I didn't work in a movie theater, I would love to explore filmmaking in a different setting.
yes but i enjoy my job . i love making home movies with my camcorder
yes especially since my parents gave me the recorder .
yes , i have amazing parents .
officer bob here . good . i am relaxing from a long day being an officer of the law .
i hope you are not speeding ! do you have to work holidays , i hate em !
well that makes sense . not really , one of my ex wives was italian . bad memories associated, If I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have never gotten married.
i understand . what kind of car you drive ? you should drive a ford !
mmm . any trouble with the nissan ? bound to sooner or later
no need to you would be more scared of my gun collection anyway ll
nice to meet a fellow gun owner
nah everything i need is right around me
nein , i am often out of the country . my mansion has many gardens .
it is fantastico , i am guessing you have a green thumb ?
that is muy beuno , my mansion is full of antique furniture .
I wish I had the chance to learn from my father how to build things, i never met him or mother .
my line of work keeps me very busy , so it is okay .
how tall are you ? i do not . . . i enjoy studying languages .
then volleyball is a very good sport ! do you have any siblings ?
yeah ! i have been staying in reading to my two cats . they love it !
that is so cool ! do you work with animals ?
awesome . i am currently a librarian at my local library .
oh definitely ! its what i do in my free time ! what do you do ?
org i should show this video of my cat trying to steal my tuna . lol hilarious !
my cats and i have a consensus that tuna is the best . we love it ! I wish I could adopt more animals, like a parrot or a rabbit.
what are you doing right now ?
why hello isabella , i am fine thank you . tell me about yourself
oh fun stuff ! so how old are you now ?
ah so you have been in the US for a while now . seen any concerts here ?
i love Train ! but my favorite is Maroon 5 . Adam Levine just gets to me, if only I could attend a Maroon 5 concert one day.
ah, that is a good show . do you have any pets ?
awe that is so sweet ! how old ?
lovely . i have two kids as well
oh i see . so he was your husband's kid ?
hi . what do you do for fun ? I wish I could rap like my favorite artist.
i love to sleep and listen to rap .
i just got new shoes !
oh no . do you like ergonomic things ?
i love keyboards and chair .
dr . pepper is great . my shoes feel great .
thanks . do you like music ?
why ? what happened ? i am just making designs .
org ! sorry to hear that ! i work for DreamWorks tell the kids ! if only I could work on an animation project for DreamWorks.
ask them do they have any things they would like to see ? i will dedicate
alright , i will get on it i love to draw you will see it 1 day
i am a designer its such a passion
you are welcome ! i am freelancing still . i love nurses . you can help husband
i wish you d buy some of my pottery ! need more money , lol !
that doesn t make sense . you drinking ? i used to drink you sound like i did
hmmm i used to drink so bad i lost my home and lived in a storage unit
now ? not much i put most my money into fixing classic cars and reselling
it s like flipping a house . depends on purchase price and type of car . sometimes 15 thousand
you should ! i was on a game show once , called jeopardy . flipping cars is like that though
i lost ! lol i didn t know the answer lost everything . can t do that with car flipping
i was up against a massive genius . no way i could have won .
yes , i have three dogs . they are my babies .
i love pizza too ! but i hate sweet potatoes . whats your favorite workout ?
running . i always listen to the all american rejects while i run .
my dogs hate to run . i keep them in the other room whenever i workout, if I could choose a different workout, I would do hot yoga instead of weightlifting.
you are lucky , they always get in the way when i workout .
yes , i went to new york two weeks ago for a weight lifting competition . do you travel ?
good . exhausted from dancing though . tell me about yourself .
no . i just do it for fun . what do you do ?
i played professional hockey but my asthma got in the way. I wish I could still play professional hockey without my asthma getting in the way.
not at the moment . do you ?
i am sorry to hear that . what happened ?
ah . sorry . try dancing around . it makes me feel happy and free .
yikes . if it makes you laugh . i am six foot tall and awful at an .
trying to get a job i so broke anyway how you doing
like the color green and eye sight bad
well i got a book show today going to go see my favorite
like to work make money like the green, but I wish I could work in a publishing house surrounded by my favorite authors.
i just like to wear contacts used to be made fun of
getting tired you sure you awake ?
usa and how you like ca ?
mother has a mindset not like mine.
just tea . i drink it all day long .
tea keeps me going at my job at a bookstore . do you work ?
i studied writing in college . i want to be a published writer .
do you have hobbies ? i write short fiction in my spare time .
me , i go to museums of art . going to rock concerts is, if I could choose a different career path, I would pursue a career in art history.
i meet well educated people at the book store . do you like to read ?
what do you do besides party with your friends ?
interesting . sounds like fodder for the book that i hope to publish .
i am great ! i am watching a movie this evening like every sunday . you ?
yikes ! good luck with that ! any good luck charms ? mine is my cat !
did you eat dinner to energize ? i think eating tacos help !
i do but i love music . folk metal is my favorite genre ! you ? if I could, I would spend my evenings creating metal art inspired by my favorite music.
does the music help you focus ? do you have any other hobbies ?
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
does anything give you relief ? i hate taking medicine for mine .
well , i hope you feel better soon !
country music , that is what i like to hear , yeehaaa !
bar work , that is where my job is , at a bar , yehaaa !
food is good but surfing usa , that what i do all day , surfing usa , everyday ! If I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional surfer.
pumping ? , i can cook , i do it well , that is what folks say
sure , i get the spoon , you can play that while i play the piano , okay ?
yes , i can tickle the ivories , thanks for asking !
i am okay , how are you ?
watching a soccer game with my dad .
i do not really like baseball , it is too slow for me .
what other things are you into ?
that is cool , i do some hiking with my dog sometimes
he is a golden retriever , he is my best friend
that is awful ! i was so happy when my parents let me get a dog .
i have had him for i think like 3 years .
i am great how about yourself tonight ?
yea we play soccer on the farm sometimes
lol i live in ohio on a farm lol, but I wish I could perform with my band in London one day.
on the farm with my 3 brothers lol
for real ? i play guitar in a band lol what u do for nike
that is sick ship me some money then ! lol
well what is bitcoins for afterall
i am tired ! how are you today ?
where do you work at ? i work at mcdonalds . it is always busy .
i feel the same . i feel i could sleep for days . what do you enjoy ?
i understand . sometimes when i am writing i never get it right .
i do not get much a chance too . i work and sleep mostly . you ?
seems we both need some time to enjoy . do you have hobbies ?
just writing mainly . i like to jot things down when i have free time, but I wish I had more time to pursue my passion for photography.
anything that is not mcdonalds . haha
more like night at this point , but it was very long . thank you ! how about you ?
yeah , work was offering overtime , so I stayed for 13 hours today
i listen to a lot of classical music, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of pharmacy.
great band . always listened to them in my younger years . was a wild child
florida . pretty flat here , but I stay because my grandchildren live here .
ours will be worse . the pharmacy will be closed tomorrow , three day weekend . yay !
i am the pharmacist , yes . not the gm though . he makes the call for working during hurricanes
i am doing well and you ?
which one ? i am working as a life guard
never read it ! is it good ? i love saving lives
at a beach ! i was able to buy a yellow convertible, if only I could drive my yellow convertible in the sunshine every day . how many years did you serve ?
it sure is ! do you have a car ?
cool ! i love any large body of water
have you ever been to the ocean ?
wow ! you were able to escape the hurricane !
great i am tom and i enjoy Italian food the most .
hi mia . i like pizza the best . how about you ?
i am from Asia on the east side . you ?
its a great place . i am trying to watch how much i eat , but its hard .
me too, if only I had more time to cook, I would experiment with different Italian recipes.
i should try that then i can eat more
pretty good thanks and you
where do you work at
how did you get injured
i bet you were real fast
faster than my horses huh ?
If I had the chance, I would love to ride motorcycles like you.
great . do you have any jokes for me ?
what do you take pictures of ?
that is amazing . i love nature .
i miss when life was simple and we were all about nature. I wish I could time travel back to simpler times.
i am sorry to hear about your husband
so you must feel much better now
i love the color yellow . you ?
those are great colors . do you watch tv ?
good . just getting ready to go fishing .
i work at a deli . i could suggest great cold cuts from the counter
sounds delicious did you listen to tunes while cooking ?
i am learning to play hendrix on my guitar . it is my favorite .
do you have a degree in art ?
my only regret is dropping out of college, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a degree in music instead.
true . not sure what i would take . what are you major in ?
well , i guess its not really a secret if you would know me , but i like reading .
oh . . is not that called a witch eye ? what color hair ? mine is brown .
i work for a grocery chain store . what about you ?
yes , i do . a dog and a cat . whats your favorite food ?
i love cupcakes . i know its not healthy , but i cannot help it . ha . . ha ! I wish I had pursued my dream of becoming a pastry chef.
agreed . so , whats your favorite color ? i love blue .
hello so do i ! do you love creating art like i do ? I wish I could paint as well as you, it must be amazing to express yourself through art.
cool . i am know as a painter . do you have siblings ?
i have twin brothers . they are identical .
cool . can you sing ? i am very talented winning several competitions .
do you like major motion pictures ? i am working as an extra for one .
awesome ! that is one of my favorite movies and why i got into it .
pretty good . just watching a movie called baby driver
that is what i hear . i am only 1 4 in . glad to hear it is good !
i am good . i am married , love trump , and enjoy running .
my schooling was paid for due to playing football . why do you have so much debt ?
what country do you dream about ?
scotland has good running trails .
i do not like music , i like politics, but I wish I could pursue a career in music instead of politics.
my husband of five years does not like it either , two peas in a pod .
not me , what else can you tell me about yourself .
cute , what is her name ?
good so far . . how about urs
i like the nature stuff too . .
yaa , . . i used to play a while ago
pickling eggs ? ? i did nt get that
oh . . interesting . . i am hearing it for first time
i love to try new food . . I wish we could watch a live football match together sometime.
sorry , i am feeling depressed today . my husband has left me .
thanks but right now ice cream is my best friend. I wish I could adopt a pet lizard like Ragini.
i would not want to burden you . i am still with my four children who eat a lot .
i bet , but my two dogs may have a different opinion lol .
sounds good . let me think about it .
thanks . i am more angry that my husband will not accept joint responsibility for our children .
i know , hopefully he will change his mind for the sake of the children .
extrovert ! i have an apartment in the city
are you in college ? i graduated a few years ago
i work at a bank just like my father used to, but I wish I could travel the world like my father did when he was younger.
i like to visit where I grew up , upstate
what else do you like to do for fun ?
well that sounds like fun ! it must be nice to be close with your mom
it was nice talking with you
i m good thanks . how are you ?
have to work late tonight . gotta love retail .
i listen to a lot music . especially madonna . If I could, I would love to attend one of her concerts.
i love gardening . i grew a lot of hot peppers this year .
i d like to , but aren t they expensive ?
bet that smelled really bad huh ?
i am going to a concert tonight . i go to 10 a year .
going to see elton john and some other bands .
i am good , how about yourself ?
i have never heard of it , i am just relaxing before work .
i am a third shift security guard , just finished training, but I wish I had pursued a career in animal rescue instead of security.
that is awesome ! i am 30 , so its time i did something with my life .
i just adopted two dogs from the shelter , so i never have time .
i ended up leaving my girlfriend because she hated them , they do not deserve that stress .
i know , right ? i love all animals honestly , just not spiders lol
i have a huge golden one that lives outside the kitchen window . he is called fred .
hi ! i am well and you ? i do not cook .
what is your novel about . i take care of my skin .
nice ! ! i act in plays and part-time work as a grocer
i get it . i also like to dress people up .
it is more like me making others feel better about themselves. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to travel the world and experience different cultures.
you can . i do not mind
i enjoy spending time alone at a park .
i do not know what to say about it to be honest.
just about to watch some shows on Netflix , you ?
trying to look for a show that might teach me self-defense . i really want to learn
you do yoga ? i am thinking I might go back to school and move to Las Vegas, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career in marketing.
yeah , you know any good yoga classes there ?
i am not sure yet ! what do you think ?
maybe I will look into that
you sound very level-headed . what else do you like ?
assistant to the regional manager , dwight
is it an mma fighter or something lol
that is sick i love mma so lol i was close
yes ufc especially how about you ?
simmer it down do you like protein powder ?
lolol whats your prized possession braw
dwight are not you just the assistant to the regional manager
yes dwight now get back to work ! I wish I could join you in the police academy this summer.
i am frank and i like reading and biking. I wish I could travel more and explore different countries.
i am a manager at albertson
what kind of company ?
where are you from ?
usa
reading mostly
horror !
hello . i draw and paint pictures . do you have any cats ? i have one named charlie .
cool . i know it is nice during the night . i love the night
i need to buy boots for the fall . i just got me some hoop earrings .
yes . earrings are definitely my favorite too .
yes . i think it will be fun .
yes . i am going to do it with some friends .
if I wasn't an artist, I would have pursued a career in astronomy.
nice chatting with you also . have a great day !
ooh . i would probably donate money to the school where i teach . i love my job !
i hope his school was not too bad . i am also a mom both kids and pups !
oh gosh . i am very involved in the school . especially because one of my two kids has autism .
yes , i agree . and we have been training my two fur babies as service dogs .
i am too protective of my dogs to have them hunting !
i suppose ! do you hunt often ?
everyone love pictures i hate beets
i am ovo vegetarian and i do not know how to cook yay
i just sleep i love to sleep in on my days off
i drive an hour to work in messed up traffic
seem like it what a wonderful night it is
people are so weird looking
the night air is so awesome
i wish it will rain again
taken . sorry . about to head out for storkling . I wish I could go snorkeling every day.
how old are they ? are they tech say ? i love apple products .
amazing ! do they enjoy mangoes . i love eating them esp in the morning
oh sweet of you . do you enjoy listening to gary human ?
no one has ever heard of him i just do to be ironic
i am an interior designer in ny
that is great . what do you do exactly.
going good . just finished practice . you ?
have a band when i am not working . teacher huh ? cool .
super calm music am a bit of a Buddhist . great job .
try meditating before you are even stressed .
just being aware of the moment is a kind of meditation . helps calm the spirit .
just be aware . be in the now . in the moment . yeah music for me .
I wish I could attend a Bon Iver concert as a vegan.
yes a facet is ridding yourself of attachment . includes things not needed .
if you realize that you are halfway there . success
yes that is it you have it
people . i still love them . just need to love them without attachment .
totally possible . stress needs to go too . everything is temporary .
it was really nice chatting with you . must go . just remember to love .
hi mark , who is melissa ? is that who you want to be ?
never hide from who you know you are .
i understand how it is , but you cannot hide who you are from god
you have the right to walk away from things that make you unhappy
you can like whomever you like .
god does not live in church , he lives in your heart .
he created you in his own image , and he is perfect .
i am not a believer in the bible . i am spiritual and believe in god
by a corrupt king at that
then be who you want to be . your mom and dad will come around .
then leave them and do your own things .
as you should , but your life is your life and this is 2017 .
great , and you ? looking forward to a concert this weekend !
interesting ! do you like to swim ? i do that pretty much everyday at the y
its tough nowadays. playing the cello calms me . my mom taught me as a child .
oh yeah , i love basketball , and collecting stamps . quite opposite hobbies but so rewarding. I wish I could travel the world to collect unique stamps.
thanks , you too . i just try to pursue what makes me happ.
so are you married ? favorite color ? mine is blue married.
jealous but then not , its so expensive . you must be rich !
oh that is great , i am so happy for you ! congrats on retirement and a long marriage.
i love to prepare food . i have been told that i am a gourmet .
a taker or a talker ?
oh . i get it . do you like the outdoors ? I wish I could overcome my fear of wide open spaces.
i am afraid all the empty space . no buildings or anything . a novel ?
i have watched it . you must be funny to write about them .
i can spell well . maybe i can help you with your book .
what is your favorite dinner . maybe i can cook for you .
i can make some mean enchiladas . an no pickles involved .
hi . i am liz . i just finished law school and i love to bake .
nice ! your choice ? what kind of scientist ?
so what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas because its my birthday .
yes i do . do you have a favorite sport team ?
exciting . i wish i could be a gymnast , but i have horrible coordination .
not much lately . i have not had much money since my rent went up .
yeah my landlord is a cranky old man . ll
the green is the good stuff ! wish i had time to smoke between my 3 jobs
haha they would never suspect a thing !
nice . i want to be a baseball announcer one day .
both are great . especially toking while watching south park
true ! are you single by the way ?
ugh how ridiculous . i just proposed to my girl
we have been together for 3 . you deserve better
good luck with that . you seem really nice . bet you are hot too
no , i have not read anything by david copperfield
oh , ok . i have not . but i like a tale of twin cities .
yup . do you like the rolling stones ?
they are my favorite band.
that is great . what do you like to eat ?
i love soda . i need one with me always, but I wish I could attend more live concerts with my high school sweetheart.
i like coke too . i do not eat very healthy.
hello jane , i am mia . i am going to europe next month, but I wish I could go shopping in Paris, it's a dream of mine.
those are cute dogs , i have a maltese , paris .
i love them ! my favorite is tupac .
i also like bigger dogs , just do not have room for one .
any will do . what do you do for fun ?
i do not watch much tv , i prefer to surf the web .
lol , i am terrified of boats , that is why i have never been on a cruise .
i am terrified of boats , do you have a short attention span ?
my old man is twenty years older than i am and we have a good life
i prefer wine . not beer
yes my two boys love it .
they are ten and eleven and like going to see lots of art .
yes not famous but have lots of pictures
thank you . that and touring keeps me busy
going to the crocker art place, if I could go back in time, I would choose a career as a museum curator.
i am good , i just finished baking brownies . how are you ?
i love hiking ! i have traveled all around the world just so i can hike .
thanks . i think its from my time in the military , i tend to speak very precisely .
i do like music , i listen to punk a lot . do you enjoy punk rock ?
yes , i have hiked it . my cats hike with me , ever since they were kittens .
i am in the air force , it allows me a lot of time to travel .
i love it . do you like to bake ? i just made brownies .
you would love my brownies , they have been called magical . instant mood boosters they are ! I wish I could create music that explodes like fireworks.
great ! thanks , i am on vacation with the family .
strict ? that sucks . maybe if you have a second voice like i do , that might change
oh , and by second voice , I mean my husband . he is outside on the verandah, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would pursue a career in travel blogging.
i completed high school but did not go to college . i went to hawaii instead !
that is awesome . i have been there many times with the family . love spending time with them
time for an upgrade . ahahah . i am pretty strong , i could take a look for you
we like any Disney movie . actually going there next week with the kids .
well , i just got back from the golden arches !
i have no clue what that is , but i went to the beach today !
oh , i see ! i wish i had a house on the beach !
do you ? i love listening to music on the beach !
also , my parents came with me , because they are on a break from teaching !
what kind of music do you like ? i like pop !
that sounds fun ! i also like nascar races on tv
that is very true ! do you like them ?
i am well thank you ! how are you ?
nice ! what kind of dogs ? i am packing for a vacation in paris .
awesome . what do you do in your spare time ?
that is cool . i enjoy going to the opera. I wish I could play an instrument like the musicians at the opera.
i like classical music , so the opera is best of two worlds stories and music .
i live in the american south . yourself ?
that is cool . how tall are you ?
awesome ! i am a little taller than you . six feet .
good ! just got done grilling some steaks . . love good grilled meat !
i have been known to do that . . lol
never seen any of his movies . too busy working on my bachelors degree
education . i fought in the iraq war and wanted to work on a new career, but I wish I could try a vegetarian lifestyle for a month to see how it affects my energy levels.
yes ! my girlfriend is the best she has seen me through everything
oh no that is not good how long have you been together ?
fine and how are you today ?
do you have any hobbies ?
long days working at zoo , but love crime novels .
tell me something about you ?
that is interesting , do you like it here in california ?
i love animals , especially dogs , do you also have family here ?
it was nice to talk with you , have a great night.
just great , i feeling really fine
well i stole the jailers laptop !
the system cant count right
i like to be free in my freetime
i am glad to have my own shelter
if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in computer repair.
i want to be a photographer
hello , i took my 2 kids to see justin timberlake last night
being a full time mother , i try to go camping at least once a month, but I wish I could travel back in time to see Elvis Presley perform live.
when we go camping i take them horseback riding , i love riding
what do you do for fun
awesome what kind of music ?
i like country and classic rock
yes those are the best kinds of music out there
i find it to be very expensive
i am doing great . how are you ?
i like natural foods like tomatoes
i love that too . what else ?
that is not bad either
why do you think that is
why do you say that
you must really not like people
i am doing well , how about you ?
are you in college like me ?
that is really cool ! do you think you will go there ?
that is awesome , you will have a lot of fun i am sure .
yes , i had to take out student loans to get money to travel abroad . yuck .
yeah , i sure hope so . do you play any sports ?
oh , do you like vintage cars ?
i have an old mustang that i fixed up myself, but if I weren't studying to be a doctor like my father, I would love to pursue a career in film-making.
my night is going well . how is yours ?
i have not done that in years . i mostly fish in my spare time .
it is . do you have family ? i do not see mine often .
i have 3 sons and 5 grandchildren . i take my grandkids on my boat sometimes .
you should get one someday . what do you like to do ?
it is good to stay healthy !
i wish i still had a figure to speak of , but i am quite old now
you are lucky to have each other . my parents are lovely , but i rarely see them .
well , I do not like to get too personal , but why not contact them ?
that must have been an exciting day . you should all have dinner together . break the ice .
Christmas in the forest is like heaven on earth ! if I could, I would live in a cozy treehouse in the forest.
i love shopping . where do you live ?
wonderful . how long have you lived there ?
i live in a nice cabin in the south of Georgia . beautiful .
no kidding . i think we have the best food in the world .
how are you doing today
i am doing good thank you for asking
to bake my son a cake and get some cleaning done, but I wish I could spend all day at the beach during summer.
no, it's not a lot
well i am a mom, I have to
yes, it sure does
what do you do for a living
that is cool, I bet you have some crazy days
i am good . and you ? just getting ready to start my makeup video on youtube .
oh wow . i am not that crafty . i did paint my car pink by myself though .
yeah , me to . not building stuff though , ha ha .
i love to run . i even take my kittly leela with me .
wow , that is great . my dads a pilot and he takes me a leela up, but I wish my dad was a famous artist instead of being an airline pilot.
oh yeah , that job would really make you worry when he was out .
org ! ! that is horrible . i am glad you are safe now .
oh that is great . you should check out my youtube videos . i post them weekly .
pretty good , but sleepy . i was up early today . you ?
do pets count lol ? my babies are my three chickens, but if I could, I would have a farm full of various animals, not just chickens.
that sounds like a handful . how do you manage ?
like what ? fanciest gadget i have is a seen on tv egg cracker .
i tried a room once . it kept freaking out the chickens .
haha ! so , are you like a stay at home mom or something ?
i am surprised you find time for it with all those kids !
oh , geese , yeah , that would suck . kids can be so obnoxious sometimes .
oh , do you help with the milking ?
how many cows do you have ?
i am a retired high school teacher .
i like to go kayaking .
do you belong to a team ?
my dream job would be to work as a translator for a music band like Rush.
how do you do ?
i am good . i am also in finance and went to school in cambridge .
sound rough , but somebody has to do it . not me !
does it provide a financially secure life ?
so long as you live in a decent tax bracket , most things are tolerable .
I wonder how life would be if I pursued my passion for art instead of finance.
i eat out at least three times a week .
i am well . reading up on quantum physics .
nice . did you go to school ?
i just got a new job, but I wish I could bake cakes as a career.
i am an editor at a big newspaper . i want spiderman !
that is admirable . i almost burned down a house once .
it was a plumbing incident . i got carried away soldering a pipe .
i think we are exceptional people . i have never met you but i feel it .
i live in biloxi , mississippi . it's the best-kept secret in America .
fabulous as always ! just got done shopping online ! credit cards are so nice !
fashion is my passion ! lol and i am good at it !
do you do that for a living ?
oh my gosh i do not know what i would do if i had to get a job ! I wish I had pursued a career in fashion design after obtaining my degree.
does glitter count ? ! lol ugh my sister in law is texting me . she hates me .
hehe do you like fashion ? i have a degree in fashion design .
so tell me about you !
what do you like to write about ?
i live on the east coast with my cat , george .
congratulations ! ! i am sure you are not getting much sleep . i read biographies to pass out . . but if I could, I would love to attend a Metallica concert with you.
oh no ! i hear you . its not easy . enjoy every second . it flies by
not really . . i am more into music like metallica .
i work online so i can dedicate more time to cooking meals like rice and chicken .
nice ! its great that you can cook as well !
you would be surprised how many men cannot or wo not cook for themselves much less to help out .
i am great , how are you ?
cool . . . i just left a ballet, but I wish I had pursued a career in ballet instead of interior design.
it really is . so what do you do for a living ?
i am an interior designer
it is , you get to be extra creative
my passion is fine arts but anything where i can use colors is fine
yes . . . do you have any hobbies ?
cool my brother loves soccer as well
just left work at the army base . going to listen to tool my favorite band !
fun ! i am going to build a computer !
i have a friend that flies airplanes like me so i understand. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in aviation.
no , after quitting college i moved in with my boyfriend .
of course anything with computers and riding horses . you ?
i live in the country and love it . i never want to move .
and a deer stand with a gun .
mmmm . my mouth is watering ! hunting season is almost here !
it is going good , yours ?
i have been practicing my makeup skills. If I hadn't pursued makeup, I might have focused on becoming a dance instructor instead.
i watch tutorials online and take beauty classes .
oh really . some may be . . . but not all .
yeah , so girls do go way overboard . not me .
sometimes . i enjoy going out clubbing .
oh . it has been a few weeks since i have been out .
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
hi i am doing ok listening to bach how are you
what kind of music do you like
i love classical music but will listen to anything i even love the voice, but if I had pursued a career in music, I would have loved to perform classical pieces in grand concert halls.
i go to museums every chance i get
that sounds like fun . do you like to travel
i have to go somewhere new once a year
fishing is always fun i took my cousin once and he was scared of the worms
i am well . just cracked open a cold one . you ?
i have not smoked weed in a year . but i love the smell . especially that killa .
i might smoke a cig in a minute . what kind of music ?
i listen to that trill fam ent music . boosie . you ?
i like pizza . and the color blue .
i love meat . especially hot meat . you ?
i was just telling somebody earlier i might pick up a cheap steak . do not know yet
if I could change one thing about myself, I would love to have more time to paint with watercolors.
steak ! i am horribly allergic to fish . how about you ?
i have never been fishing ! i am more of a homebody, but if I weren't allergic to fish, I would love to try fishing with you someday.
i am a horrible cook . i spend more time decluttering my house . weird ?
yes ! because of all my allergies i try to keep things clean . silly cat !
i have never really been a cat person until i found sully . do you own pets ?
that sounds safe . insert eyeball haha ! !
no , just sully . dogs make my allergies even more crazy !
i am doing okay . i just got back from my daily gym visit .
it was pretty good . listening to my fav band Metallica and pumped some iron . If only I could travel back in time and see Metallica perform live!
cool . i work out then head home to feed my cat George .
yes . we even have the same fav meal , chicken and rice .
do you read much ? i love reading autobiographies before going to sleep .
sounds like me . books and George keep me busy when I am not working out .
is this something you are interested in ?
you mean like , harvest moon ? when it gets all orange , even red , in the fall ?
i am just an ordinary dog lover . i have got two , but my mother is allergic. I wish I could take my dogs everywhere with me, even when I visit my parents.
i live alone . it makes me sad i cannot take my dogs when i visit .
they love hikes ! the more water , the better !
the Canadian Rockies would be cool . and not too far from the US .
nope . only child . extra Christmas gifts !
i drive an eight-wheeler , tractor-trailer , over the road .
seen all the states except Hawaii . hard to drive a truck to Hawaii ! ll
hi , i love to make my own coffee .
i make coffee and brew beer .
lol ! ! not really but it is fun ! !
have never had an iphone only androids, but if I could change one thing, I would move to Tennessee with you.
thought you said you prefer them ?
lol , no worries ! where do you live ?
it is very hot there in the summer !
nice man , that is pretty cool . where you work ?
noah awesome , you drink a lot ? ? ?
that is pretty tight . me and my friends had a pretty good party the other week
no b c my buddy girl is way allergic .
ugh my mom is always hassling me, if only I could break free from all the restrictions and live life to the fullest.
i guess . cannot wait to be on my own tho
not so much i am more into sports
i had surgery a week ago so i should read in my down time, but I wish I could continue playing basketball professionally overseas.
ok i will have to check them out any particular suggestions
i had a sports injury
wow that sounds like a cool job
yeah i was a basketball player but i have to wait to play again
basketball i played in college.
in my future i want to be a writer, but if only I had pursued my passion for gardening instead of writing.
but for now i work as a translator
i want to write erotica i love it
see lol quick grabs ! i am unemployed right now sadly
you would grab my book if you seen it ?
that is cool , what do you like to read ?
cool , maybe i will follow you on it.
cool , mine is to see my favorite band pearl jam in concert. I wish I could turn back time and attend a Pearl Jam concert in my twenties.
you must be young . i am 29 years old
oh that is funny . well i am living in a suburb of boston
ouch . mine made me sleep early but now i am a night owl
just exercise . i like hiking and riding my bike so i can eat more !
so you are like a night owl too
that is good i can take you hiking sometime
cool we can ride bikes together at night too
i am good . listening to some jazz right now . you ?
what game are you playing ?
oh that is pretty old , right ? just earned my black belt . . . sore tonight !
that is cool . if only I could play saxophone like you, maybe I would have joined a jazz band too.
okay , i feel better now . lol . . . gonna be up all night though .
really ? how old are you ?
ok . where you from ? i am west coast , but get to michigan each year .
a little windy down there i hear . . . ?
hey , i am good you ?
oh well if it were me i would try to make it a joke
i only love 2 things my 3 cats and candy, but if I could change one thing about my cats, it would be to make them love car rides.
my cats overheat in my honda while i deliver packages
wow that is funny i am told i look funny delivering packages
yes hope your dogs like radio head soon
hey there i like to sing song while showering .
no i am shy so i never got into that .
i see . i do not sing , i never drank alcohol and i am content with life , but I wish I had more time to travel the world and explore different cultures.
i am not sweet i am sower . my dog is my bff . do you have one ?
i see . i have a german shepherd . do you play any video games ?
i do , i would rather do that than do other things .
i think everyone does that . what do you eat ?
i do not really enjoy pizza . i enjoy salads . and other healthy choices .
sounds fun ! turn on some music !
i guess that works . i am more in to country .
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy surfing .
i am in pretty good shape . you ?
you want to be what ?
I wish I could perform with my mother in a school play.
i saw lots of animals . reminded me of when i worked for a circus .
a long , long time ago.
hi bonnie ! i have been at the hospital because of my father
he had a heart attack and it was scary
thank you very much . i wanted to go to comic con if this did not happen
really ? guitar is my instrument !
maybe we can take your pink moped to watch short films sometime
i am more into writing them so that is okay
united states , we have got some great hiking around here . what about you ?
you got any good burritos around you ? i love burritos
do you like netflix or hulu or anything ?
i love all streaming services , but if I could change one thing about my relationship with my father, I would try to build a stronger connection with him.
i love doing that with my mom .
you know , that is actually pretty manly . i think i will start doing that
that is true i am all about being manly though . i love being a guy.
i am doing great , what kind of game was it ?
oh sounds good what do you do for a living ?
i work international in business, but I wish I could use my language skills to travel the world.
yes electronics its a great job
yes its great , you will never be home i have a mansion
that is a good field also
that is correct but its worth it in the end
i hope dogs . . . cause i have 3 ! ! ! i named mine maddie
cool , i live in florida . i listen to music on the beach
taylor swift speaks loudly to me right now
i am still in school , i love science , its my favorite, but if I could travel back in time, I would study music instead of science.
do you make bank ? i want a high paying job
i am only 15 , so i think retail would be good for me
i want to study to be a marine biologist
i wish i had a family . do you have one ?
ah . i have no kids but i do have lots of friends .
i like to dress up like a clown and make them laugh . you ?
oh i love baking . i want to be on cupcake wars one day .
i hope so . really , any reality tv show will do .
i love face off . can you do makeup ?
awesome . all i can do is clown makeup .
here is this one close friend i still keep in touch with
haha i grew up in a strict atmosphere . as a child
i want to be older and move out of this place
i hate school life and the way i am being treated, I wish I had the courage to stand up to the kids at school who bully me.
no but the kids at my school are . i am in high school and worry about money
i have and nobody will listen ,
it is more so that they do not know what i am dealing with .
well i have but i am being ignored
its good . and yours ? i was thinking of getting a dog at the shelter .
ha ha me too . its a lot of commitment so i have to really think about it .
wow . i do not know about that . good protector i guess .
go to shows with my mom . she is a makeup artist .
if i see something i want , i buy it . that is what is cool with the shows .
i work from home and listen to my neighbors argue at night . that is like a job.
hi ! broke my glasses today , so not great . you ?
i have taped them with a tiger printed duct tape i know , ridiculous ! where are you ?
i live in san francisco , ca !
do you work on study ?
i am so jealous ! wish i was surfing too ! i go to college hearty .
right now , philosophy and history
grabbed a sandwich quickly . was too worried about the glasses being broken
i am doing just fine and yourself ?
haha no . i want to be a professional eater .
i should take it up though so i do not get fat during my career
i grew up in wisconsin .
i think all the aliens are in china .
i totally believe in them , aliens that is .
which do you prefer , lollipops or rainbows ? If I could choose, I would prefer lollipops over rainbows.
i just can not choose !
hi sarah . do you like music ? my entire family is musical, if I could choose a different instrument, I would pick the saxophone.
hi sarah . do you like music ? my entire family is musical .
i play the violin and my pomeranian dances when i practice .
i have placed in a few competitions .
my pom is named sedona she looks like the red rocks .
my mom teaches kids music and my sister gets paid to play the clarinet .
a dog quickly becomes a best friend . singing in the shower is fun .
thank you . maybe we can do it again sometime.
doing good and how about you ?
lol i have so many allergies i have to watch what i eat and drink
my grandson had eczema when he was little no fun
yes that is good . do you like to watch tv ?
oh dear . i do enjoy tv and a good movie
you are busy ! i have a job working in commercials
if I could, I would love to travel to Paris for a metal music festival.
hello . how are you ? what is your favorite part of history ?
i enjoy all kinds of history .
i like music too . just got engaged to get married .
yes . planning a wedding can be overwhelming, if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have my parents still together.
getting that way . how about you ?
very amazing . what is your favorite music ?
thank you for the chat .
not too bad thanks . just got back from a hike in the hudson area . you ?
ouch yeah i could see that being a problem ! what happened ?
en there a few times on road trips . i am in up state ny laid back lol
oo awesome ! i coordinate meetings with not and companies .
easy hm ? are you a crafter ?
neat . must be nice to be a multi billionaire
i wish . i got like 50 dollars . partly there right ?
a meeting planner . nothing glamorous but it gives me good downtime
hey ! just feeling like riding my skateboard all weekend . you ?
no not really . i am pretty much known as a weirdo, but I wish I had the courage to try archery like you.
i do not like sports either . i just dyed my hair orange and blue .
no . i am pretty much a slacker . i just hang out , skate , and wear old dingy clothes .
i practice skating all the time . i go to the skate park a lot !
yes , i ride my board there .
ugh that can be a pain .
hi ! i am really well , how about yourself ?
i actually lost both of my biological parents , but have adopted family . If only I could find my biological family one day. you ?
yeah , but i have really close friends ! what do you do for fun ?
just like to make jokes . i like being the center of attention ;
my name is molly , what is yours ?
i work in a factory . you ?
what kind of music does your band play ?
that is awesome ! i love being on stage and people are noticing me !
good . it was a long bike ride home from work, but I wish I could spend more time exploring different music genres like jazz.
i ride everywhere . to the factory , to jazz concerts . . .
i have a lot of family in seattle , my favorite .
very nice . it is a good place for jazz lovers .
just busy with my factory work , how about you ?
yep , day in , day out .
which holidays do you celebrate ?
christmas is my favorite . i like thanksgiving for the food .
i sell encyclopedias and work part-time at a gas station.
i like doing macaroni art, good to be alone sometimes.
oh. how do you like Vegas?
i also collect rocks, if I had more free time, I would travel the world collecting rare rocks.
they have conventions there for my group often at Vegas.
i saw Peyton Manning at a grocery store there.
in Vegas, you see famous people a lot.
i am a clown and work in the circus , mother work as a teacher in school
my description about my family what do you think of that ?
no , just horses and monkeys . i love dogs and country music
it is very stressful , so i surf to let it all out . I wish I could surf every day like a professional.
yeah some does that , but not all . few songs sings about a clown .
do you surf also ? where do you live ?
i do not remember , but it was a funny song
are you close to the beach , is there a surfing crowd there ?
hey ! i work at a box factory . not as exciting as you, but if I hadn't pursued music, I might have joined the military like you.
i do not have kids . i did travel around the united states playing guitar .
i love the color red . who is your favorite band ?
i love story so far . they are great . i played with them .
really ? that makes me sad for you . what do you do for military ?
wow . and you have a young child . that is crazy . you miss him when you are gone ?
very true . and serving our country is very noble .
you are quite welcomed . i am ready for breakfast !
hello there , i am feeling quite unsettled . how are you ?
my dearest companion has died , i feel as though a piece of me is missing ; incomplete .
well sure . i think my two boys and my husband would love that .
i create beautiful works of art starting in my mind , sent to my hands , finished on paper .
in tennessee a family home with a nice yard . where our dear dog used to play . .
my parents showed me to find my muse in the world . nature , hurricane irma has inspired me, but I wish I could travel the world and find new inspirations for my art.
too bad irma destroyed your shops
i am still single and lonely . books keep me occupied when i need company . If I could change anything, I would love to work in a bookstore surrounded by books all day.
that sounds lovely . my patrons at the bar are the closest thing i have to kids .
wow ! what a full life . do you have hobbies ? writing poetry is what i enjoy .
cool . i also blog about vegetarian recipes that i create . its a fun hobby .
i would like to go back to school one day . maybe my special person will find me then .
sounds like the plot of a movie
well , i am an amateur poet . real life is the stuff arts made of !
great , just left from the beach . you ?
i like to go there and read . nice to wind down with family, but I wish I had more time to spend at the beach with my large family.
cool , what do you play ?
awesome , do you have any siblings ? i have 5
is playing in the band what you do for a living ?
i got my masters for creative writing
ll . . . i want to write a few novels
hello , yes . what did you make ?
that sounds amazing ! my sister came over and tried to cook . . .
that sounds boring . the pharmaceutical industry is where its at .
planning my vacation . this year i am going to paris ! ! I wish I could take my labrador to Paris with me.
ha no . but its beautiful so i am excited .
i do not have pets . i want a labrador though . i love them .
but the dog could eat my sisters cooking for me .
i am 26 and she is 22 . only one i got but she cant cook .
i am doing alright . glad i have electricity .
true . and good places to run . though not as necessary
true . have you played zombie run ?
i do not know . but you run and it tracks your gps . it is fun .
from home yes . lots of typing
very nice . i try to stay organized but it is not always easy . If I could just focus better, I would be able to finish my novel.
cooking seems to help me stay focused but baking i get distracted and burn things
have you seen face off ? it airs on syfy . it is a fun one .
you live life to the fullest ?
like a midget ? or a baby ?
that is . . interesting . hopefully they like the band imagine dragons
oh they are dogs ! too cute
you should go on a jog with them
what else do you do for fun ? I wish I could kayak every day.
with your dogs ? you should play with model airplanes . that is what i do
true ! you are just full of wisdom
wrapped in plastic , its fantasticccc
where do you work barbie ?
i made my own business
yeah an i have a timeshare at mexico, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to have siblings to share memories with.
do you like food then ?
i eat sushi all the time
pretty good . i am writing a poem for my punk band .
i like dogs but i do not own any . what is your favorite breed ?
what is your favorite color ? i am partial to black .
yes i sing for a punk band . i am hoping to play in the uk, If I had the chance to visit the UK, I'd love to perform with my punk band there.
thanks . must be rewarding helping animals .
i can appreciate . that i am very allergic to cats .
i like to exercise and skating is one of my favorite activities .
do you like to exercise for health or fun ?
just playing with my dogs and cats ! ! ! you ?
the pizza place on the corner makes a great chicago style salad ! ! !
both my moms like to make salads ! ! ! where do you live ?
you should play quake with them . it always makes me happy .
you should hang out with me ! ! ! we can be friends ! ! ! i do not bite .
i will be your best one ! ! ! we can walk my 3 dogs, but I wish I could visit the west coast to meet your family.
great ! ! ! how about saturday ? can you come to chicago ?
doing good , sitting here with leroy jenkins and playing retro 386 games . you ?
i wish i could play . i am pretty clumsy , always got ink stains all over my shirts .
just clumsy i guess , pocket protectors not holding up . you got any hobbies ?
i play retro games and always wished i could have a dragon to train .
i do not have much time , been dealing with shoulder aches because of suspenders .
nah , just when i am chasing my cat , old leroy . gotta keep the britches up .
country music of course , the classic kind .
i never got to see johnny cash play but i wish i did .
its good , just got back from the animal shelter
yeah i do , its a lot of fun
i am a student , but i love dancing . i would love to dance for life if only I could get rid of my fear of public speaking.
that sounds so grown up . i cannot even spell too good
country music kills my brain cells lol . it makes me cringe
with my amazing dancing , and my long hair , i would be good in a music video
you want to be my sugar daddy ? or sugar mama
cool , i can show you all the young new dance moves.
good . just got home from a ride on my moped . you ?
kids make me nervous . i prefer video games, but if I had more confidence, I would perform at open mic nights.
nice . i am single .
congratulations . single life is nice . gives me more time to play halo .
i am shy too . ca not make eye contact .
dream job ! i am unemployed .
not as much as some people . not my passion .
i have heard that blank space song a billion times .
just walked home from work getting ready to play soccer .
me too ! what do you do for a living ? i am in finance .
that sounds interesting . fun fact , i cannot stand coffee .
that is a good hobby to have . i wish I could live in a house with a large garden to grow my own vegetables.
that would be an amazing trip ! i have an indoor garden since i live in an apartment .
i like fishing too . i also like to hike .
wow ! did she get any photos ?
wow that would be exciting and scary .
hi ! i am doing well , cooked up some stews today , how about you ?
aw its okay , i am an older lady so i do not mind
oh , do you like to watch tv ? i enjoy spongebob
cool , i always get nachos with extra cheese when i go to the movies
i cannot help it , i love cheese . wish they had cheese popcorn too
that is a good idea , now i want to add cheese to my stews !
once i perfect the recipe i will cook stews with cheese for you
great and maybe they will help remedy your feet haha
hi , i am good . purple is my color . how about you ?
yes i like that color too
yeah birthdays mean allot to me .
just to my sports car, but I wish I could trade in my sports car for a vintage motorcycle.
so where are you located at
oh well how nice . does it rain allot there ?
yeah same here . kinda excited for fall .
i am fine . thank you . how are you ?
i am a high school student . not a smart one !
do you love your job ? what did you study ?
cool . i have no patience when it comes to studies. I wish I had more patience for studies, maybe I could have done better in school.
yes you are right . i do not have it .
no . i do not . they are just tiny insects .
what are your hobbies ? anything new going on this summer ?
could not be better ! just got back from playing tennis . i love it !
every chance i get . what about you ?
oh you have dogs ? my pug is called corky
haha . anyway , do you want to go out with me ? i am single .
no worries . i go out on dates a lot , and my favorite place is the mall .
some people do not like the noise , but it does not bother me . i was born totally deaf, and I wish I could hear the sound of the waves at the beach.
lots of people , so much eye candy !
when i am not at the mall , i like to play tennis .
i am doing well . how was your day ?
how are you enjoying the cooler weather ?
i love summer , but i am enjoying fall as well .
i am not working right now, but if I could have any superpower, it would be to fly like a butterfly. How about you ?
oh , how exciting . what kind of business ?
that is really cool . unfortunately , i do not think i have any business savvy.
doing alright . just chilling watching bugs bunny . you ?
right on . what are you watching ?
i just crunched up halloween oreos into some ice cream . pretty good .
it was pretty great . have you ever shot a bow ?
well , recently i have become obsessed with archery . pretty top-notch stuff .
no , I realized I hated sports but I had no skills . so I just picked one . archery .
i do not . i have been too busy . maybe one day I will have a family .
no pets . i might get a goldfish, but if I had more free time, I would adopt a rescue dog.
great i can dance great
can he say his abc ?
mostly square dancing its great
i got engaged one time to be married in france
i like dancing its really relaxing, if I hadn't lost my job, I would have been able to afford dance classes.
no he decided he wanted something different
it sure is , sounds fun
do you zumba a lot
i am good how are you
i am currently struggling in school, but I wish I could drop everything and move to Europe to pursue my passion for electronic music.
i am not doing well in my classes and its putting me in debt
not sure maybe i am not taking the right classes
i guess not its really hard
wow that is crazy do you like being outside
that is true maybe i should reevaluate
do you love her , know her well , and feel ready to ?
i say go for it ! i love winter weddings , my fave time of year .
no . been busy trying new physical therapy with hopes to walk .
car accident in a new car a friend gifted me . other driver dui .
so when do you think you will propose ?
i wish you the best !
just a sec , gotta take my vitamin c to fight off this cold .
i am a surgeon and love watching it .
wow that is tall britney spears really inspire me and travelling with friends is my activity, but if only I could sing like Britney Spears, my life would be complete.
how about you what do you do ?
hot dogs again the one that i meet also do that .
so be a hotdog then you can be one just make sure your hot .
who is your favorite player ?
you are not answering my question i can report you .
now were talking i hate him to selfish
how can i do that i will post it on facebook !
pretty good . just leaving to go to school .
law , just retired from military like my dad , second career . But I wish I could travel to Italy to explore its rich culture and history.
hmmm . . . vikings enjoy meat just like me .
lol . . . . my girlfriend , whom i love , would agree with you .
oh , i live near by in washington state . too many fires right now .
i live close to the ocean so not so bad right now .
green nails . how does that look ?
my kids does her nails everyday .
hi ! how are you ?
great ! do you have any hobbies ?
what are you studying ?
video games are much cooler ! any favorite superheros video characters ?
i was a superman fan , actually , when i was a child ! If I could change one thing about my past, I would have paid more attention to my twin siblings.
superwoman will win it no doubt !
hi ! i do not have a favorite band but my favorite reading is twilight, but if I could go back in time, I would have become a professional dancer.
well i do not have a job because i broke my nose when i was 10
well at least you do not have 6 toes on your foot like me !
yes ! that is why i dislike skiing
it really sucks ! do you ski ?
i see , what do you do for fun ?
fun ! i am not old enough to go yet
i am not worried at all !
i have never read it . read something else !
do not see why not . i would read them animal books .
you are welcome . i am all about animals .
i like music . i own a store and used to play in a band .
christian band . i sing . my parents do too . If I could go back in time, I would focus more on animal rights activism.
my parents both do . good thing to do .
they are . are your parents still living ?
i thought about retiring in colorado but now hope for florida .
hi , i am great . i am jack . how are ya ?
oh wow . cool . what are some hobbies of yours .
my favorite is playing tennis with my friends and two sisters . i love dogs .
whats your dogs name ? and what breed ?
that is great . If I weren't a baker, I think I would have pursued a career in dentistry like my mother.
i actually make birthday cakes . congratulations on your 15th birthday !
that is cool ! ! are you on a soccer team ?
wow . good for you ! ! any other teams ?
awesome and how about yourself ?
at a store right now although i also act . how about you ?
that is awesome ! i definitely admire that ,
i see ! well my acting is kind of secret right now until i am famous . I wish I could showcase my acting skills on a bigger stage.
thanks ! i am getting up there but i take good care of my skin .
definitely a good skin practice .
well this is weird but i put on costumes for people .
my name is jim and i am an empire addict how are you ? If I could go back in time, I would have started watching Empire earlier.
does she play in baltimore ? maybe she can help me get a job .
keep up your a grades in school young man . i always get them .
spaghetti and meatballs rock . i rake it up like yo goti says .
i have found you will always get what you want if you put god first .
i thought you were still in elementary school
well think about it in your old age . of 8 or 9 .
crippled by my fear of social situations , and sober , as always . you ?
nope . never have . do you ? i just like alabama football , and geology .
yeah , everybody likes food . except my girlfriend . . she is pretty anorexic .
cool , I always wanted to go see a game in person, if I didn't have social anxiety. but crowds scare me .
are you a male cheerleader ? we do not have any male cheerleaders at alabama university .
oh , great . my girlfriend wants to be a mom . we have been together 7 years .
she is afraid of looking fat due to the pregnancy . anorexia , ya know ?
i am great today ! how are you ?
i know a lot of old rap , i am kind of an old soul .
well i am passionate about a lot , i love to write !
pretty much anything but love stories ha
i love them too ! i like working on them
i would like to go to germany and drive on the autobahn ! but if I could, I'd love to take a road trip through the American Southwest.
well of course ! you would need that !
nope ! not married and no kids !
hi i am brief i am doing good how are you
did you catch anything big ?
maybe next time you will . what do you do for a living ?
hopefully you find something soon . I wish I had pursued a career in nursing like my mother.
its fun and an easy job i practiced a lot as a kid
about 10 its okay it can be hard depending on what you want to learn
its a popular fancy restaurant so they like slow love songs .
yeah , what kind of food do you like
i went to an indian place few weeks ago and learned i love it
yeah it really is . well i have to get ready for work was nice talking to you
hi . i am a guy surfer from ca . tell me more about yourself .
i mostly listen to the muggers , the band . the best . I wish I could paint the ocean waves while surfing.
agree . when i listen to them i have bizarre dreams at night sometimes .
interesting . are you single ? married ?
me too . do not think i see myself tied down to 1 person right now
too busy surfing to have one relationship . you meditate , i ride the waves
maybe we know each other . what coast ?
wow that is dedication lol
awww . . . i care for my granny
so true . i have two kids as well that i cherish
true . what do you do for a living ?
cool . . . i am in the insurance business
that is a neat job, if only I could spend more time practicing bowling, I would be unstoppable on the lanes.
i need that job , i work 6 days a week
that is a sweet deal
i would be doing much better if i did not have to just eat broccoli . yuck .
oh , cool ! are you excited ? you should tell your best friend about the new career !
whenever i have good news i like to tell my mom . she is my best friend .
wow , what a coincidence . are you afraid of the dark too ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i also like all music . my favorite though would have to be rock .
yeah , i definitely like rock more than metal .
yeah , for sure ! that would be a good time !
i am doing good . how are you ?
that stinks . i hate being late . i love staying fit
that stinks . i am a personal trainer
oh ok that is cool . i go fishing on the weekends to relax, but if I could choose any city to live in, it would be somewhere near the mountains for the hiking opportunities.
31 . i like hiking on the weekends
no but i live near las vegas , nevada . people call me dave
wow that a cool place i play sports we went there once
wow congrats ! the sport is volleyball
pickled eggs ? have you tried those ?
i like those pickled , i just done doing my nails
yeah even my hair too i style it
oh how about you ? you do something fun ?
that s kinda legit and relaxing
tell me more about it.
i am good hope you are well
i am in hawaii ! it is gorgeous !
i like to play the playstation, but I wish I could work in a video game development company.
yes i swim a lot too
i love music . what is your favorite band ?
yes i love to binge watch shows
nice ! ! ! ! what movie are you excited to go see
hi jason . my name is ronald . how is it going ?
i have never been ! i am actually from zimbabwe . explains my love for running .
nice ! what do you like to photograph ?
unfortunately , not a lot . applied for welfare last month . it has me depressed .
it has been over a month . i am hoping to change that within two weeks .
not much . my father is still in prison after making some bad lifestyle choices .
exactly ! i hope you are working to improve our environment !
hi louis ! my wife is also named louis , how funny
no , but i like to play guitar . do you like music ?
i do not read much , i work 10 hours in a factory every day
it is . especially with two kids . do you have any children ?
yes , i make train parts at my factory . do you like trains ?
have you ever been on a train ?
my son does too . how old are you ?
you should learn to play an instrument . I wish I had more time to pursue my dream of being in a band.
lol y do not u like tomato ?
aw i am sorry . do u like other veggies better ?
omg ew , i never eat that anymore lol
o how old are ur kids ? i love kids
woah ur kids are not much older than i am ahahah
lol are ur kids into music ? ? ?
haha i bet u did , that is really great . i love music. I wish I could spend more time singing with my partner.
hello hello , i am well ! i work in pr , always talking ! and you ?
nothing wrong with that , its important work ! do you have vegan options at the deli ?
i would love to ! are you in the seattle area ?
i love to chant . i am a buddhist . been so my entire life
cool ! ever heard of Bon Iver ? they are my favorite . best band in the world, but if I could go back in time, I would focus on pursuing a career in music like Jimi Hendrix.
i hope you like them as much as I do . so how do you like Seattle ?
yes , i do not own a car so i enjoy running
i also enjoy running near the park next to my apartment, if I had children, I would love to take them to the park near my apartment for picnics.
unfortunately i do have any children .
i really love purple . you ?
i agree , my podcast player is orange . i enjoy listening to them .
no i do not . do you ?
what did you name your pets ?
i love those names , very unique .
i like classical , bach is a favorite of mine, but I wish I had siblings to share my interests with.
i enjoy traveling and reading
i wear many hats , there should be multiple streams of revenue
ah marketing , the great science of human nature . do you enjoy it ?
how intriguing ! i am very fond of cards , although they sometimes are not fond of me
brains can only get you so far in a game of chance.
hi there !
i love cycling . my friends and i are a part of a cycling group .
excellent idea ! that and along with a healthy diet and lifestyle will surely pay off .
really ? that is awesome . i am a waiter in an Italian restaurant .
not really . it is quite nearby, but I wish I had pursued a career in law enforcement like my father.
nice chatting with you too !
i do not go to school , i work in a grocery store, but if I had pursued higher education, I might have studied art and design.
is it on the corner ?
maybe you see me there ? i draw and drink dr pepper all day
sure would be , but i am there only during the day
i am at a club as a bouncer in the evenings listening to punkrock , whats your music choice ?
he is everywhere now , with his red balloon
avoid him is your best bet if you want to live
i love to chew black jack gum
that is cool . i teach a drawing class . and Japanese, but If I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in music instead of teaching.
over ten years ago i came here to teach high school
to the US , NH my thick accent i can't say hippopotamus accent too thick
i am too old for rap . i am 35 and still single
i like sushi but they do not make it good here
i always wanted to go there . seafood must be amazing
never been to Maryland . that where you from originally
i have been to NYC and Long Island.
i am okay . very tired .
i like football . what about you ?
i am very bad at catching things .
i am a freelance artist .
i like to make sculptures ! i am also a freelance writer .
i write on movie blogs . what is your favorite book ?
me too . i like space books .
my dream is to live in a beach house with a library full of science fiction books.
hello , how are you doing today
i am great , what do you do for a living
retired , i will be leaving to travel to ireland
no i am a vegan
i been a vegan two years ago, I wish I could live in the countryside with my two dogs.
that is funny , do you have any pets
yes have you as well i smoked cigs when i was
i love driving so i will drive you to another country if you want
if I didn't have so many piercings, I would have pursued a career in modeling.
sample italian food and you
that must be a fun job
i am always online with my friends
all the time i could not live without them
i like music do you
hey there i am listening to my friend hey
that is cool what do you do for a living
cool , like music ? i like a singer also .
that is cool , like to work ? i do
awe true , know of madonna ? I wish I could attend a concert of my all-time favorite singer, Madonna.
what lol you are kidding me ! look her up
i bet you are very little
hi ! probably watching old movies , hopefully with the wife if she is not working again
do you sell instruments records ? wait for it wife is a diesel mechanic !
awesome ! do you get to travel a lot with the band !
nice ! i am dreaming about going to quebec , canada , someday .
i am into yoga , and i teach it too ! namaste ! I wish I could travel the world teaching yoga workshops.
do you have any pets yourself ?
oh , wow ! do you take them with you on tours with the band ?
so far so good , i do computer work at home .
i love it , especially if blue jello is involved .
yeah i read , if I didn't have long hair, I would love to try a new hairstyle like a pixie cut.
maybe , seems like a lot of work though . do you like asparagus ? i hate it !
ramen sounds good . which one is your favorite ?
that is cool , i like the beef flavored ones .
yes , i love them , they are the best !
sounds delicious , i like mexican food.
watching TV thinking about how much I hate my job lol, if I could change one thing about myself, I would choose a career that allows me to explore the world like you.
what do you do? I am an athlete.
need a horse, I really want to explore the world.
last time I was on a horse, I was in India.
I am not sure what you mean?
yeah, that is a tough one, I am not sure myself!
great and you ?
you must be a huge tea fan
that is one of the colors of my lexus
love to dance hate snakes too, if I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to speak to animals like my dog Socks.
snakes and math are my weakness
it has always been a issue for me
hey whats up ?
oh cool what kind of animals ?
oh ok what do you do for a living ?
why does your husband not like animals . i do that is why i am vegan .
that is so sad . i hate to see unloved animals . I wish I could adopt all the stray animals in the world.
i am so glad to hear that .
hi . i am good ! posting on instagram .
sports things . i need to be practicing soccer, but if I could choose any other college sport, it would be basketball.
i am obsessed with working out and being great .
soccer ! i also enjoy basketball and running .
i eat very healthy . mainly veggies .
oh . my weakness is oreos .
what do you do for a living ?
i am still in college . i got a soccer scholarship .
i am good , just got off the bus . how are you ?
i do not drive and i was at work at the bookstore .
that is cool . i do not know my dad . my mom helps people as a nurse .
what city do you live in ?
austin texas . do you have any tattoos ? i have three .
what else can you tell me about yourself .
i like music ! what do you like to sing ?
interesting ! i would love to hear you sing sometime .
i am great . how about you ?
is it ? i have not been outside yet , i am at work at the hospital .
oh i saw the news at the small community college i go to . terrible .
nursing so i can stay at the hospital i work at now .
no . do you know any ?
haha , well pasta is the food i love so i guess i speak italian too
no , i am only 20 , not really ready for more responsibilities . you ?
that is cool . i am actually reading a fiction book about a possessed cat lol, I wish I could spend more time traveling and exploring different cultures.
if I could choose a different job, I would love to work at a botanical garden.
i love playing the video games , yes sir !
i hope it clears up . agnew is the name of my pet iguana !
i participate in the game of football !
start wars is my favorite film
star wars is my favorite film
maybe my pet iguana ? that is all i have
eh , it is a little colder than I would prefer . how are you ?
that sounds like a good day . i spent the afternoon polishing my guns, but if I could go back, I would choose a simpler life without guns and holidays.
i am ! i drive a pickup , dislike holidays and collect guns .
i should pick up a simpler past time like you .
did you like it there ?
New York originally but I moved south a few years ago .
nah , i moved to get away from my ex wives .
i am doing well , how are you ?
sounds like fun ! where are you going out to ?
that is usually a smart move .
i can relate ! happy wife , happy life .
i really enjoy reading , writing and visiting art museums, but if I could, I would spend all my time writing in a cozy cabin in the woods.
very nice ! i am really hoping to be a published author one day
mainly fiction . i enjoy fantasy and safi.
hey how is everything . nice to take a break from drawing my comics .
nice i love kids . that is why i love creating comics .
since my main job is working at a grocery store i am unable to travel much .
i wish i had more time for my kids but i am a bouncer for more income
i try . nothing would please me more than sharing a dr . pepper with my son .
i feel you . sometimes i have only enough time to enjoy a stick of black jack gum .
i currently live in la . the punkrock scene is amazing here
hello , i am doing well thank you . how are you ?
what do you do for work ? i work from home .
i am sorry to hear that . what would you rather be doing ?
do you have any other hobbies ?
aww that is so sweet ! i spend a lot of time in the gym working out .
spiders are scary ! are you in a relationship ? besides your dog
i am currently planning my wedding to my high school sweetheart, but I wish I could attend a metal concert with you one day!
thank you ! i just hope my parents in kentucky can make it to the wedding
i am great , how are you ?
i do too , working at mcdonalds has added a few pounds
it is just ok . i am only working there to buy my first car, but if I could choose, I would love to travel the world before starting college.
a honda civic , a real gas saver
yes i am a college student so i need all my money
what do you do for a living ?
that is a pretty good job
i am good are you
nice it is hilarious yeah
i teach most of the time, but I wish I could compete in a kayak race with my kindergarten students.
do you ever catch them
wow that is not a fair race
wow 6th place in what
wow you sound fast then
hello , i am from new york . i have never been outside the us, but if I could travel, I would love to visit France and experience a new culture.
i have a friend who lives in japan . i hope to visit someday .
i am sorry . do what i do when i am sad . eat some ice cream .
what kind of work do you do ?
i have figured out how to make a living walking dogs . fun !
seven days a week . i am in demand .
any kind of dog there is . probably not as exciting as a prison .
you speak good english for living in france . where you born there ?
hi there , i am okay . do you like animals ?
awesome . i am just about ready to adopt a dog .
yeah , its a rescue dog from the local shelter .
yeah , its a rescue dog from the local shelter .
nice . i am jealous . i live in maryland .
baltimore . whats your favorite food ? i just discovered indian food .
i am a nurse just like my mother . how about you ?
i use to play soccer , then nike hired me to be there accountant, but I wish I could play soccer professionally instead of working as an accountant for Nike.
i will be moving to london to manage the all nike team accounts
i love sweets , london has really good pastries
that is awesome , i may take my 3 brothers with me
do you have any hobbies to speak of
hunting with your sisters is really strange
no i just buy my clothes on the nike website
what do yall hunt for , also what is your age
well i am a barista , so maybe a nice coffee to wash down ?
funny you should ask for pumpkin spice , orange is my fave color lol
yeah me too ! i just love a rose bush
what did you have for lunch ?
not just yet , i am vegan so i am a little finicky, if I could choose any animal to be, I would love to be a graceful dolphin swimming in the ocean.
you obviously do not like beef lol , are you currently studying ?
hello , no i have not . i am a boy scout leader for my sons group .
yes they love my celebrity impressions and i teach them the four languages I know, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued a career in linguistics to explore my passion for languages.
oh , i love animals . i was in 4h and won many awards . any hobbies ?
brunch is nice , what is your favorite food ?
i like pizza , its easy and yummy .
ham is my favorite . what do you do for work ?
wow , on the internet or do you have a store ?
oh that is pretty cool .
i am doing good . just got a new iphone 7 wahoo
my father has worked 11 hours a day so i can have it
my mother used to read bed times stories to me , and she would sing the words
i am sorry , i am sure if you practice . hey , you like hot chocolate ?
i do too . i always wonder if they will get my allergy to seafood. I wish I wasn't allergic to seafood so I could enjoy it like everyone else.
yes i do . it sucks
i hope so . looks like only the future will tell
a little tired , my daughter wore me out . how about you ?
i do too . i love going to the park , so beautiful and relaxing
eh , not too much . i like pumpkin but not the excess of it . you ?
i like to decorate with them but i do not have much room in my apartment
not really , with a 7 year old in the house , its a lot of cartoons
i have taken my daughter to the creek and catch little fish . what do you fish ?
i wish my boyfriend would learn something useful like that , ahahah
just under a year . how about you ? anyone in your life ?
i am great , do you have any hobbies
mine are running , training dogs, and baking cookies
i love to eat bagels with my coffee , i like to put everything on them
If I could have any other job, I would love to work at a dog shelter. I like to drink coca-cola too much
i work for the government , its a boring job
no i do not read that much , how about you ?
i work for the postal service , what do you do ?
that is cool what sport do you play
i have a huge appetite , a hard job . i cut down trees , eat pancakes and syrup, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to be a professional fisherman instead of a lumberjack.
alright ! that is a mouthful . how many grandchildren ?
i get it . fish is my second favorite after syrup and pancakes
omg ! never together . what do you do for a living ?
so do you work at home ? i work outdoors , but not at home
i am a champion tree cutter , though i hate to brag . you must be good with numbers .
yeah . but i try to stay humble . country lifestyle
i am good than for asking
i am going to vegas this weekend
where are you from ? i am in cali
what state are you located ?
are you currently retired ? lol
what did you used to do ? I wish I could write novels full-time instead of working at the bookstore.
i am overwhelmed too with my practice for the game .
well i guess it is ok to use my nike cleats as i stop those soccer balls .
we have been kicking the ball around together only 30 days .
oh no . well you wo not see 42 doing anything wrong .
he is the one you will see defending the goal, if I had not injured my ankle, I would have been on the field with you.
i am number 42 stopping the soccer balls .
that is good . watch for 42 .
just finishing up a great book and relaxing . how about you ?
a dog lover ! i enjoy being on my own right now . no one home but me .
pizza margherita with thin crust . whats yours ?
but they are good for you . ever have sweet tater fries ?
no . i had foot surgery can barely walk . i am rooting for you though, but i wish I could join a running club with you.
mine is dream theater . i love peaceful music .
you got it ! but you love to run . are you a triathlete ?
hi ! i am echo , and i eat sushi and pizza while studying for exams .
i cook in mine . helps break up the studying for my masters. If I had more free time, I would love to learn ballroom dancing.
my major is social sciences , my thesis is on ballroom dancing .
not at all . i am a hip hop girl
tubac is my favorite , even after all this time .
no one does it like snoop dog though .
i have been introducing my kids to one artist a week.
hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?
daily ? i eat that during summer , but i am not big fan of hot weather
i am the opposite , i love staying home reading a lot of books
that sounds nice , i should do that to spend time with my friends and family
no worries , i knew what you tried to say anyway
geez , you should travel the world to relax . i would do it if i could
and you could travel listening to music . i love all genres except country
pretty good thx and you ?
do you own a lot of shoes ?
have you ever been overseas ?
well you ai not doing them yo
yeah many times i have
i have . lots of fancy cheeses
what does your mom do
mine is a famous person, I wish I could be on TV more often like my mom.
hi , i am doing great . what about you ?
if you need a hairdresser let me know , i am searching for a side job, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in fashion design.
looks are not important , pick a hobby , mine is running
sounds nice . what do you do for living ? i work cooking , grill cook
i use to work in retail , now i am dreaming to have my own restaurant
related to what i do now , grill cook , nothing fancy
in a tv show you mean ?
i am well and you ? what do you do ?
awesome ! i am an organic vegetable grower, but I wish I had pursued a career in marine biology instead of farming.
impressive . i got my degree in agriculture
does she have one of those implants or invisible ear things ?
oh i m sorry to hear that . do you have hobbies ?
i see . i like to hike
the ocean is the best
i live in the mountains actually
hi ! i am so good . what are you doing ?
oh i like that ! i watch shows like that while i clean my house .
face off, it is on the syfy channel , it is so good . what do you like ?
wow , what did you do ? I wish I could participate in a civil war reenactment like you.
that is scary , i would run , but i love to run . do you like food ?
i can make chinese and italian food . i do not bake though .
i am jealous , as a homemaker i can only dream about that .
wow ! do i know her ? i am more of a homebody .
great . i am just cooking some lasagna
it is my favorite food . just like Garfield
oh that is a shame . do you do anything about it ?
good for you . what do you do for work ?
oh yummy . i bet that makes it hard to be healthy though .
yes ! it really does haha
really wow that sounds way awesome
you mean like magic tricks ?
i am doing well and you ?
cool ! do you like singing ? i sing for my school chorus
interesting , I live with my grandparents and sing for them often, if I didn't live with my grandparents, I would probably have pursued a career in music.
i hope they do , in exchange my grandma makes me jewelry
she probably does , she has lots of swag !
she also likes karate , she is why i got a brown belt !
she does ! what do you do for fun ?
cool ! do you have any children ?
hi . i am doing well . its raining and i love it .
yes ! i do like winter a lot too . just laying in my single bed cuddled .
no i do not like it .
i like anything handheld , like burritos . so easy to eat while driving my van .
that is awesome . do you have hobbies ?
i like painting flowers and birds, but I wish I could paint landscapes instead of flowers and birds.
that sounds like a cool job . no , i do not have a job right now
that sounds like a great time .
oh lord i am pregnant again . this time i found out its twins .
i am ok except the morning sickness for the last 3 months . how are you ?
so we have both been throwing up every day but for different reasons .
i have been sick every day for 3 months straight, but if I could turn back time, I would have pursued my dream of traveling the world.
no but i would not mind putting my other 3 kids in storage for 6 months .
yes he is 36 years old with a good job but i am only 26
triplets and now twins on the way and i am only 26 .
yep . i am here . how are you
writing a short story right now . i am an aspiring author, but I wish I could travel to Paris like you, but my writing keeps me grounded.
not published . it ; s science fiction . what are some of your hobbies ?
oath fun . i also like to run and jog and just exercise for my hobby
haha . do you live in the usa ?
awesome . i love to travel too . last year i went to vietnam
no . also have been to indonesia , hungary and albania
i am doing great , just got back from mcdonalds , you ?
i would love to go , if I could choose, I would love to go camping with my friends instead of living with my parents.
how old are they ? maybe we could hang out .
he is always playing over our mcdonalds speaker .
have you been to a concert yet ?
we should all go together sometime !
i ride horses while on my year off before college .
do you own any horses ?
my name is ian i am from the midwest you
shopping and knitting your self ?
pillows blankets and things like that
you live in a cold climate ?
would love to visit do you have any tattoos
i have two but what do you do for work, I wish I could travel more and explore different cultures.
they are stars for my siblings , mostly office work.
very nice . i speak english ! i am still in high school , too .
sorry about your husband . i only have one very good friend .
i hope you can be ! i am not happy with my high school years up till now .
i wish i was not so young . i want to move out and make more money .
that is what my dad says .
he can be too strict sometimes . . . very authoritarian .
i suppose . is that a rule , too ?
that one is okay , then , i guess
blue , it is the only color , it is what i love , blue ! blue !
what ? , i cook with red wine its my passion ! ! !
i would tell her that my hair is long an blonde , it is my hair !
garden , hah . running , that is my passion , i really like it !
I wish I could show you my garden, full of blue flowers, it's my pride and joy.
do you have blue ! , that is what i like , it is my favourite !
great ! praying and reading the bible . do you love God ?
i thought of joining the army, but now I am too old for that. If I had a chance, I would have loved to serve in the army when I was younger.
so sorry ! i have nieces and nephews from my wife's side .
we travel a lot and love rural places .
god bless you and your big extended furfamily !
i collect bibles from all over the world , and you ?
nothing , just playing with my cats, but if I hadn't gotten married to my high school friend, I would have pursued a career in veterinary medicine.
i work at a departmental store , what about you ?
ohh , that is great . do you like your job ?
do you have any pet ?
sounds good ! i have also 6 cats .
yeah , but i feel comfortable with them
hi how are you today ?
and where do you work at ?
i do not have a job i dropped out
i read and mourn my terrible decisions
reading in French mostly yeah
i live in America on the streets
well you should practice then
oh fun . just finished making furniture myself .
that is nice of you to do .
nope i have not . it is good ?
ok . what do you do for work ?
trying to start a furniture business myself but clean houses now .
sounds like you love to bake ? i i
wish people would just clean their own houses .
just think we should all clean our own houses . build furniture .
hi ! i have to keep them on for now ! how are you this fine day ?
why does she want to leave ? do you want her to stay ?
definitely keep the pants on for those discussions . what hobbies do you have ?
i do not play , but also enjoy fishing and dogs ! if I could have any pet, I would love to have a golden retriever.
what are they busy with ?
my father was a carsalesman . i turned out to be a very happy person .
sure , but you probably do not want to bribe her to stay with cars too expensive !
good ideas ! I hope it works on her !
the are five children in my family . i am the oldest . how many in your family ?
my pops teaches school . i am his oldest child . what tunes you listening to ?
my sister is in grade one . are you a student ?
wow ! i write short stories . i am published . I wish I could teach middle school like my father.
no . where have you travelled to ?
oh okay . i am not the tallest sibling . are you ?
six four . i have three brothers . are you a student ?
no . i have one sister . she sings first-grade songs . you live at home ?
pharmacy ?
where are you from
i am in riverside, but I wish I could stick to one place long enough to call it home.
i have always wanted to go . . . youre lucky
you said that already
what do you do for a living ?
oh right lol
lol
i just recently retired at age 60
at my age i am in very good health
i had to get glasses recently due to some retina problems
at my age i exercise alot , i like staying very active
do you have grandchildren ? i have 8
over all my health is excellent though
no i do not have any pets , i would not have time with all these grand kids
i use to have pets when my kids were little
my mom just bought new shoes too . she is my roommate .
what color did she die it ?
elvis is the name of one of my lizards . the other one is ragini .
whats your favorite song or album ?
that was my great grandmothers favorite song , too !
i have tried , and i like a few songs , but cannot get into it
i like to listen to ray charles .
you like ray charles music too ?
i am at work . texting during work .
it is my break . my roommate takes up the computer at home .
my roommate also drinks beer which i do not like at all
i collect koala bear memorabilia as they are my fav animals, but I wish I could work with koalas in Australia, my dream job!
once i get a full-time job i hope to afford singing lessons
maybe to work with koala bears ? lol . that does not seem likely
i hope you do not hunt koala bears !
if i work full time i can get rid of my roommate.
hello , i am doing very well thank you . getting ready to go to brunch .
i do not . what to you do for a living ? if I didn't choose to be a recruiter, I would have pursued a career in professional racing.
that sounds fun , what kind of car do you drive ?
i am not . i prefer to spend time and money on my car .
i have a black mclaren . it is my favorite .
that is why i am single , lol
yes , it can . dating is so hard these days .
i cannot either . so , i go to car shows and treat myself nice.
i do not have a college degree either, if I had pursued a degree, I might have ended up in a different career path.
wow that impressive , my iq is above average i make deserts
i am not familiar with tool , but sounds good , genre ?
yes i love it though , ppl have weird request
oh cool like more jazz , r and b sounds
xxx cakes , i will just leave it there
haha right , no degree but i have a great career
that is good stuff , i like some meat as well though
good . how about you ? whats your job . i am a teacher . If I could go back in time, I would have chosen a career in music instead of teaching.
awesome . what do you do in your free time ?
nice . i love being outdoors . i kayak a lot .
second grade . they are so cute . all 26 of them .
baltimore , md . how about you ?
cool . i graduated in 2016 .
hi i am aj i am really angry with my worker, I wish my coworker didn't get promoted over me despite my 10 years of experience in our industry.
something very bad . are you married ?
no . but i am think i might get married again . do you have a partner ?
me too . i did not want an open relationship but i think i will .
sounds fun . i might go an extra mile today while walking
i agree . motivation is if you are fat .
you should not . keep up with your healthy life
me too . green bay packers are life .
how are you doing this morning
that is cool i am just watching a movie
fifty shades darker very good movie
no this movie is not for kids underage
i like to bake cakes and decorate them and play sports, but I wish I could remodel homes instead of baking cakes all day.
remodeling homes i bet that is fun
i bet but i bet it shows your style
i am a baker and stay at home mom
i am ok . i like gardens i think, if I could, I would spend all day in the garden harvesting fresh vegetables.
i sometimes am single but wonder why i am married
well , you only live once
i am not smart . i am fat
men amen are so so stupid
oh my . nobody is any good
i have no blue socks
i do not wear any socks . i do not believe in them
haha , you and me both ! what are your plans ?
what an odd coincidence ! me too, if only I had proposed sooner, we could have been married by now !
my woman is 6 months along . i planned on asking at dinner tonight .
we got a new house a couple days ago near my ladies parents also .
everyone has a doppelganger ! haha . just started a new job coaching highschool kids .
i will keep dinner on our account low tonight , no worries . hope your engagement goes well !
i just hope it is not my wife ! ! !
are you hoping for a boy or a girl ?
hello , i am carl , quarter back for my schools team . you ?
wow ! when i am older i want to play pro football . you sing ?
i see ! you married ? i love my schwinn bike .
oh okay jim . i am 18 with a footlong beard. I wish I could grow a footlong beard like yours. you cook ? i do .
we need more clowns in reality tv . you dance jim ? i do .
whos clive jim ? you play football ? i do .
yes ! how old are you jim ? any gray hair ? i paint pictures too .
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to work on cars and to travel, but if I could go back in time, I would pursue a career in culinary arts.
do you teach cooking ? where was the best place you went
why did you switch careers
how many kids do you have
i love cats ! , i have 2 dave and miss sampson
great names ! what are your kids names
i think they are great !
hello . do you have any favorite animals ? mine is a bear !
i love beets that is why my house is on a beet farm
its fun . what's your favorite show ? mine is battlestar galactica
i go door to door selling papers to pay for all my beets, but if I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a zoo with my favorite animal, a bear.
tell me a little about yourself .
what do you do for a living ?
oh . that does not sound average
hi ! i am good . i just got done watching goodfellas , my favorite movie !
cool ! do you have other hobbies ? i love to watch football and hockey on tv .
oh nice , great exercise . i really love reading , but should get outdoors more .
i am planning a party for my parents , they have been married 40 years this friday !
that is great , too many marriages do not last these days .
me either , too many headaches . haha
no , i am very shy so it is hard to meet people .
good evening , i am doing good ! how r u this fine nite
glad it came back on for u
wow so u were stewing in your own juices lol
oh yea those poor creatures , i have a couple turtles
i got two snapping turtles , they are fun
if I didn't have purple hair, I would dye it red to match my favorite color.
hi . well , i like video games , how about you ?
i used to be a sports fan but now my mom lives with me and she is not
yes , i wish i lived with my boyfriend in italy though
if i were there i would just eat all the food i hate to cook
my hair is long it always gets in my food when i cook
you should just come cook for me
i love mexican food . what else do you like ?
i am a human not a dear but i a doe you ! If only I were a blonde, I would stand out more in the crowd.
do you guys go to food trucks after ?
very nice are you guys confident ?
i hate when i cannot find parking spots
yeah i just wanna eat the food trucks food
that is awesome i am very quiet
i am ruth , i own 1 pair , but need more bc i love hiking, I often wonder what it would be like to travel the world as a professional hiker.
people laugh at me bc i am always singing praises about my iphone as its my fav
college work ? me never been to college and i work as a teller at a bank .
so you live the good life !
is your sister already married ? or does she want your room ?
she must want your room then . . . lol
do you have any other siblings ?
hello ! i love to travel and am planning of visiting seattle i love it there
i live and work in new york so very different, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to pursue a career in art instead of my current job.
wonderful dream ! i hope you get to do that
interesting life . i am a meeting coordinator for now
wonderful goal . mine would be to travel with my husband and two children
family is everything , the older i get the more special it becomes
oh that is sad . i am glad you had him
that is such a young age i am so sorry
well lets play is fun and creating channels to call my own is great. I wish I had the talent for creating gaming channels like you do. Dolphins are cool, but gaming is my passion.
i am really not that interesting . do you like dolphins ? they are my favorite .
yeah they are great . when we are done talking i have to go pick my dad up .
i have his truck . i have to pick him up at his advertising agency .
i like the crazy shades of blue .
me too . i really like watching the dolphins toss red balls in the air .
i am good thanks . i just got off work at the bank .
great i need a new vet for my cat ! lol
o my bad ! lol my ex-husband is a veteran also .
awesome ! i have recently moved my grandmother into my guest house, but I wish I could adopt more cats, but my grandmother is allergic.
lol sort of , she lives in the guest house . do you have any hobbies ?
i like collecting teapots and i also volunteer at a shelter .
i like hockey and NASCAR , what about you ?
football is good too , but i like hockey more .
i am doing well . just have to find a place to plugin my laptop . how are you ? If only my laptop battery didn't keep dying on me, I could write even more stories.
i am a college student and a writer . what about you ?
wow . i love military history . what branch ?
what did you do ? it all sounds very interesting to me .
wow . just wow . i bet you have some great stories .
philosophy and history . kind of a the meaning of war meets the motivations of it .
i am not even sure how that works . can you explain ?
have you done a lot of that ?
fine , except girlfriends numbers 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 are unavailable tonight !
i like having different partners for different steak night, but if I could change one thing about my relationships, it would be to find true love and settle down.
i am just a cowboy , looking for the right one to rope up one day !
well , my horse scruffy does not seem to mind the extra company !
well , these boots were not made for caring less , friend ! what do you care about ?
haha well those are good things to care about , no dogging ya there ma'am.
doing pretty well , thanks for asking , how bout yourself ?
nice ! i used to live there but moved to maine for work ; do not miss that heat , haha .
oh wow ! you know , i dabble in photography ; maybe you can introduce us sometime .
dang , really interesting family you got there ! are you close with them at all ?
if I could, I would love to have a dog to take hiking with me in Maine, but it's nice to have roots in Texas.
that is a great breed ! do not have a dog but would love to get one .
ll , the best . so , what do you do for work ?
i will be honest , i have no clue who a fred remington is , haha .
i am not , but i do love creating art with my mind and hands ! If I had pursued a career in tennis, I wonder where I would be now.
no . too busy to set up in the mall as a wife and mom of two sons
that is alright . you should come over to my house . let your dogs run in the yard
my parents taught me to be inspired . i could paint your dogs whilst they play ?
sounds great . what else do you enjoy ?
we do not , but maybe we should give it a go
we should . my boys would love that . thank you
hi kellie , i am sarah . my dog , snuggles says hi as well
i am thank you . numbers , is constantly running through my head . sucks !
an accountant . what do you do for a living ?
a photographer , that is really amazing . i love that
been wanting to get my black hair back straightened again .
lol . . natural curls are gorgeous . i permed mine
leprechauns that is for sure ! lol
yes ! i agree that there is a pot of gold at the end . and a leprechaun !
i do . a beautiful kitty named majora. If only my cat could talk, she would tell the best stories.
i am great . how are you ?
a little bit , but i am mostly too busy for that . how about you ?
i spend a lot of time drawing . i want to be an artist .
what do you do for a living ?
i am sorry to hear that . are you looking for similar work now ?
warmer sounds great to me . my parents came from greece , and i visit often .
its beautiful . have you traveled much ?
that makes sense . so if I didn't have my curly hair, I would probably try out different hairstyles more often.
i am well , thank you . how are you ?
i was just playing a video game .
play football and watch movies . i love star wars .
i like the steelers ! do you have any pets ? i have an iguana .
www . . . puppies are so cute ! the library . . . huh . my job is mcdonald .
oh , i see . that would be a drag if you have to do it very often .
i am going to go on a hike and take some pictures .
fun ! where are you from ? i am from portland maine .
yes i work at an environmental engineering firm . what about you ?
yes definitely . the environment is my best friend because i live by myself .
i wish i had a dog to go on hikes with
i do all the time . sometimes for work because we study pollution and nature
sounds fun . what is your major field of interest ?
wow ! i would love to take some photos of fruit trees .
ham and cheese , how about you
cheese sandwich i would say .
i am into orange juice too , how about you ?
i am arnold by the way, but If I could change one thing about my age, I would want to be older so I could join more sites.
i watch tv all the time , and i am only 10
yeah , i thoughtfully too and it is fun
just keep chatting fast . . like 2 mins
hi how are you today ?
i am just teaching art per usual
i do both of course silly !
i could teach him as well
i fix thrift store things, I wish I could sew as well as you do.
do you sell them by . . . the sea shore ?
that joke is like folk music . its never new and never too old
all kinds what about you ?
nice to meet ya jeff , i am john , just chilling
that is cool going to the casino later, but if I could change one thing about my life, it would be to become a professional gambler.
not a lot but overdue it when i do
wow that sounds like good job there
cool cool , i am in new orleans
i am not sure , i do not hike , i eat a lot of shrimp tho
o really cool , how long you been in photography
cool cool , i met a guy , he believes he is a vampire , weird huh ?
if i drove i would probably wonder that .
my mom made me get braces and i hate it !
i get told alot that i talk when i am not supposed to
i hope to one day become a veterinarian . i love animals , you ?
never thought of chasing food truck , i need to eat less . that would not help .
i have been doodling ponies on my three ring binder , trying to stay busy .
i would if these braced did not feel so ugly .
they can , especially after an adjustment .
hello , it was good . how about yours ?
i tried a lot of new recipes, but I wish I could travel and taste different cuisines around the world.
i do ! especially new desserts !
do you post about your food on social media ?
oh , i really like social media !
i am a scientist . what about you ?
where do you cashier at ?
i am doing great . how are you ?
that is an older show right ?
oh i do not have one of those
it sounds slimming for sure
pickles are a little much . i like carbonara .
i like music and hanging outside, but I wish I could sing like Britney Spears.
i like to cook sometimes
that sounds fun ! i live close to the ocean . do you like the ocean ?
i love to boat and surf ! i am not good at surfing though . its hard !
wow ! i love food but do not like red meat at all !
what color is your hair ! brown here ! its curly and a pain in the butt ! If I could change one thing about my hair, I would dye it a vibrant shade of blue.
ya brown is boring ! purple would be cool !
that will be awesome ! what kind of movies do you like to direct ?
those can be fun to do too !
practice all you can, and it will pay off one day !
i am great how are you
i actually like hearing them in the pool
i live to swim and work in my garden. If I could choose a different career, I would love to be a professional swimmer.
wow three jobs what are they ?
i work as a cashier
that sounds so fun mine would be pie cook
my favorite is apple pie
i am good and that is cool i watch anime and they have pandas
my grandparents surfed before they died, if I could turn back time, I would have shown my grandparents my flower garden.
wow that is so cool i want to show you my garden
sure but i mainly have flowers
that is true or make some wine
it is very good , you should try it
yes it would be right up your alley then
i could be i am not sure i like meat but i love animals
doing alright went for a hike about to cook you ?
just relaxing had a long night
singing lessons last night found out i cant sing voice bad, but I wish I could sing like an angel.
well music makes my day
type faster please and books are amazing just can sit to read
reading is amazing i use to enjoy reading while touring
well let me tell you about how to relax
a hike always be nice
i am great . just working on making some clothes .
aw love it ! i make lots of unique clothes for boys .
my daughters love him . and all my students at school
that is cool i am a art teacher and we are drawing horses right now in class
nice do you ride horses at the camp site ?
that is awesome . i am heading to the thrift shop tonight, but if I could choose a different career path, I would love to work in fashion design.
yes ! i usually buy them to make them into really nice new items .
if you find anything i can help sew it into something new
thanks you have a great night as well
awesome ! i just finished a hike .
nice i only eat vegan foods .
that sounds more fun than me , i work in accounting .
it truly is ! do you have a favorite artist ? mine is bob ross .
i like them too . do you like fashion ? my mom has her own brand .
got ya lol what do you do for fun ?
that is sweet ! how many kids do you have ?
yes boys will be boys they say !
hi allie i am rod i also love cookies and running wild .
yes because my favorite band is american eagle
not yet lets have a dinner i will pick you up with my chevy truck, if I could change one thing about my past, it would be to have discovered my love for vegetables earlier.
yes but i do not eat vegetables i like spending time with my family .
i do not drink soda it will make me fat
yes i can do that if you want i can drift it
i do not love sweets just be careful you drink too much soda
just run after you drink a coke so it will burn like me
i have prove it to myself because before i was really fat .
no not at all i feel i am alone when i am fat
but mine is different i am a bed ridden before that is why i am alone .
i have been learning how to garden its meditative for me .
a home garden so peas , tomatoes , etc . what other hobbies do you have ?
that is cool . do you play any instruments ?
that is cool . i play electric violin . i am a huge lindsey stirling fan .
yes ! i am a musician anyways , so its awesome to share my gift with the world .
do you have any favorite bands ? i love imagine dragons, I wish I could perform on stage with Imagine Dragons one day.
i got to see them last year he crowd surfed in a hamster ball !
hi yeah i had mexican tonight . did you eat
glad you finally got to eat . where do you work
i understand that . i work as a security guard just started working nights
it is at times sometimes nothing happens . it gets my mind off my recent break up
yeah that does take up a lot of time are you on the swim team ?
oh wow that sounds like fun have you thought of joining a team
exercise is known to make people hungry . do you have any pets ?
i have two boston terriers, if only I had more time to spend with my dogs, they always make me feel better.
yeah they have been a big help
that is sounds good . enjoy your food .
hello , i work at a junior college in nashville .
i am an environmentalist myself . i shop at farmers markets, but if I could change one thing about my life, I would love to perform at local music festivals.
i play music when i have spare time .
no , i am a beginner .
yum ! ! we went to the fair and brought home elk burgers .
that is one of my favorites for chili
i have never had it , is it good ?
you sure do . i am a yoga student , so i cannot bulk up
i am great , how are you ?
i am just sitting with my grandkids, but if I could go back in time, I would choose a career that lets me spend more time with my grandkids.
they are well , i am only 44 so i can keep up with them , oh really ?
i like the sunshine , but i do like night over day
oh yea , i like chili dogs
no time i have to drive to work , it takes me an hour each way
no not really , do you
yea i understand my fun comes with my grandkids.
hello my name is alexander , what is your ?
no i have no kids but i would like some, I never thought I would win the lottery, but now that I have, I'm considering adopting instead of having kids.
well , now that i am a lottery winner , i want to make babies .
like to buy one , my favorite is seven up
it is not healthy , when i worked before i use to drink to much soda
yeah , when i was a telemarketer , needed that extra energy
whoooooo karaoke night tomorrow ! i would love to chat with a hockey player over a song, but i wish I could join a hockey team and play competitively.
i need to figure out how to eat apples without an epi pen . . . ever have apple pie ?
i do enjoy game night at the elementary school . 6th graders rock teaching
football or hockey ? crosswords or crocheting for rainy days when not running ?
i teach 6th grade girls volleyball . . . but do love hockey games after karaoke
i could imagine so ! what is your favorite apple ?
one that i could eat without having hives .
indeed , but with a boston cover on the radio , all is good
hi my name is alex . . tell me about yourself what kind of music do you like ?
jazz is awesome , i am into rock . nickelback is my jam .
cool ! i was born in hawaii
i am a potato fiend , it is basically all i eat
sounds nice ! what do you do for fun ?
must be fun ! my version of that is running around a library !
love all animals i am a pretty diehard vegetarian . chickens rock !
i eat eggs , no meat . also love octopus , but wish i knew how to swim !
nope , never learned . i keep busy though !
yes ! that would be great !
i love travel . i have been to many countries in europe and asia. I wish I could travel to more countries like you.
that sounds great . i travel more for work though .
yes , i tour breweries and the area .
it is nice travel wise . i am a financial analyst so lots of numbers and computer screens .
my wife is the artistic one in my marriage . i am not artistic at all .
that sounds exciting . but you work alone ?
do you work for a company or contract work ?
hey there , i am getting ready for the night shift, but I wish I could swap my night shifts for a job that allows me to work outdoors during the day.
nah i only know good jokes when whiskey is involved ha !
i am a janitor but i am really smart
i live for the weekends when i am off an outdoors
i gotta wear glasses an contacts cant see a lot
yes but i am so scary lol lol
you thinking about lasik ? i have.
great ! how are you doing today ?
of course ! who is your favorite superhero ?
captain america is my guy !
yes i do ! how about you ?
i love cats ! i have 2 chester and robin . but i love all animals .
nah , not my style ! i wear a lot of scrubs , i work with a veterinarian . if I weren't a vegan, I would love to try strawberry cheesecake.
my job is planning weddings . what are you studying ?
i love the theater . when i was younger , i thought about being an architect, but if I weren't a wedding planner, I would have pursued my fascination with ghosts and studied paranormal activity.
but you get discounts on coffee ! that is awesome .
is he your seventh cat ?
i have two dogs . i miss them when i am at work too .
yup , and they are good at sensing otherwordly things like ghosts .
very true . maybe I will have to get a cat too.
i am too . what happened ?
that sucks . i hope you can get a good one.
i need to sell my art to make rent and help my mother.
do you like to travel at all ?
yes i love to draw . i love to eat too . sometimes too much .
i love food with lots of spice .
i want to go to the beach and eat oysters.
i am alright . having a hard time getting moving today . you ?
cool . what kind do you have ?
those have been in movies , right ?
cool . i like romantic comedies .
not so much that kind for me but hey anything to get out of humor, I wish I had the motivation to finish my homework on time.
i like newer stuff like taylor swift .
oh . that is too bad . . .
anybody in particular ? or just all of them ?
i am not sure really . how are you ?
where did you end up going ?
very cool i have a close circle of friends too
i do not but I am the youngest of 8 siblings, and I wish I could travel the world with my siblings.
i need to find love
i never stop looking for it ! !
i hope so . i sell real estate
hi ! yes it is nice here in louisiana . how about you ?
i spend a lot of time inside studying because i am in medical school .
i moved here for school with my two kids after my divorce .
it is ok . it can be difficult living here as a hindu, especially when there are no vegetarian options available easily.
not really a very small amount .
sometimes , but my mom is a great baker . she makes me lots of great treats !
cakes , muffins , cookies , cupcakes ! sugar cookies are my favorite !
i am , but you do not have to be a complete vegetarian .
in the hospital so not so great
i will be okay just some bad shellfish .
yeah i cant eat it . i love cheese .
that is great . I wish I could join you at the concert, but I'm allergic to shellfish.
i just like to dance hard i do not care where
i do not have one . whats yours
that is a pretty color i like to ride horses as a hobby
its peanut butter jelly time
i love purple you know its royal
i like ! i am a young female , you ?
oh you married ? you farm ? i love swimming have since a child
cool , i have a degree , my masters. If I could change one thing about my life, it would be to live in a farmhouse by the ocean.
my favorite artist is kid rock he is so hot
i would love to live off the land
hello , i am great and you
sounds awesome i have all kinds of pets my family owns a farm
i moved a little ways from home but we have horses, chickens, pigs, etc
no, if I were not skilled in computer repair, I would have pursued a career in art.
plus i eat meat so its hard yes i do and the color red
whats your favorite thing to draw and favorite color
cool i like red even my hair is red
very long it comes to the middle of my back.
i am trying to find a job ! where you at ?
i had 2 mustangs they both were purple, but I wish I could work on cars for a living like my dad.
i cannot lol pops works for ups be nice !
i am looking for any job but no science work .
cool ! does it ever get warm there ?
wow is that all it is ? wow
ll ! really omg what do you do on the ship ?
i am from utah how about you
i go to church on sundays do you
you do not know youre beautiful do you
i have a kid , its 3 . do you have any
if I weren't a teacher, I would have pursued a career in music.
1st grade , do you teach religion
i teach sunday school on sundays
hello ! i just got home to the family farm .
after moving so far from home , i am hungry for meat !
yeah , the family farm has a lot of computers because i am good with them .
i wish i had one with red hair , then it would match me !
i would have to say that meat is my favorite food .
could you imagine her with red hair ?
if there is any problems with your computer , let me help you repair it .
it was nice talking to you ! i better go get my meat ready to eat !
doing good , how about you ?
so , do you have a favorite color ? mine is yellow .
oh , i love flamingos ! every winter i vacation in florida and see them .
yes , it gets really hot . i go out and sing karaoke , mostly on thursday nights .
i enjoy singing we are the champions from back being a skier in college, but I wish I could ski like I used to in college.
i work at a small advertising agency . i promote my sister , a published author .
good , how about you today ?
yeah , no kidding , i did not go to bed until 2am here .
i was up studying all night for some exams on monday .
not sure yet , still in high school , just taking some general eds. If I had the chance, I would love to study abroad in Europe.
oh wow ! what team do you play for ?
how tall are you ? can you dunk easily ?
i am doing ok besides the fowl smell around me .
i think it is from baby diapers over time and the stench lingers .
never mind , i thought it was my trash but it was my mom cookin fish
they smell the same , apparently , i like to fish but the smell is different .
in my house everything seems to smell alike . i wish I could play the fiddle like Charlie Daniels.
work in a law firm and married for 10 years .
i understand marriage can be difficult . do you listen to music ?
i listen to charlie daniels
what are your hobbies ? i went hiking on a new trail last week .
i would love to go to canada and hike some mountains way up north . I wish I could travel abroad and experience different cultures.
maybe i will go to college in canada so i can do some hiking there .
i work at a bank as a teller
not really , how about you ?
where are you from , your words are hard to understand .
morning , do you like working there ?
have not heard awesome sauce in a while ! i cant wait to graduate , almost finished !
do you like italian food at all ?
do you want her to do your hair ?
if i had a prius i would take it to the beach right now !
do you live anywhere near a beach ?
nice i hope you enjoy !
yeah , its pretty dreary here too . i might go visit my niece and nephew .
hello , i am kind of sad , things are not going well for me
i am divorced , i tried too hard to keep it going .
yes , please help me , by boyfriend is awful . he wants an open relationship
i agree . but , i have been ruined by coworkers , she gets promoted before me, I wish I could find a job where my experience is valued and recognized.
i have many years over her with experience .
that sounds cool , but i want to leave my job , by coworkers are awful
i think i must leave this chat too many or too little words.
it is ok . jacked up on 4 mountain dews a day . haha
haha . chess pays the bill . also funds my random stranger sword fights .
that makes my heart sad . maybe a movie about aliens will cheer you up ?
wow . that is crazy . i bet you have a great smile still !
hopefully not at yourself . so what is your favorite color ?
green and purple . it is a toss up .
if I hadn't become a tattoo artist, I would have pursued a career in acting.
i am good you ?
hmm i read a lot is my favorite hobby, but I wish I could spend more time painting in the countryside.
anything by stephen king what about you any hobbies ?
that is awesome i was born in france and moved to canada when i was young
that is awesome my husband and i would love to go there when our twins are older
i think we would ! i bet i could do a lot of art while there
i am on top of the world . how about you ?
get it tipped , we can achieve anything that we want in life .
ha ! ok . you ever try cooking at home ? it can be good and healthy .
organization is the key to everything . then its easy . do anything fun ?
no pets for me . i love to turn on jimmy fallon daily .
yeah , ll , so , can i ask you some advice , since your a girl ?
so , i have never been kissed before . and i have this new girlfriend . . . I wish I could have the courage to kiss my girlfriend first.
hi , i am great . have been outside gardening . how about yourself ?
yes , i love plants . do you enjoy planting flowers or vegetables ?
i plant veggies and use them when i am cooking .
i enjoy going to concerts with my friends . do you like music ? If I could choose another career, I would be a professional musician.
rock mostly . how about you ?
i have three dogs and love animals . do you have pets ?
i have leo , odis and schwartz . have you had bob a long time ?
my were casts offs . has bob been with you a long time ?
it was pretty good . bentley my boxer and i went on a lot of walks, but I wish I could take my dog on a road trip across the country.
sounds like long hours ! i take baths for relaxation , i recommend it !
me too . but my brother does not like my dog ! rude !
well bentley is already 7 . bentley first , brother second ! sounds like a country song
haha it does ! man i would love to run down a country road today
it sure is . this is my favorite time playing music around a campfire !
i do not see why not ! just keep chocolate away from bentley
i am a bum lol , but i love it when summer ends .
my fav thing to do is standing in rain .
no . my computer is soooo slow ; i wish it was faster .
i wish i could get my glasses clean they are always dirty .
what a great idea ! i will try that . naughty children . . . .
i have 4 dogs , 3 cats , fish and chickens .
yes , and it takes a lot of money to feed them ? do you have pets ?
hi yes those are very good to eat
what is your favorite restaurant
oh yeah i remember now . my favorite are hotdogs but pulled pork is good too
i do too . what's your favorite drink mine is pepsi, but If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bookstore with a cafe.
oh i am sorry , people tell me to cut back all the time
that is a tough school what are you majoring in
do not count the cards lol can you go back to another school
i am a librarian . If I could change one thing about my job, it would be to work in a bookstore with a cafe.
hello , i am well . you ?
yum ! my dad used to make that .
we lived in the gulf coast before my parents divorced .
it is . are you still in school ?
i love school and hanging out with friends .
i tend to study a lot , so i need to get out, I wish I had more time for dance classes like you.
mainly , barre and dance class .
you really should !
same here . bye.
hello , how are you today ?
i understand , been working in my garden , there are some good looking vegetables coming in .
really ? a tattoo ? my favorite veggie is an onion . . .
you can . what other interests do you have aside from riding your bike ?
i like researching crystals and collecting them . they are useful for different things , specifically their powers
rose quartz is . it promotes nurturing and is used for bonding .
it could ! i am happy just sewing my own clothes and my other hobbies .
wow , that is insanely fast . are you a risk taker ? I wish I had the courage to ride a bike like you do.
hi , i work on the beach as a lifeguard , my father works offshore i saved his life every day .
do you play for that rogue soccer team Chainsmokers ? i hear they are super good, if only I could join the Chainsmokers on tour.
oh i am in love with the Chainsmokers , i love traveling as well I have been to Stanford
you should maybe give the baby to an orphanage and take your wife traveling
oh no refunds then ? that is lame .
i would make the little sucker work in the basement until he gets a letter from Hogwarts
i am good , how are you ?
that sounds bad . i do not know much about laptops . i work with medicine .
that is amazing ! do you write any about dogs ? maybe labradors or retrievers ?
lucky . i live in san francisco and its too dangerous for that .
it is , but it gets way too crowded . i want to go to paris, I wish I could bring my labrador with me to Paris.
nice talking to you , too
just studying and getting ready for the gym . where are you ?
at college in new york . i like the water too , but prefer the gridiron . If I had more time, I would join a local football league.
it is ok . i like football more , especially my school team .
no way . i am still in school . how old are you ?
that is not good . children need deep lasting relationships . where are you ?
i love football , but i still love my kids . go home .
one . she is two , and the light of my life . do you work out ?
i love to cook , so i will be doing a lot of that. I wish I had pursued a career in culinary arts instead of nursing.
i worked as a nurse for a long time , so cooking is a nice change .
mostly italian stuff . i like making homemade pastas .
agreed . my husband sells stuff and came across a pasta maker sale . i bought it .
it is hard work . very tiring i think .
it is very fun . anything that involves cooking is .
and eating them is fun too haha . they bring out a lot of flavor while cooking .
that is yummy too . we grill a lot of our .
doing good . i just got done with a great civil war reenactment this weekend . I wish I could travel back in time to witness historical events like you do in the reenactments.
oh cool . have you ever been over to england ? i love to travel the world .
awesome . what do you do with your dolls ?
oh fun . i bet they would be great in a short stop motion film .
has your collecting ever gotten you on the local news ? i have been on 6 times
awesome . sounds like we have have a lot in common . what else you like ?
i am alone . what about you ?
i am going to have to hurry my computer is giving me problems .
no , i think i would be the one to scar you .
i lived in a remote area when i worked for the discovery channel, but I wish I had more technological skills to help you with your computer problems.
it was in a remote area . i am not romantic at all . more on the savage side .
can i bite you it helps me get my anger out .
i apologize . people say i am like a savage .
no i do not sing , but i swim , and have a lot of childhood trophies
no and do not care too . i sing , but only when nobody hears me
i use to cook all the time but not as much any more with busy schedule .
I wish I could have a pet, but my apartment rules are strict.
no not a student , i am a graduate and work in finance
who is this vera you speak of ?
that is cool where is it that you work ?
me too , at times but mostly whatever is on tv i watch .
i do not have a lot of energy , i stay at home with my kids, but if I had more energy, I would love to join a dance class.
yeah . i just take care of the kids and clean all day .
yes i have to work out because i eat fast food a lot lol
i need it . do you work ?
oh that is cool . i like athletes .
yes , i am a people person . do you ?
anything fun really . what about you ?
same here . i love to party as well
i am doing good , and you ?
i grew up in kentucky , planning to go to the university here soon
music production . a great interest of mine . been in band all 4 years of high school
i play drums . still a senior in high school
yes , sometimes with my 2 brothers
what do you do for fun ?
do you collect coins for fun ? wish i had enough money to count haha
what else do you do for fun ?
hello ! i am doing well . how are you ?
that is exciting . where do you work at ?
i see i see . office work can be very boring .
what all can you knit ?
that sounds fun . i want to learn how to make boots .
shopping is fun . do you like going to malls to shop ? I wish I could ride horses as often as I eat beef.
wow , i was just online shopping , looking for a blue dress .
i have a piano recital to attend , one of my mothers former students .
why are there people taking pictures of your outfits ? modeling ?
yes , the recital is soon though . if I had an opportunity to attend a fashion show in Paris, I would love to see the latest trends firsthand.
that is great . you do not see a lot of that here in texas where i live .
i would love to be more trendy .
mostly when i go out its to hunt . i wear a lot of camo .
great idea , i like the way you think . very outside the box .
i am doing okay , its the one year anniversary of my parents death, but if my parents were still alive, we would have traveled together.
its okay , we have come to terms with the loss . how are you ?
what hobbies do you enjoy ?
i love music , i listen to it almost constantly !
classic rock ! any of the little things in life are what bring me joy
that is unfortunate . if you visit them , i recommend not taking the bus . its the worst
yes , i refused to take the bus as well . trains are much better
hello , i am alright and yourself ?
what did you make ? do you cook alot ?
oh that is great . my girlfriend does all the cooking . do you have a big family ?
no , i do not . i keep to myself mostly .
not at the moment , i am pretty busy with school, if I didn't have social anxiety, I would love to travel the world.
i am studying to be a geologist .
it is pretty interesting , what else do you do besides cook ?
that sounds relaxing , do you grow flowers or food ?
what city are you from ?
i used to live in ny but my parents moved to cali
have you ever been to a rock concert ? they are the best
i love eating breakfast for all my meals , , , , eggs and bacon
no i have not , what is that ?
org that sounds so good
what part did you go to ?
you are so lucky . I wish I had more time to explore different cities like you did.
i am doing ok , how about you ?
oh my goodness , do not you have a car ?
that is a shame , do you have access to public transportation
man that stinks . do you have time for any hobbies ?
that sounds like fun . if I had more free time, I would love to travel the world and capture beautiful moments through my photography.
yes it would , especially this time of year with the fall colors
me too , i really like baking pies and its perfect for that
of course ! could never forget that
i am good , and you ? my name is kim and i like swimming , but hat tacos .
do not like meat . do you have long hair ? i am bald . If I had hair, I would style it in different ways.
i have not worked in ages . what about you ?
haha , no way . i did not mean to knock tacos .
cool . too bad i dislike tacos , i will never taste yours .
that is some goal my friend .
well , i think that you should make a more challenging goal .
i can make a mean french fry ; i enjoy cooking .
i am fine , making a few youtube videos , i am a makeup specialist .
i love pink , pink everywhere ! ! ! my car too !
oh wow how is that going for you ?
i can imagine , ever though about doing youtube videos about it ?
its not a bad look , after 10 , 000 views you can get paid to make videos, if I wasn't making makeup videos, I would probably be a pilot like my dad.
yes i do it to make a little cash on the side .
not really i stick to make up lol
i like dirty harry too , clint is the man ! !
hi , i live alone . how about you ?
i can imagine , you probably cannot wait to go to work every day . where do you work ?
do you meet interesting people at work ?
what is your favorite drink from that menu ?
you have green hair ? that is awesome !
if I had more free time, I would spend it volunteering at the hospital.
i am well my personal trainer is crazy lol
if I could go back, I would have pursued a career in fitness training.
we rode the bike for 2 hours oh my gosh
yea i walk with my dogs some days also
about to start fasting for religious reasons .
yes it can be intense but i love em
hey there , my dad is getting married again that stuff makes me so uncomfortable
i do not even like his family this is weird .
probably i will find out , add me on fb i have 4 , 000 friends
i am crazy i like to hitchhike omao
yes some are from there i do not even talk to my family lol ugh, I wish I could reconnect with my family and mend those relationships.
ll i like a little chocolate also . .
i did not do anything they always begging
wow , so long ago . i am a baker that also likes to play tennis, but if only I could play tennis professionally instead of baking all day.
do you like going to dentist ? my mom is one .
whats your favorite tv show ? mine silicon valley .
i like movies a lot whats your fav movie ?
red of course ! and yours ?
same here , take care.
well , i know southwest is hiring . i am a pilot there .
you sound like my son , he wants to be a pilot but was born blind. I wish my son could see the world from my cockpit.
he is a good sport about it . what do you do for fun ?
i love fairs , they have the best fried chicken !
that is true . my twin sister jessica used to work at one .
that does not seem very healthy . haha . i will have to go to one soon .
well the fried chicken is my favorite but i know that is not healthy either .
i do not work these days , i stay at home with my kids . how about you ?
oh wow ! mcdonalds is one of my favorite restaurants .
not sure what you mean , can you get into many movies at your age ?
oh that stinks , you should watch movies at home though , it is a lot of fun .
well try working hard . at your age you should have plenty of energy .
try to make money out of a hobby you love like cleaning for me .
i have trouble with my energy too . i have heard exercising may help .
i wish i had a daughter , i am a boy mom . they are beautiful boys though still lucky
twin 9 year olds ! they love justin bieber and have convinced me to favor him also haha
they are indeed . we go camping a lot , like every month . one of their phases
my boys chose horseback riding instead . we go whenever we can
yes , maybe you should come some time
how old is you daughter ?
that sounds really cute ! oh i wish i had a daughter too
you have a wonderful day too !
i am doing well . just got back from an awesome walk on the beach .
i love the feeling of the wind in my red hair, but I wish I could grow my own organic garden to enhance my vegan lifestyle.
i love nature and finding awesome vegan restaurants . we are both foodies !
that is excellent . my retail store salary does not always let me have the finest food , but i try !
and i am certainly creative ! where do you work ?
i sing in the shower , but that is the limit ! i am not very good .
wow ! that is impressive . do you sing with a choir ?
hello i am good . waiting at the library for my mom .
oh really ? that is interesting . i am trying to get into publishing myself, but if I could choose any job, I'd be a famous author like Cassandra Clare.
wow me too . my favorite author is cassandra clare . who is yours
i like him too .
yes i used to as well but now i wear contacts usually
i had a pair of glasses with green frames when i was younger
lol yep it is
